



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Friday, March 31, 2017  18:47:50 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (Tribal College Initiative Grants)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Heitkamp Announces Significant Federal Funding and Loans for Tribal Colleges,
Head Start Facility

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today announced more than $5.2 million in federal
funding and loans to support tribal colleges and Head Start programs across the
state.

Specifically, Cankedeska Cikana Community College will receive almost $4.5
million in federal loans to construct a new Head Start facility, and Sitting
Bull College, Turtle Mountain Community College, Fort Berthold Community College
, Cankedeska Cikana Community College, and United Tribes Technical Community
College will each receive $145,302 for new renovations and constructions on
campus.

"If we truly want our children to flourish, we need to focus on being good
stewards of their education," said Heitkamp. "Our young and native children in
particular are depending on us, and our ability to be responsible caretakers -
and we can't let them down. That's why I'm encouraged by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's investment in the future of North Dakota's young people by making
sure they have the loans and grants they need to build education facilities for
young children in Head Start to young adults in college. We must never lose
sight of the need to innovate and motivate our young people, and I'll keep
fighting for educational opportunities and funding for our Native children and
for our Head Start programs - because our community of tomorrow starts with a
commitment to our kids today."

The funds and loans are made available by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Community Facilities Program, which focus on rural areas and towns with a
population of up to 20,000 in providing loans grants and loan guarantees for
essential community facilities which typically focus on education, health care,
and public safety.

The grants are distributed as follows:

Cankdeska Cikana Community College - $4,491,250: This federal loan is allocated
by the USDA's Community Facility Direct Loan program for the construction of a
centrally located Head Start Facility.
    Cankdeska Cikana Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to construct the second part of a Cultural Center to house
artifacts and hold community events on campus.
    United Tribes Technical College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to renovate two streets on campus, including curb and gutter
replacement and drainage problem corrections on campus.
    Sitting Bull College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by the
USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be used to
construct the second part of the school's Lighting Project, which will connect
the northeast and southeast portions of the campus upon completion.
    Fort Berthold Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to add a greenhouse to the school's campus.
    Turtle Mountain Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is
allocated by the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative,
and will be used to replace roofing for upgrades to the Medical Building on
campus.

Heitkamp has long been a strong supporter of improving the lives of North Dakota
young people through educational opportunities. Last year, she visited a Head
Start facility in Valley City to view firsthand the devastating impact
across-the-board spending cuts have on early education programs for low-income
families, and called on her colleagues in the Senate to negotiate a bipartisan
long-term budget that would spare such programs from additional cuts. For young
adults, Heitkamp has consistently pushed for practical strategies that will give
young people more long-term certainty on their student loan rates, and for
efforts that make college more affordable.

She has also made improving educational opportunities for Native students a top
priority.  Just last week, Heitkamp announced that Cannon Ball Elementary School
had been selected by Apple to receive in-class technological resources as part
of its partnership with the White House's ConnectEd Initiative, which focuses on
bringing more educational technology and broadband access into classrooms. Just
a few months earlier, Heitkamp wrote a letter to President Obama specifically
requesting additional funding for Cannon Ball Elementary School.

In September, Heitkamp launched her Strong & Safe Communities Initiative which
convenes a task force of experts and leaders across the state that will work
with Heitkamp to tackle new challenges facing North Dakota since the energy
boom, including challenges to Indian Country, increases in drug-related crimes,
human trafficking, infrastructure stress, the movement of crude by rail, as well
as other issues. Heitkamp will lead the task force and work with the members
over a five-year period to develop recommendations to help prepare and equip
North Dakota communities for the future.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 1, 2014

Turtle Mountain Community College receives share of $5.2 million in funding

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 242  words


More than $5.2 million in federal funding and loans to support tribal colleges
and Head Start programs across the state were released recently to the
respective schools and programs.

Turtle Mountain Community College, Fort Berthold Community College and United
Tribes Technical Community College will each receive $145,302 for new
renovations and constructions on campus.

The funds and loans are made available by the U.S. Department of

Agriculture's (USDA) Community Facilities Program, which focus on rural areas
and towns with a population of up to 20,000 in providing loans grants and loan
guarantees for essential community facilities which typically focus on
education, health care, and public safety.

The grants are distributed as follows:

United Tribes Technical College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College

Initiative, and will be used to renovate two streets on campus, including curb
and gutter replacement and drainage problem corrections on campus.

Fort Berthold Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated by
the USDA's Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be
used to add a greenhouse to the school's campus.

Turtle Mountain Community College - $145,302: This federal funding is allocated
by the USDA's

Community Facility Grant's Tribal College Initiative, and will be used to
replace roofing for upgrades to the Medical Building on campus.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 11, 2012 Thursday

UTTC presents domestic violence program for other tribal colleges

BYLINE: JENNY MICHAEL, Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 387 words


United Tribes Technical College's approach to domestic violence is being used as
a model for other tribal colleges throughout the country.

Brad Hawk, associate vice president of wellness services at the tribal college
in south Bismarck, said officials from UTTC were asked to present information
about its domestic violence program at an American Indian Higher Education
Consortium training event at Haskell Indian Nations University in Kansas.

The event, held Wednesday and today, is part of an AIHEC initiative to prevent
and address domestic assault and rape called "Restoring the Circle: Ending
Violence and Abuse on Tribal College and University Campuses." Restoring the
Circle goes along with Vice President Joe Biden's "1 is 2 Many" initiative to
raise awareness about dating violence and sexual assault among teens and young
adults.

UTTC, along with Haskell Indian Nations University and Southwestern Indian
Polytechnic Institute, has taken the lead on the initiative.

Hawk said UTTC used a Department of Justice grant to establish its own domestic
violence program five or six years ago. The college partners with other
community groups and law enforcement to offer regular training on campus to
staff and students about domestic violence. Sessions take on specific topics,
such as stalking or online violence. The grant also funds monthly dorm meetings
that address domestic violence issues.

UTTC officials will explain how they applied for the grant and how they've used
it, Hawk said. He said UTTC's program is broad enough that it could apply to
other colleges.

"They kind of looked to us to give them the leadership to ... get other colleges
up to speed," he said. "The thought coming out of that was to get all of our
tribal colleges in the nation to have our own domestic violence programs."

The other colleges involved also will do some student training on domestic
violence issues during the event in Kansas, Hawk said.

Hawk said UTTC hopes to help foster healthier communities by educating students
about domestic violence and how they can stop it. Then, the students can take
that information back to their communities after college.

"That's kind of the first step in fighting it is knowing what it is and being
able to face it," he said.

(Reach Jenny Michael at 701-250-8225 or jenny.michael@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Leech Lake Tribal College takes part in Obama initiative

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Dec. 04--WASHINGTON -- Dr. Donald Day, president of Leech Lake Tribal College,
will join President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden in Washington
today to announce new actions to help more students prepare and graduate from
college.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Today is the White House College Opportunity Day of Action, an initiative that
will help to support "the president's commitment to partner with colleges and
universities, business leaders, and nonprofits to support students across the
country to help our nation reach its goal of leading the world in college
attainment," a release from Leech Lake Tribal College and the White House said.

In addition to Leech Lake, hundreds of college presidents and other higher
education leaders will be on hand for the event.

"Leech Lake Tribal College is honored to participate in the College Opportunity
Day of Action hosted by President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama," Day said
in the release. " We represent a strong consortium of Tribal Colleges in
Minnesota that are committed to increasing access and college opportunities to
rural Tribal communities. We recognize our mission is to not only provide
educational opportunities rooted in Anishinaabe values and culture but to
increase the number of college graduates as a measure of economic growth and
workforce impact."

In 2011, the Minnesota Education Nation Consortium was created between Leech
Lake Band of Ojibwe, Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians and the White Band of
Ojibwe, according to the release. The consortium later included Fond du Lac Band
of Ojibwe. With each nation maintaining the charter of a designated TCCU
(Tribally Controlled College and University), the intent of the Minnesota Tribal
College consortium was to work together to make the following educational
improvements: the crucial and urgent issue of Ojibwe language preservation,
mutually agreed upon grants partnering and grant endorsements and mutually
beneficial advocacy efforts. The tribal colleges will collaborate using best
practices in the following areas to increase college graduation rates by 20
percent by 2020:

--Improve student retention and graduation rates

--Expand transfer opportunities

--Share academic resources and programs

--Increase access through technology infused education

--Impact the economic development of Tribal communities

--Work to preserve Ojibwe language and culture

Participants at today's events are asked to commit to new action in one of four
areas: building networks of colleges around promoting completion, creating K-16
partnerships around college readiness, investing in high school counselors as
part of the First Lady's Reach Higher initiative, and increasing the number of
college graduates in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and
mathematics.

Obama is expected to announce $10 million in funding to help promote college
completion and a $30 million AmeriCorps program that will improve low-income
students' access to college.

Today's event is the second College Opportunity Day of Action; the first was
held on Jan. 14.

On Wednesday, Obama spoke to the Tribal Nations Conference at the Capital Hilton
in Washington, which was attended by many area tribal leaders and members.

___ (c)2014 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141204-JI-Leech-Lake-Tribal-College-takes-part-in-Obama-initiative
-1204-20141204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2014 Bemidji Pioneer


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Division of Education Programs

Receipt Deadline June 27, 2013 for Projects Beginning January 2014
Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Division of Education Programs

Receipt Deadline June 27, 2013 for Projects Beginning January 2014
Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Division of Education Programs

Receipt Deadline June 27, 2013 for Projects Beginning January 2014
Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Endowment for the Humanities, The State of Utah has issued the
following news release:

Division of Education Programs

Receipt Deadline June 27, 2013 for Projects Beginning January 2014
Brief Summary

NEH Humanities Initiatives are intended to strengthen and enrich humanities
education and scholarship at Tribal Colleges and Universities. These grants may
be used to enhance the humanities content of existing programs, develop new
programs, or lay the foundation for more extensive endeavors in the future.

Each project must be organized around a core topic or set of themes.
Program Statistics

In the last five competitions the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities program received an average of 6 applications per year. The program
made an average of 2 awards per year, for a funding ratio of 33 percent.

The number of applications to an NEH grant program can vary widely from year to
year, as can the funding ratio. Information about the average number of
applications and awards in recent competitions is meant only to provide
historical context for the current competition.

For further information please visit: http://www.neh.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2008 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Grants help education gain for all

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 510 words


Aug. 10--Much has been said about preparing our workforce for 21st century jobs,
especially with knowledge of high technology and of a global marketplace. It
means providing workers of tomorrow with a skills set that will be flexible,
adaptive and able to compete.

Most will agree that can only come through high education -- both at the
four-year academic degree level and at the two-year community or technical
college level. But success at that level must start with preparation at lower
levels, starting with early childhood and moving through elementary and
secondary levels.

We saw earlier last week that almost half of Minnesota's public schools are
failing to do so, if you believe the one-size-fits-all federal No Child Left
Behind standards. We've argued that such a process won't work, that students
need to progress individually according to their ability, some needing more help
than others, but not all at the same level.

Two grants awarded Friday are more in line with a principle of preparing those
most in need to succeed beyond high school, in either two-year or four-year
higher ed programs.

The Minnesota State Colleges and Universities Foundation received $425,000 in
grants for initiatives to help high school and college students prepare for and
succeed in college. The Grand Rapids-based Blandin Foundation awarded $225,000
for the northern Minnesota College Readiness Partnership pilot project, and the
Otto Bremer Foundation gave $200,000 to support the MnSCU Foundation's Higher
Education Anti-Racism Team initiative.

The Minnesota College Readiness Partnership will aid about 400 10th through
12-grade students in high schools at Mahnomen, Cass Lake, Red Lake, Thief River
Falls and Bemidji, and colleges at both Bemidji State University and Northwest
Technical College-Bemidji, and Leech Lake Tribal College, Red Lake Tribal
College, White Earth Tribal College, Northland Community and Technical College
in Thief River Falls and East Grand Forks.

Such targeted help will aid students in high schools that NCLB has shown dismal
marks. This seems a positive way to make change.

The Otto Bremer grant will help an initiative that strikes at core issues by
encouraging participating institutions and communities to strengthen policies
and practices that respect and include all racial, ethnic and social groups. So
far, participating schools include Minnesota State University-Moorhead, St.
Cloud State, North Dakota State University and Bethel University. We hope more
participate.

Both projects are positive efforts to help all of our future workers embrace the
right skills and attitudes to tackle the 21st century economy.

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080810-JI-EDITORIAL-Grants-help-education-gain-for-all-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2008


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding for Education and Economic
Development in Indian Country

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced eight federal grants totaling over $1.4
million to spur economic development in Indian Country and further education
that will support Native American communities.





 "All students should be able to grasp every opportunity to obtain the
education, training, and initiative they need to support themselves, their
families, and lift their communities up," said Heitkamp. "With the right
investments in education we can boost economic development, especially in Indian
Country where the need for well-paying jobs is critical for future success. This
federal funding will assist tribal colleges in making critical infrastructure
investments that will support education and spark innovation to help solve
challenges in tribal communities."



 The following two federal grants are made available through the Indian
Education Professional Development Program administered under the U.S.
Department of Education to increase training and education of Native Americans
to become educators in Indian Country:



     University of Mary: $367,702



     Sitting Bull College: $290,837



 The following federal funds are made available through the Tribal College
Initiative Grant Program under the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA):



     Candeska Cikana Community College: $143,000 in federal funds to construct a
cultural center.



     Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College: $ 143,000 in federal funds to make physical
improvements on campus.



     Sitting Bull College: $143,000 in federal funding to improve student
housing.



     Turtle Mountain Community College: $143,000 in federal funding to upgrade
facilities.



     United Tribes Technical College: $143,000 in federal funding to improve
road infrastructure on campus.



 The following federal grant is made available through the Rural Business
Development Grant Program authorized under USDA:



     Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians: $103,994 in federal funding for
entrepreneurship training and technical support for a local food initiative.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal
Community Development

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



 At the 8th Tribal Nations Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in
Washington, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's
support for tribal communities with $9 million in new funds to support community
development and education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has invested more than $3 billion in economic development
efforts for Native Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

At White House Conference, USDA Commits New Funds for Tribal Community
Development

LENGTH: 1024  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 http://www.usda.gov/cgi-bin/usdarss.pl?navid  At the 8th Tribal Nations
Conference hosted today by President Barack Obama in Washington, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack underscored the Administration's support for tribal
communities with $9 million in new funds to support community development and
education. Since 2009, under Vilsack, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
has invested more than $3 billion in economic development efforts for Native
Americans.





 "Since day one of this Administration, USDA has been committed to a Department
that works side by side with Tribal governments and individual American Indians
and Alaska Natives," said Vilsack. "We have expanded investment in Native and
Tribal community businesses, education, food security, housing, health care and
infrastructure. Today's announcement continues our efforts to promote economic
development and job creation in Tribal communities for years to come."



 Earlier today, President Obama kicked off the 2016 White House Tribal Nations
Conference at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington. This event provides
tribal leaders from the 567 federally recognized tribes with the opportunity to
interact directly with high-level federal government officials and members of
the White House Council on Native American Affairs. Each federally recognized
tribe is invited to send one representative to the conference. This year's
conference builds upon the President's commitment to strengthen the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and to improve the
lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives.



 At the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $3.8 million in grants for 28 projects that will help Tribal communities
and businesses in 15 states. USDA is providing the funding through the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program. The grants can be used for technical
assistance, training and other activities to help develop or expand small and
emerging businesses in rural areas.

     $2.3 million in grants to 13 tribal organizations for agricultural and
conservation training, outreach and technical assistance in 15 states. The
grants are part of USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, known as the 2501 Program. The grantees
will leverage USDA funds along with partner funding, and serve tribal groups in
Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin.

     $2.9 million in grants to help 20 Tribal colleges make equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and educational improvements. The grants will be
provided through USDA's Tribal College Initiative Grant program, which supports
tribal land grant colleges and universities. The program is an important source
of funding for higher education in Native American communities. In 2011 and
2013, USDA Rural Development awarded Nebraska Indian Community College two
grants totaling $280,000 to build a classroom and training facility for
construction and vehicle maintenance. The new, 4,000-square-foot facility is
large enough to provide hands-on training.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, U.S. government partners,
including USDA, signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) affirming the U.S.
government's commitment to protect tribal treaty rights and similar rights
relating to natural resources through enhanced interagency coordination and
collaboration. Additionally, another agreement was signed to extend an earlier
MOU regarding Native American sacred sites.



 Finally, in support of today's gathering of Tribal leaders in Washington, the
USDA Forest Service published a new final rule in the Federal Register ensuring
that federally recognized Indian tribes have access to forest products for
traditional and cultural purposes. For more information on this rule, please see
the Federal Register notice.



 USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and tribal communities
since 2009, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services,
including $553 million to build or upgrade more than 300 tribal facilities and
$55 million to support Native-owned businesses and economic development. To
better coordinate and target USDA support for challenged areas, USDA launched
the StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative in 2010. Today,
StrikeForce has invested more than $23.5 billion in 970 persistently-poor
counties, parishes, boroughs, census and Tribal areas across the nation. In
support of education, USDA supports scholarships for students to attend Tribal
Land-Grant Colleges and Universities, and provides additional funding to support
research and extension in American Indian communities. For more information on
Federal housing support programs in Indian country go to: www.usda.gov/otr.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
announced the historic Keepseagle settlement agreement with Native American
farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA established
the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to USDA programs
and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning, and socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. And to improve relations with Native
American tribes, USDA named the first Senior Advisor on Tribal Relations in
2012. For an interactive look at USDA's work to improve our Civil Rights record,
visit the USDA Results project on Medium.com This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. and read Chapter Eight: The People's Department: A New Era for Civil
Rights at USDA

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday
                               THU FINAL Edition

Denver group lands big ed grant

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 299 words


The American Indian College Fund in Denver beat more than 1,000 organizations to
win a piece of nearly $14 million of grant funding from the W.K. Kellogg
Foundation.

Only 30 organizations were selected, all with track records in implementing
transformative family engagement programs in early childhood education.

The total funding requests amounted to more than $500 million, the most ever
received for a funding opportunity in the foundation's 83 year history.

The American Indian College Fund will receive $500,000 to further develop its
early childhood education initiative.

"We had a lot of strong proposals, but the one overarching thing that attracted
us to them is that they are already doing parent engagement work in a culturally
sensitive and responsive way," said Felicia DeHaney, director of education and
learning at the Kellogg Foundation. "They stood out."

The American Indian College Fund, which celebrates its 25th anniversary this
year, has spent $77 million on college scholarships for American Indian
students, according to president and CEO Cheryl Crazy Bull.

"There's a tremendous need in tribal communities to provide a good foundation
for education," Crazy Bull said.

In 2011, the Kellogg Foundation awarded a $5 million grant to the fund to jump
start its early childhood education initiative by creating development centers
at tribal colleges and universities.

The new grant will focus on engaging families and kin groups in the child's
educational process.

"Education in tribal communities used to be very integrated with the
socialization of children, teaching children how to be within a family and a
community," said Crazy Bull. "Over the years, families have lost that role, ...
but we're giving that back to parents."

Colleen O'Connor: 303 954 1083, coconnor@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Integration and Analysis of BRAIN Initiative Data (R24)

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-257



    Funding Opportunity Title:



    BRAIN Initiative: Integration and Analysis of BRAIN Initiative Data (R24)



    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 26, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 26, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Nov 26, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      State governments

      County governments

      Special district governments

      Independent school districts

      Private institutions of higher education

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      City or township governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) solicits applications to
develop informatics tools for analyzing, visualizing, and integrating data
related to the BRAIN Initiative or to enhance our understanding of the brain.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-257.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: HHS announces new funding to preserve Native languages and strengthen
early childhood development and tribal courts

LENGTH: 1008  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Health & Human Services has issued the following news release:

Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia M. Burwell today announced up to $5.8
million to help tribal communities boost early learning and development
services, enhance native language revitalization efforts, and assess and improve
the handling of child welfare cases including abuse, neglect, guardianship and
adoption. HHS will award $4.2 million for Native American language
revitalization, $600,000 for the Tribal Early Learning Initiative (TELI), and $1
million for the Tribal Court Improvement Program (TCIP).

Secretary Burwell is on a trip to Montana where she is visiting the Flathead
Reservation, home of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, and the
Blackfeet Reservation.

"At HHS, we're committed to ensuring healthy, productive lives for families in
all communities" said HHS Secretary Sylvia M. Burwell. "Today's announcements
reinforce our commitment to ensure that tribal communities have access to high
quality services to help children thrive early in life, strengthen the tribal
justice system to provide for the well-being of children, and preserve Native
languages and culture."

Secretary Burwell announced the following funding awards:

Native American language revitalization: HHS, through the Administration for
Children and Families (ACF), is funding 17 new grants totaling $4.2 million to
help Native American language revitalization efforts. Use of Native languages
has been declining for decades. This funding will help preserve and strengthen
tribal communities' cultures and identities by supporting the use of Native
American languages.

One special category of Native language revitalization grants, the Esther
Martinez Immersion grants, will be awarded to the Confederated Salish and
Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Reservation of Montana to launch a language
immersion nest, serving children through age 3.  The Bitterroot Salish dialect,
spoken on the Flathead Reservation, is critically endangered with less than 1
percent of the tribal members using it for daily communication and only 30
fluent speakers, all over age 50.

Other Tribes and Native American organizations that will receive new funding for
Native Language projects include:  Stone Child College (Montanta), Chickaloon
Native Village (Arkansas), Passamaquoddy Tribe (Maine), Sitting Bull College
(North Dakota), Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde (Oregon), Little Traverse Bay
Bands of Odawa Indians (Michigan), Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish Band of Pottawatomi
Indians of Michigan (Michigan) Kaw Nation (Oklahoma), Igiugig Village
(Arkansas), Aleutian Pribilof Islands Association Inc. (Arkansas), the Federated
Indians of Graton Rancheria (California), Rural America Initiatives (South
Dakota), Red Cloud Indian School Inc. (South Dakota), Lakota Language Consortium
(Indiana), the 'Aha Kane Foundation for the Advancement of Native Hawaiian
(Hawaii), and Para I Probechu'n I Taotao-ta Inc. (Guam).
    Tribal Early Learning Initiative: ACF is funding $600,000 in awards to six
tribal entities, which compose the second group of the Tribal Early Learning
Initiative (TELI). To ensure that more children enter school healthy and ready
to learn, the TELI initiative supports American Indian tribes in coordinating
their early learning and development programs and in boosting the quality of
services offered to children and families during the time from
pregnancy-to-kindergarten.  The initiative is also part of the White House Rural
Council, led by U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack, to reduce child
poverty in rural communities, including tribal communities.

The TELI grants will be awarded to the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes
in Montana, Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma, Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, the
Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians in Oregon, the Inter-Tribal Council of
Michigan, and the Red Cliff Band of Lake Superior Chippewa in Wisconsin.

ACF is releasing a new report that highlights the innovative work of the first
group of TELI grantees:  the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, the Confederated Salish
and Kootenai Tribes, the Pueblo of San Felipe, and the White Earth Band of
Chippewa Nation. Over the past three years, these grantees have made major
strides in improving their early childhood services and ensuring more children
and their families are receiving the high-quality early learning experiences
they need to thrive.
    Tribal Court Improvement Program: ACF is awarding nine TCIP grants totaling
$1 million to the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, Muckleshoot Indian
Tribe of Washington, Ponca Indian Tribe of Nebraska, Citizen Potawatomi Nation,
the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, Taos Pueblo, the Sitka Tribe of Alaska, the Saint
Regis Mohawk Tribe and Smith River Rancheria.  Of the new awardees, only
Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes are repeat recipients.  Seven Tribes
were awarded grants in the first round of funding including: the Confederated
Salish and Kootenai Tribes, the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians of Michigan,
the Navajo Nation Judicial Branch and Pascua Yaqui Tribes of Arizona,
Minnesota's White Earth Band of Chippewa, the Washoe Tribe of Nevada and
California, and the Nooksack Indian Tribe of Washington.

The TCIP supports assessments of how tribal courts handle child welfare
proceedings and  helps make improvements to court processes to provide for the
safety, permanency, and well-being of children as set forth in the Adoption and
Safe Families Act (ASFA).  The program also seeks to increase and improve
engagement of the entire family in court processes relating to child welfare,
family preservation, family reunification, and adoption.  TCIP funding helps
ensure that children's safety, permanency, and well-being needs are met in a
timely and complete manner, and provides training for judges, attorneys, and
legal personnel in child welfare cases.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Standards to Define Experiments Related to the BRAIN
Initiative (R24)

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-256



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Standards to Define Experiments Related to the BRAIN
Initiative (R24)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 11, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 11, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Nov 11, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Independent school districts

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      City or township governments

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Private institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      State governments

      Special district governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      County governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) solicits applications to
develop standards that describe experimental protocols that are being conducted
as part of the BRAIN Initiative. It is expected that applications will solicit
community input at all stages of the process. It is recommended that the first
step of standard development will involve sharing data between different key
groups in the experimental community in order to ensure that the developing
standard will cover the way that all of those groups are collecting data. The
developed standard is expected to be made widely available.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-256.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Data Archives for the BRAIN Initiative (R24)

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-255



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Data Archives for the BRAIN Initiative (R24)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Sep 21, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 19, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 19, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Nov 19, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Private institutions of higher education

      City or township governments

      Independent school districts

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Special district governments

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      County governments

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      State governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Small businesses



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) solicits applications to
develop web-accessible data archives to capture, store, and curate data related
to BRAIN Initiative activities. The data archives will work with the research
community to incorporate tools that allow users to analyze and visualize the
data, but the creation of such tools is not part of this FOA. The data archives
will use appropriate standards to describe the data, but the creation of such
standards is not part of this FOA. A goal of this program is to advance research
by creating a community resource data archive with appropriate standards and
summary information that is broadly available and accessible to the research
community for furthering research.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-255.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 7, 2009 Wednesday

Forward funding tops tribal college priority list

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1037 words


Jan. 7--ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Carrie Billy, president of the American Indian Higher
Education Consortium, recently sat down for an interview to discuss her
organization's federal-level vision for tribal colleges. The Navajo
lawyer-turned-higher education expert also shared some of the challenges and
internal priorities of the United States and Canada's 37 TCUs that make up
AIHEC.

Indian Country Today: Do you think President-elect Obama's new administration
has positive plans in store for tribal colleges and universities?

Carrie Billy: We're excited about the new administration and opportunities that
we'll have to continue moving the tribal colleges forward. Last year, Congress
reauthorized the Higher Education Act, which included the Tribal College Act and
also the farm bill, which included [funding for] our land grant programs. -- One
of the main goals is to increase funding under those programs.

ICT: What's your top priority under the new administration?

CB: Number one with the administration and Congress is to achieve forward
funding for all the tribal colleges. They are the only institutions funded by
the Bureau of Indian Education that are not forward funded.

ICT: Explain forward funding.

CB: BIE K-12 schools actually receive a portion of their funding for the
academic year in advance. -- They get [some] funding for the next academic year
in the previous year. So, they're ready to start on the first day of school.

ICT: How do the tribal colleges cope without forward funding?

CB: The situation now is that the colleges' funding is appropriated annually by
Congress and then funded through the Department of Interior for their basic
operation. We've had a series of continuing resolution over the years, including
this year -- that all means until Congress gets an appropriation or a continuing
resolution passed, the tribal colleges don't receive their funding. So, there is
a delay. They should receive their funding on Oct. 1, the beginning of the
fiscal year. But they don't. In many cases, they don't get it for five or six
months into the fiscal year, which, of course, is off from our academic year. --
That means, to open doors at the beginning of the academic year, the tribal
colleges generally have to take out short-term loans, which are at a high
interest rate. Or they have to lay off staff, or they can't offer courses that
they wanted to. It's a real impediment to focusing on and delivering high
quality academic instruction.

In the long run, forward funding doesn't even increase cost to the federal
government because it's funding that would have been provided anyway.

ICT: Have you received any signs that the Obama administration is open to
working with you on forward funding?

CB: We've met with members of the transition team, and they know it's our top
priority.

ICT: In terms of Congress' role, how confident are you that it will be
supportive?

CB: Well, we've met with Sen. Byron Dorgan [D, N.D., chair of the Senate Indian
Affairs Committee] and other members of Congress to discuss the issue. We think
that they're supportive of it also. We think our chances are pretty good.

ICT: Beyond forward funding, what are some of your other priorities?

CB: Another priority for the new administration is the Executive Order on Tribal
Colleges and Universities. We want it revised to be more proactive and to hold
the federal agencies more accountable. -- We also hope to use the executive
order and possibly new legislation -- working with Congress and the
administration -- to establish some new renewable energy initiatives,
particularly [focused on] workforce development at tribal colleges. We have some
great models of renewable energy practices and programs at some of the tribal
colleges. -- We need to expand those kinds of programs. --

When the language is strong in the executive order, the federal agencies are
very attentive in trying to meet those mandates. Without a strong executive
order holding these agencies accountable, there's really no great incentive for
[them] to work with tribal colleges.

ICT: How does WHITCU [the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and
Universities] play into all of this?

CB: Well, it could be the central focal point for tribal colleges and for
getting the message out about tribal colleges within the administration, the
private sector, and also working with the tribal colleges to share and exchange
information about federal agencies and their programs.

I was the first executive director of WHITCU under the Clinton administration. I
used to say to the federal agencies, and to the people at the White House, that
part of my job was to be a thorn in their side: Be someone who didn't just
always talk about how great everything is. -- You have to have the courage to
say that within the administration, and the facts to back it up. -- The person
in that position really has to be aggressive.

ICT: What do you hope the Obama administration will do in terms of WHITCU?

CB: We hope that number one -- that they work closely with AIHEC and all the
tribal colleges. In the past, that hasn't happened a lot of times. -- We think
we have a lot to offer and information to share.

ICT: Internally, is getting more research on your students a big focus?

CB: I think continuing to be accountable to federal funders, private funders,
and to tribal college communities will always be a big focus for us. Now, we're
going to the next step. We want to build the internal research capacity of our
institutions. -- It's like a natural evolution.

ICT: How's the outlook in 2009 for establishing new tribal colleges?

CB: We definitely want to help grow new tribal colleges and help the existing
tribal colleges continue to flourish. We have made great progress in the spread
of tribal colleges. -- And we expect that growth to continue.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090107-IC-COLLEGE-FUNDS-20090107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: ND tribal colleges, Head Start programs receive federal funds

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 160 words


Nov. 04--U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., announced Monday more than $5.2
million in federal funding and loans will be available for tribal colleges and
Head Start programs in North Dakota.

Cankdeska Cikana Community College on the Spirit Lake Reservation will receive a
$4.5 million loan to assist in construction of a new, centrally located Head
Start facility and $145,302 for renovations and construction on campus.

Turtle Mountain Community College also will receive a grant of $145,302 for
roofing upgrades on the school's medical building.

Other tribal colleges throughout the state are receiving similar grants.

These loans and grants are from the United States Department of Agriculture's
Community Facility Direct Loan program and Community Facility Grant's Tribal
College initiative.

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141104-GF-BRF-ND-tribal-colleges
-Head-Start-programs-receive-federal-funds-1104-20141104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Obama Administration Announces New Resources to Help Ensure
Opportunity for Native Students

LENGTH: 2021  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education announced today new resources aimed at closing
the achievement gap so that all native students--whether in tribal or
traditional public schools--have the opportunity to succeed.



 The announcement builds on work by the Obama Administration to improve the
lives of American Indian and Alaska Native children and is a key element of his
Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative to help Native American youth. There
are more than 450,000 native students in America's public schools.





 Today, the Obama Administration is announcing:



     Approval of the first phase of the Navajo Nation's alternative
accountability system, which provides the tribe with the authority to implement
uniform standards, aligned assessments, an alternative measurements of student
success across its schools in multiple states; and

     A Dear Colleague Letter to states and districts on tribal consultations;
and

     Two new rounds of federal grants totaling nearly $25 million to support
native youth and educators.



 "All American-Indian and Alaska-Native students should have the support,
opportunities, and education that honor their identity and their unique
experiences, while providing them with the knowledge and skills to attain their
greatest aspirations," U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. said. "For
the Navajo, this alternative accountability system will give the tribe even more
autonomy to run its schools while also helping to ensure that students are
thriving."

 Navajo Nation Agreement



 The Department of Education, in partnership with the Department of the
Interior, has approved the first phase of the Navajo Nation's request to
implement an alternative system of accountability for schools. The new system
will unite 66 Bureau of Indian Education (BIE)-funded schools in New Mexico,
Arizona, and Utah and will allow the tribe to take greater control of the
education of its students under a single system of standards, assessments, and
accountability.



 The approval applies retroactively to the 2015-16 school year, as well as the
current school year. It also permits the Navajo to:



     Adopt and implement the same set of college-and-career-ready content
standards in reading/language, arts, and mathematics in all its schools, rather
than implementing the standards and assessments of each individual state where
schools are located;

     Select and administer an assessment that will be comparable across Navajo
schools in New Mexico, Utah, and Arizona;

     Set and use its own high school graduation rate targets and attendance for
elementary and middle schools in its accountability system.



 This approval continues the Administration's work to support Indian tribal
self-government and sovereignty, honor tribal treaty and other rights, and
strive to meet the responsibilities that arise from the unique relationship
between the federal and tribal governments.



 "Today marks an important milestone for the Navajo Nation and this
Administration's efforts to improve educational opportunities and outcomes for
Native youth," Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said. "The alternative
accountability system launched today provides a plan to replace a cumbersome
multi-state system and promote unified and rigorous standards, curriculum, and
student assessments that reflect the academic and cultural values of the Navajo
community. Recognizing the Navajo Nation's right to govern tribally-controlled
schools is another step in the President's Generation Indigenous initiative to
reform the Bureau of Indian Education system, raise student achievement, and
advance tribal self-determination and support tribal sovereignty."



 The agreement will be signed by King, Jewell and Navajo leaders in a formal
ceremony on Tuesday in Washington, D.C.

 Tribal consultation guidance



 The Education Department sent a Dear Colleague Letter to states outlining the
responsibility of certain districts to consult with tribal stakeholders as part
of implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act, which President Obama signed
into law in December 2015. For the first time ever, the law includes a new
requirement that affected school districts work with tribes on issues affecting
native students.



 Consultation will create opportunities for districts and tribal leaders to work
together on behalf of American Indian and Alaska Native students by gathering
input from tribes and tribal organizations and fostering the collaboration that
is a critical part of improving academic outcomes for Native students.



 Under the law, affected districts with tribal students must collect feedback
from tribes and tribal leaders on any plan or application for federal grants and
funds. These new consultation requirements take effect for the 2017-18 school
year.



 Over the last seven years, American Indian and Alaska Native students and
communities have made progress in reinvigorating efforts to preserve and restore
Native languages, in building tribal capacity to influence and control
educational decisions for Native students, and in beginning to raise awareness
about school climate issues that are unique to Indian country. ESSA supports
this work with a focus on tribal sovereignty and consultation; restoration and
preservation of native languages; and climate and suicide prevention.

 New grants



 The Education Department today named the 20 recipients of $6.7 million in
federal grants from the Indian Professional Development Program to help improve
education for native students and to promote high-quality educators to teach in
tribal-run schools or schools with large populations of native students.



 Grantees include Salish Kootenai College in Montana, which proposes to recruit,
enroll, educate, certify, and assist in the employment of 30 Native American
teacher candidates in elementary or early childhood P-3 education. Washington
State University will implement a culturally responsive project providing
support and training for 10 native participants who serve as teachers or
administrators in tribal communities in the region. At Elmira College in New
York, the institution will prepare indigenous teacher education students to
become highly qualified indigenous teachers who will then support and promote
the academic success of their students and contribute to nation-building efforts
of their nations.



 The full list of grantees:

 Name     State     FY16 funding

 ABOR/Northern Arizona University     AZ     $230,630

 AZ Board of Regents, U of AZ     AZ     $158,361

 The CSU, Chico Research Foundation     CA     $249,757

 Regents of the University of Idaho     ID     $948,647

 Fond du Lac Tribal College     MN     $999,314

 Blackfeet Community College     MT     $214,691

 Montana State University     MT     $252,012

 Salish Kootenai College     MT     $770,020

 Stone Child College     MT     $547,425

 University of North Carolina Pembroke     NC     $583,423

 Sitting Bull College     ND     $798,026

 University of Mary     ND     $981,075

 Board of Regents, University of Nebraska, University of Nebraska-Lincoln     NE
$529,781

 The Regents of the University of New Mexico     NM     $247,892

 Elmira College     NY     $500,365

 American Indian Resource Center, Inc.     OK     $541,033

 Portland State University     OR     $873,113

 University of Oregon     OR     $221,634

 Washington State University     WA     $245,930



 Through the $18.2 million Native Youth Community Projects grants, community-led
projects will help American Indian and Alaska Native students become college-and
career-ready. Each grant will support a coordinated, focused approach chosen by
a community partnership that includes a tribe, local schools, and other
organizations. For example, the program allows tribes to identify
culturally-appropriate, community-specific supports for college and career
readiness--whether it's early learning, language immersion or mental health
services.



 The Department is awarding grants to 32 recipients in 13 states that will
impact more than 30 tribes and 48 schools.



 Grantees include the Tunica-Biloxi Tribe of Louisiana, which will partner with
local tribes, organizations, and Tulane University to reduce drop-out rates,
improve academic performance, and school completion rates among Tunica-Biloxi
tribal students. The Pine Ridge Chamber of Commerce in South Dakota plans to
increase the percentage of Oglala Lakota youth who successfully transition from
high school to jobs or higher education through participating in life skills
training designed to promote healing from trauma as well as increased
self-sufficiency.



 Lower Kuskokwim School District. The Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma will provide
wrap-around educational and family services model for native youth that will
provide social and emotional learning supports and college and career readiness
through ACT, PSAT, and Advanced Placement courses.

 Name     State     FY16 funding

 Alaska Gateway School District     AK     $859,407

 Annette Island School District     AK     $224,016

 Goldbelt Heritage Foundation     AK     $998,696

 Chugach School District     AK     $542,078

 Kake City School District     AK     $194,708

 Kenaitze Indian Tribe     AK     $231,507

 Kodiak Island Borough School District     AK     $999,554

 Lower Kuskokwim School District     AK     $968,052

 Northwest Arctic Borough School District     AK     $983,293

 Yukon Flats School District     AK     $999,665

 Gila River Indian Community     AZ     $975,772

 Quechan Indian Tribe     AZ     $272,367

 Pinoleville Pomo Nation     CA     $823,422

 Karuk Tribe     CA     $252,012

 San Diego County Superintendent of Schools     CA     $250,679

 Coeur d'Alene Tribe     ID     $583,423

 Sabine Parish School Board     LA     $825,125

 Tunica-Biloxi Tribe of Louisiana     LA     $569,425

 Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe     MA     $231,123

 Salish Kootenai College     MT     $890,143

 Stone Child College     MT     $551,282

 Turtle Mountain Community College     ND     $259,028

 American Indian Science and Engineering Society     NM     $182,445

 The Chickasaw Nation     OK     $999,314

 Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma     OK     $329,042

 Citizen Potawatomi Nation     OK     $117,411

 Stilwell Public Schools     OK     $542,865

 Jefferson County School District 509-J     OR     $257,162

 Little Wound School District     SD     $910,020

 Pine Ridge Area Chamber of Commerce     SD     $249,757

 Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate     SD     $999,539

 San Juan School District, UT     UT     $998,775

 Improving Educational Outcomes for Native Communities



 The Obama Administration is committed to finding solutions to the pressing
problems that confront Native youth, with an emphasis on education, economic
development, and health.



 According to recent Education Department statistics, the graduation rate for
American Indian students has increased by more than four percentage points over
two years, outpacing the growth for all students. The graduation rate for
American Indian students increased from 65 percent in 2010-11 to 69.7 percent in
2012-13. Despite these gains, the graduation rate for American Indian students
is lower than the national rate of 81 percent.



 A 2014 White House Native Youth Report cites Bureau of Indian Education schools
fare even worse, with a graduation rate of 53 percent in 2011-12. To address the
critical educational needs of these students, the Obama Administration's
Blueprint for Reform, an initiative of the White House Council on Native
American Affairs chaired by Jewell, is restructuring Interior's BIE from a
provider of education to a capacity-builder and education service-provider to
tribes.



 In addition to reforming the BIE into a service-provider to tribal schools, the
Obama Administration is supporting other efforts to improve educational
opportunities for Native communities, through initiatives such as:



     National Tribal Youth Network:supports leadership development and provides
peer support through an interactive online portal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: Testers Bill to Create Jobs and Launch Businesses Clears Senate
Indian Affairs Committee With Bipartisan Support

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 The Senate Indian Affairs Committee today passed Senator Jon Tester's bill that
will help create jobs and launch businesses in Indian Country.





 Tester's bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will create
a competitive grant initiative to establish and fund business incubators in
Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate Native American-owned small
businesses.



 "Native entrepreneurs shouldn't have to leave their communities so they can get
the training they need to start a business," Tester said. "Tribal business
incubators can provide aspiring Native American entrepreneurs with the specific
resources they need to navigate the unique challenges in Indian Country. I
believe this bill will empower tribal entities to build the kind of business
landscape in their community that will allow economic development to thrive."



 Tribal business incubators will create a space for Native American businesses
to receive assistance in developing a business plan, navigating federal, tribal,
and state regulations, and attracting outside investment. The incubators will
also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and professional networking
opportunities.



 Tester's bill would authorize $5 million annually to fund this economic
development initiative.



 Tribes, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. Tester is additionally pushing
legislation forward that will increase construction and expand the capabilities
of Tribal Colleges and Universities.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must:



     Serve one or more tribal communities.

     Submit a three-year plan.

     Provide a physical workspace.

     Offer business skills training and education.







 The Native American Business Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight
to business incubators and ensure they are delivering on their commitment to
Native American entrepreneurs.



 The Native American Business Incubators Program Act passed on a bipartisan
vote. The bill is cosponsored by Senators Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), Lisa
Murkowski (R-Alaska), and Tom Udall (D-N.M.),



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Testers Bill to Create Jobs and Launch Businesses Clears Senate
Indian Affairs Committee With Bipartisan Support

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 The Senate Indian Affairs Committee today passed Senator Jon Tester's bill that
will help create jobs and launch businesses in Indian Country.





 Tester's bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will create
a competitive grant initiative to establish and fund business incubators in
Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate Native American-owned small
businesses.



 "Native entrepreneurs shouldn't have to leave their communities so they can get
the training they need to start a business," Tester said. "Tribal business
incubators can provide aspiring Native American entrepreneurs with the specific
resources they need to navigate the unique challenges in Indian Country. I
believe this bill will empower tribal entities to build the kind of business
landscape in their community that will allow economic development to thrive."



 Tribal business incubators will create a space for Native American businesses
to receive assistance in developing a business plan, navigating federal, tribal,
and state regulations, and attracting outside investment. The incubators will
also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and professional networking
opportunities.



 Tester's bill would authorize $5 million annually to fund this economic
development initiative.



 Tribes, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. Tester is additionally pushing
legislation forward that will increase construction and expand the capabilities
of Tribal Colleges and Universities.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must:



     Serve one or more tribal communities.

     Submit a three-year plan.

     Provide a physical workspace.

     Offer business skills training and education.







 The Native American Business Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight
to business incubators and ensure they are delivering on their commitment to
Native American entrepreneurs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton and Tribal Leaders Announce $880,000 Grant to help
American Indian Adults Develop Skills for Careers and College

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Governor Mark Dayton and American Indian leaders today announced an $880,000
grant to create the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative. The initiative will
provide American Indian adult learners opportunities to develop skills for
careers and college in an innovative, culturally contextualized learning
environment rooted in indigenous culture. In the first year alone, the program
is expected to allow 150 American Indian adult learners to attain their high
school diploma equivalencies, and access job training for in-demand careers in
fields such as health care and information technology.





 "The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," said Governor
Dayton. "I thank the Northwest Indian Community Development Center, the American
Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center, and Minnesota's Tribal Leaders
for their stewardship of this initiative. Providing all Minnesotans access to
educational opportunities will help build an economy that works better for all
Minnesotans."



 During the 2016 Legislative Session, the American Indian Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Northwest Indian Community Development Center
advocated for the $880,000 one-time grant. In future years, an ongoing grant of
$250,000 is expected to sustain the program, while further increasing access for
additional adult learners.



 Having a high school diploma or GED increases the earning power of individuals
by 37.5 percent - that is nearly a $10,000 per year median wage increase, which
can make a significant difference for a Minnesota family. However, only about 50
percent of American-Indian high school students currently attain a diploma
within four years. The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will provide these
Minnesotans opportunities to earn their diplomas, further their educations, and
gain access to in-demand careers.



 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith worked with the Legislature in 2016 to
secure this funding as part of their broader commitment to expanding economic
opportunity and alleviating disparities for all Minnesotans. Overall, the
Governor and the Lt. Governor worked with the Legislature to secure a $35
million investment for high-impact strategies to close racial economic
disparities, and build an economy that works better for everyone, everywhere in
Minnesota.



 Expanding Economic Opportunities for Minnesota's Tribal Nations

 In addition to the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative, Governor Dayton and
Lt. Governor Smith also worked with the Legislature to provide the White Earth
Nation a $500,000 one-time grant with $125,000 in on-going funding. The new
investment is being used to create the White Earth Nation Integrated Business
Development System, which will provide business assistance, workforce
development support, financing, and technical and operational support to help
local entrepreneurs start and expand their businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton and Tribal Leaders Announce $880,000 Grant to help
American Indian Adults Develop Skills for Careers and College

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Governor Mark Dayton and American Indian leaders today announced an $880,000
grant to create the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative. The initiative will
provide American Indian adult learners opportunities to develop skills for
careers and college in an innovative, culturally contextualized learning
environment rooted in indigenous culture. In the first year alone, the program
is expected to allow 150 American Indian adult learners to attain their high
school diploma equivalencies, and access job training for in-demand careers in
fields such as health care and information technology.





 "The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," said Governor
Dayton. "I thank the Northwest Indian Community Development Center, the American
Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center, and Minnesota's Tribal Leaders
for their stewardship of this initiative. Providing all Minnesotans access to
educational opportunities will help build an economy that works better for all
Minnesotans."



 During the 2016 Legislative Session, the American Indian Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Northwest Indian Community Development Center
advocated for the $880,000 one-time grant. In future years, an ongoing grant of
$250,000 is expected to sustain the program, while further increasing access for
additional adult learners.



 Having a high school diploma or GED increases the earning power of individuals
by 37.5 percent - that is nearly a $10,000 per year median wage increase, which
can make a significant difference for a Minnesota family. However, only about 50
percent of American-Indian high school students currently attain a diploma
within four years. The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will provide these
Minnesotans opportunities to earn their diplomas, further their educations, and
gain access to in-demand careers.



 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith worked with the Legislature in 2016 to
secure this funding as part of their broader commitment to expanding economic
opportunity and alleviating disparities for all Minnesotans. Overall, the
Governor and the Lt. Governor worked with the Legislature to secure a $35
million investment for high-impact strategies to close racial economic
disparities, and build an economy that works better for everyone, everywhere in
Minnesota.



 Expanding Economic Opportunities for Minnesota's Tribal Nations

 In addition to the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative, Governor Dayton and
Lt. Governor Smith also worked with the Legislature to provide the White Earth
Nation a $500,000 one-time grant with $125,000 in on-going funding. The new
investment is being used to create the White Earth Nation Integrated Business
Development System, which will provide business assistance, workforce
development support, financing, and technical and operational support to help
local entrepreneurs start and expand their businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

City, schools, tribe partner up to seek federal grant

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Feb. 01--Several local entities have partnered together in seeking a federal
grant that could amount to $30 million over five years for use in the Corning
area.

"If we receive the grant, it would be used to improve the educational and
developmental outcome of children from cradle to college," said City Councilman
Tony Cardenas, a member of the Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative's
Leadership Team.

The team is lead by the Paskenta Band of Nomlaki Indians and consists of the
Corning, Corning Union Elementary School District, Corning Union High School
District, Tehama County Department of Education, Shasta College, Tehama County
Probation Department, Tehama County Health Services Agency, Seed Ministries,and
the Center for Evaluation and Research.

The target "neighborhood" of the initiative's focus includes Paskenta Band of
Nomlaki Indians tribal lands and Corning.

The partnership states this area has one of the highest rates of poverty,
unemployment and crime in the state, that all schools in the area have been
designated as "low performing," and all schools are in program improvement
through the state's Department of Educ tion.

The City Council endorsed of the project's memorandum of understanding and its
six core beliefs related to its own integrity, community input, the well-being
of children as a first priority, school academics, and accessing reliable data
to make informed decisions.

The team has already successfully applied for a $500,000 grant specifically for
building and planning the initiative for submission to US Department of
Education. The partnership was one of 10 communities nationwide to receive this
grant.

This will be accomplished in steps, according to the team.

The first step is an in-depth need assessment and planning process which will
lead to a "continuum of solutions."

Steps two and three include prioritization and development of a mutual
accountability plan.

"Once needs, gaps, and barriers to service are clearly qualified, collaborators
identify model programs and best practices using the program model tool," state
initiative documents.

The goal of the initiative is to "build a seamless continuum of solutions that
builds upon local resources to create sustainable systems change."

During the planning stage, the partnership team will develop Promise Neighbor
indicators which will guide the entire process.

Once completed and submitted to the US Department of Education, the Everett
Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative will go through a competitive grant
process.

The initiative was named after former Paskenta tribal leader Everett Freeman,
who was known for his dedication to children, education and his community.
Freeman served as the tribe's chairman from 1994 until his death in 2010.

___ (c)2013 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.corning-observer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130201-YF-City-schools-tribe-partner-up-to-seek-federal-grant
-0201-20130201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2013 Corning Observer


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

NMSU researcher finds tribal wisdom, business ethics more related than they seem

BYLINE: By Amanda Bradford ambradfo@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


LAS CRUCES >> Relationships. Sharing. Trust. Usefulness. These are some of the
attributes that are highly valued in indigenous cultures. Meanwhile, recent
headlines outside these tribal communities too often relate tales of how some
business leaders have breached the public trust and prioritized personal gain
rather than helping others.

But research going on in New Mexico State University's College of Business has
shown that commonalities do exist between business ethics and tribal wisdom.

Grace Ann Rosile is studying how Native American tribal values can be applied in
today's business world. Today, technology has created a "global village" and
these ancient ethical perspectives, which come from tribal communities, suddenly
seem relevant again.

Rosile, an associate professor of management at NMSU's College of Business, has
been a Daniels Fund Ethics fellow since 2010, when the university received a
$1.25 million grant to develop a principle-based ethics program over five years.
The grant is part of the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative, with a goal to
strengthen principle-based ethics education and foster a high standard of ethics
in young people.

In the paper, "Comparing Daniels Principles of Business Ethics and Tribal
Ethics," Rosile and her co-authors, NMSU colleagues Don Pepion, associate
professor of anthropology and a member of the Blackfeet Tribe; David Boje,
business professor; and Joe Gladstone, assistant professor of public health
administration and member of the Blackfeet and Nez Perce tribes, identified
"Eight Aspects of Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics."

Relationships: Relationships are of primary importance and the key to survival.

Gifting rather than getting: Giving is valued and conveys higher status than
getting.

Non-acquisitiveness: The wealth economy discourages hoarding because there is
"enough," and sharing and gifting is more important.

Usefulness: Use is more important than possession, thus community property is
common.

Egalitarianism over hierarchy: Equality of voice contributes to consensus and
unity.

Trust: Trust is the foundation for good relationships and is highly valued.

Disclosure: Trading partners volunteer information to build relationships.

Barter systems: Barter emphasizes usefulness of goods rather than accumulation.

Rosile worked with local filmmakers to produce a 30-minute video that explores
some of the common themes that unite business ethics and tribal ethics. The "
Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics" film is an effective teaching and outreach
tool, she said, because it presents traditional ideas from an indigenous
perspective.

"It doesn't work as well when we as researchers try to say what these Native
people are saying," she said. "We have to let them speak for themselves."

The film -- along with six accompanying teaching videos that are about 10 to 15
minutes each -- serves as a platform and showcase for the scholarly work that's
being done in tribal ethics, she said.

"Tribal wisdom," Rosile says in the film, "is about what people have learned
through the centuries about living together in harmony. In harmony with each
other -- that individuals in the group do not need to be in conflict -- and in
harmony with the whole universe -- with Earth, the rocks, the plants, the trees
-- and with humans, all living in a harmonious, balanced world."

The research is part of the outreach goal of the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative,
expanding ethics education in the region, said Bruce Huhmann, an associate
professor of marketing who is the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative Chair.

"I think we can all learn a lot by seeing the similarities in ethical principles
across cultures," Huhmann said of the research. "Many of the tribal ethics
principles documented by Rosile and her colleagues are shared in other cultures,
although each culture does have its own unique ways of expressing and living
those ethical principles."

As part of the third annual Quantum Storytelling Conference being held Dec. 15
to 17 in Las Cruces, a pair of special presentations is planned from 1 to 3 p.m.
and 3:15 to 4:45 p.m. Dec. 16 in Milton Hall Room 50 on the NMSU campus. The
talks, co-sponsored by the NMSU Teaching Academy, are titled "Quantum,
Indigenous and Living Story: A Nexus of Science, Art and Ethics," and will
feature Greg Cajete, director of Native American Studies at the University of
New Mexico; Leroy Little Bear and Amethyst Beverly First Rider, both of the
University of Lethbridge in Canada; and Don Pepion, an NMSU anthropology
professor and former head of American Indian Programs at NMSU, along with Rosile
and Boje.

Little Bear is the former director of the American Indian Program at Harvard
University and professor emeritus of Native Studies at the University of
Lethbridge, where he was department chair for 25 years. First Rider teaches
Native literature and Native drama in the Native American Studies Department at
the University of Lethbridge. Her master's thesis was "Sweet Grass Visions: The
Combination of Trickster and Theatre for the Transmission of Culture (1994)."

For information on the Quantum Storytelling Conference or the special
presentations, visitquantumstorytelling.org or contact Rosile
atgarosile@nmsu.edu .

Rosile and her team are also planning a gathering in fall 2014 that will bring
together people featured in the "Tribal Wisdom" films with other indigenous
scholars, as well as Native American business leaders and students, to explore
ways that Native values regarding science, art and ethics can inform ethics
education.

A trailer for the film, "Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics," along with
information on the teaching films and accompanying materials, can be found on
the NMSU College of Business Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative
website,http://business.nmsu.edu/programs -centers/daniels-ethics.

"Eye on Research" is provided by New Mexico State University. This week's
feature was written by Amanda Bradford of University Communications.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

ASU, San Carlos Apache Tribe enter historic agreement to establish new tribal
college

LENGTH: 666  words

DATELINE: Mesa


Arizona State University has issued the following news release:

Arizona State University has entered into a historic agreement with the San
Carlos Apache Tribe in southeastern Arizona that will bring a college to the
tribal nation, as well as programs that benefit youth and emphasize healthy
lifestyles.

"ASU has one of the largest populations of Native American students of any
college or university in the country, and we are enriched by the presence of our
Native students, faculty and staff," said ASU President Michael M. Crow. "The
Apache tribal college will prepare students for the rigors of university studies
and encourage more of them to pursue a four-year degree at ASU and other
institutions. We look forward to working with the San Carlos Apache Tribe to
help more Native students realize their dream of obtaining a college education."

"A tribal college operated by and for Apaches will help secure the future of the
tribe, not just as a means for sustainable economic development, but as a
critical institution to preserve our language, our culture and our history. Our
partnership with ASU will greatly assist the tribe with making a tribal college
a reality," said Terry Rambler, chairman of the San Carlos Apache Tribe.

ASU administrators will work to advise the tribe in establishing the college's
operating guidelines, articles of incorporation and accreditation standards, as
well as support for credit transfer partnerships, said John Tippeconnic, ASU
American Indian Studies director. Maria Hesse, ASU vice provost for academic
partnerships, will work on ensuring seamless transfers for students.

"We anticipate that students who begin at the Apache tribal college will be able
to easily transfer into majors at ASU, and we will build curricular pathways
that ensure they have the right preparation for university success," Hesse said.

A tribal college will also help youth continue their studies after completing
high school.

"Aiding in the design of a tribal college will enable San Carlos tribal youth
and adults to bridge the gap between high school and the four-year university.
This effort will provide a pipeline for students to earn college credit during
their first two years and then transfer to ASU," Tippeconnic said.

Tippeconnic has first-hand knowledge of the process since he was instrumental in
building Comanche Nation College in Oklahoma. Diane Humetewa, former special
adviser to the president for American Indian Affairs, was instrumental in
bringing the agreement to fruition.

ASU will consult with the tribe in facility design and curriculum. Students from
the ASU Del E. Webb School of Construction will benefit from the planning,
design and construction processes as the new tribal college is shared as a best
practice that will be showcased at ASU-sponsored events.

Through the agreement, a Native American Achievement Program that is
administered through ASU American Indian Student Support Services will provide
academic counseling and personal support.

"This will help incoming first-year freshmen and transfer student recipients of
San Carlos Apache tribal grants and scholarships to succeed academically and
socially at ASU," said Michael Begaye, American Indian Student Support Services
director.

The memorandum of understanding also supports the tribe's Sports Camp and
Healthy Lifestyles Initiatives by advising the tribe on nutrition and fitness
best practices, as well as identifying university fitness, sports and nutrition
awareness activities that may benefit the tribe.

San Carlos Apache Youth leadership initiatives will involve ASU support in
endeavors such as advisement on best practices to engage youth in academic and
community leadership, hosting youth from the tribe for leadership through public
speaking and writing skills support when available, as well as jointly
researching grants and funding for youth participation in summer bridge programs
that support incoming ASU students.

For more information please visit: https://campus.asu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

ASU, San Carlos Apache Tribe enter historic agreement to establish new tribal
college

LENGTH: 666  words

DATELINE: Mesa


Arizona State University has issued the following news release:

Arizona State University has entered into a historic agreement with the San
Carlos Apache Tribe in southeastern Arizona that will bring a college to the
tribal nation, as well as programs that benefit youth and emphasize healthy
lifestyles.

"ASU has one of the largest populations of Native American students of any
college or university in the country, and we are enriched by the presence of our
Native students, faculty and staff," said ASU President Michael M. Crow. "The
Apache tribal college will prepare students for the rigors of university studies
and encourage more of them to pursue a four-year degree at ASU and other
institutions. We look forward to working with the San Carlos Apache Tribe to
help more Native students realize their dream of obtaining a college education."

"A tribal college operated by and for Apaches will help secure the future of the
tribe, not just as a means for sustainable economic development, but as a
critical institution to preserve our language, our culture and our history. Our
partnership with ASU will greatly assist the tribe with making a tribal college
a reality," said Terry Rambler, chairman of the San Carlos Apache Tribe.

ASU administrators will work to advise the tribe in establishing the college's
operating guidelines, articles of incorporation and accreditation standards, as
well as support for credit transfer partnerships, said John Tippeconnic, ASU
American Indian Studies director. Maria Hesse, ASU vice provost for academic
partnerships, will work on ensuring seamless transfers for students.

"We anticipate that students who begin at the Apache tribal college will be able
to easily transfer into majors at ASU, and we will build curricular pathways
that ensure they have the right preparation for university success," Hesse said.

A tribal college will also help youth continue their studies after completing
high school.

"Aiding in the design of a tribal college will enable San Carlos tribal youth
and adults to bridge the gap between high school and the four-year university.
This effort will provide a pipeline for students to earn college credit during
their first two years and then transfer to ASU," Tippeconnic said.

Tippeconnic has first-hand knowledge of the process since he was instrumental in
building Comanche Nation College in Oklahoma. Diane Humetewa, former special
adviser to the president for American Indian Affairs, was instrumental in
bringing the agreement to fruition.

ASU will consult with the tribe in facility design and curriculum. Students from
the ASU Del E. Webb School of Construction will benefit from the planning,
design and construction processes as the new tribal college is shared as a best
practice that will be showcased at ASU-sponsored events.

Through the agreement, a Native American Achievement Program that is
administered through ASU American Indian Student Support Services will provide
academic counseling and personal support.

"This will help incoming first-year freshmen and transfer student recipients of
San Carlos Apache tribal grants and scholarships to succeed academically and
socially at ASU," said Michael Begaye, American Indian Student Support Services
director.

The memorandum of understanding also supports the tribe's Sports Camp and
Healthy Lifestyles Initiatives by advising the tribe on nutrition and fitness
best practices, as well as identifying university fitness, sports and nutrition
awareness activities that may benefit the tribe.

San Carlos Apache Youth leadership initiatives will involve ASU support in
endeavors such as advisement on best practices to engage youth in academic and
community leadership, hosting youth from the tribe for leadership through public
speaking and writing skills support when available, as well as jointly
researching grants and funding for youth participation in summer bridge programs
that support incoming ASU students.

For more information please visit: https://campus.asu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Basic Mechanisms of Brain Development Mediating Substance Use and Dependence
(R01)

LENGTH: 673  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PA-17-119

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Basic Mechanisms of Brain Development Mediating
Substance Use and Dependence (R01)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Jan 10, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Jan 10, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Jan 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Jan 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Feb 07, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Native American tribal governments (Federally
recognized)

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Independent school districts

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 City or township governments

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Private institutions of higher education

 Small businesses

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 State governments

 County governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Special district governments

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) encourages
applications from investigators that propose to study the developing brain or
brain areas that play significant roles in mediating emotional and motivated
behavior and in substance use and dependence. All stages of brain development
are of interest, but a new emphasis of the current reissue of this initiative is
to support basic neuroscience research on fundamental mechanisms of brain
development during prepuberty and the adolescent period in relation to the
problems of substance abuse and co-morbidity with psychiatric disorders. Topics
of interest pertaining to brain development of this initiative include, but are
not limited to, the euphoric properties of abused substances, actions of
psychotherapeutic agents, and their consequences on memory, cognitive and
emotional processes. A major goal of this initiative is to understand how
exposure to substances of abuse and environmental insults affects the cellular
and molecular mechanisms underlying nervous system development and neural
circuit functions implicated in substance use and addiction.

 Link to Additional Information:    http://grants.nih.gov/grants/
guide/pa-files/PA-17-119.html

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



 If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: New Concepts and Early-Stage Research for Large-Scale
Recording and Modulation in the Nervous System (R21)

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-EY-17-001



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: New Concepts and Early-Stage Research for Large-Scale
Recording and Modulation in the Nervous System (R21)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    15



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Sep 20, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Sep 20, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Dec 07, 2016



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Dec 07, 2016



         Archive Date:

         Jan 07, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $6,000,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $200,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Small businesses

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Private institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      County governments

      State governments

      Independent school districts

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Special district governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      A central goal of the BRAIN Initiative is to understand how electrical and
chemical signals code information in neural circuits and give rise to
sensations, thoughts, emotions and actions. While currently available
technologies can provide some understanding, they may not be sufficient to
accomplish this goal. For example, non-invasive technologies are low resolution
and/or provide indirect measures such as blood flow, which are imprecise;
invasive technologies can provide information at the level of single neurons
producing the fundamental biophysical signals, but they can only be applied to
tens or hundreds of neurons, out of a total number in the human brain estimated
at 85 billion.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-EY-17-001.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 3, 2002 Sunday

Project will look at tribal college

LENGTH: 259 words


AMES, Iowa (AP) -- Iowa State University has received a $3.9 million grant to
lead a partnership aimed at strengthening natural resources education in
communities served by American Indian colleges in the middle Missouri River
watershed. The grant was awarded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Initiative for the Future Agriculture and Food Systems program.

The grant is one of the largest ever received by Iowa State for an integrated
teaching, extension and research program. Conducting the project will be ISU and
North Dakota State University, South Dakota State University and the University
of Nebraska. Tribal colleges involved are Fort Berthold Community College and
Sitting Bull College, both in North Dakota; Sinte Gleska University in South
Dakota; and Nebraska Indian Community College. The federal government granted
land-grant status to these and 29 other tribal colleges nationwide in 1994. The
program is designed to benefit students, farmers, ranchers and community members
served by the tribal colleges that live in an area running from northern North
Dakota to the Iowa-Nebraska border. "Although there are increasing concerns on
water pollution and management of natural resources in the watershed, few
opportunities have existed for partnering to conduct research, teaching and
extension projects," said Harold Crawford, the project co-leader and an Iowa
State University professor of agricultural education and studies. The
institutional partners will design and conduct research and extension projects,
and release the results.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Model Continuums of Care Initiative (MCCI) for Women and Girls at Risk and
Living With HIV/AIDS and Harmful Alcohol and Associated Comorbidities Planning
Cooperative Agreement (U34)

LENGTH: 888 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-AA-17-013



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Model Continuums of Care Initiative (MCCI) for Women and Girls at Risk and
Living With HIV/AIDS and Harmful Alcohol and Associated Comorbidities Planning
Cooperative Agreement (U34)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 2



         Posted Date:

         Sep 23, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 17, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 04, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Feb 04, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:

         $225,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Private institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      County governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      Independent school districts

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      City or township governments

      State governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic
(non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Institutions) are not eligible to apply.
Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of U.S. Organizations are not eligible to
apply. Foreign components, as defined in the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are
not allowed.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      The purpose of the Model Continuums of Care Initiative (MCCI) for Women
and Girls at Risk and Living with HIV/AIDS and Harmful Alcohol and Associated
Comorbidities Initiative is to promote the development and evaluation of
integrated multilevel interventions to reduce alcohol consumption as a key
approach to preventing new infections and enhancing treatment adherence in
communities in the U.S. where racial and ethnic minority women bear a
disproportionate share of the HIV/AIDS disease burden. Using the U34 Planning
Cooperative Agreement mechanism and a community-based participatory research
approach, MCCI will support implementation and operations research to: 1)
Improve screening and early engagement in care; 2) Enhance retention in care; 3)
Improve medication adherence; and 4) Address the role of alcohol in the adoption
of female-controlled HIV prevention strategies as they become available for
implementation (i.e., microbicides, PrEP). Results of this research will provide
the evidence base for the development of more effective systems of care for
women and girls at risk and living with HIV, including pregnant mothers who
engage in risky drinking and other substance use.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-AA-17-013.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 704 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

Penny Pritzker, U.S. Department of Commerce secretary, said in an Oct. 15 press
release that the grant money will help coal-based communities transition to new
forms of energy.

"Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration has
committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape," Pritzker said in the release. "The POWER grants announced today by
EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs, diversify
its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century."

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including increased use of
natural gas, falling costs for renewable energy, increased energy efficiency,
and tighter air-pollution regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers and diversify
the local economy.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The college has targeted job sectors in fields that need workers and pay a
salary commensurate with coal mining. Average annual salaries for coal miners at
the two local mines 20 miles west of Farmington are $70,000 or more.

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report expected to be
released in about a year that will assess the coal and related industries and
make recommendations on ways to diversify the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

Kiely said his group would seek input and ideas from a variety of sources,
including the college, energy industries, Farmington-based Four Corners Economic
Development and economic development organizations in Gallup and Cibola County
communities.

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton is the business editor of The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 704 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

Penny Pritzker, U.S. Department of Commerce secretary, said in an Oct. 15 press
release that the grant money will help coal-based communities transition to new
forms of energy.

"Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration has
committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape," Pritzker said in the release. "The POWER grants announced today by
EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs, diversify
its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century."

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including increased use of
natural gas, falling costs for renewable energy, increased energy efficiency,
and tighter air-pollution regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers and diversify
the local economy.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The college has targeted job sectors in fields that need workers and pay a
salary commensurate with coal mining. Average annual salaries for coal miners at
the two local mines 20 miles west of Farmington are $70,000 or more.

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report expected to be
released in about a year that will assess the coal and related industries and
make recommendations on ways to diversify the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

Kiely said his group would seek input and ideas from a variety of sources,
including the college, energy industries, Farmington-based Four Corners Economic
Development and economic development organizations in Gallup and Cibola County
communities.

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton is the business editor of The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds $429,000 for Tribal Colleges in
Mid-Michigan and the Upper Peninsula

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow applauded $429,000 for tribal colleges in
Isabella, Chippewa, and Baraga Counties from the United States Department of
Agriculture Rural Development program. This grant comes from the Tribal College
Initiative Grant program which provides funding to tribal colleges to make
capital improvements to their educational facilities and to purchase equipment.





 Keweenaw Bay Ojibwa Community College will receive $143,000 to make campus
improvements. Bay Mills Community College will receive $143,000 to purchase
early learning and business equipment. Saginaw Chippewa Tribal College will
receive $143,000 to upgrade classroom technology and purchase new library
equipment, fixtures and furniture.



 "This investment will help our students receive a quality education and learn
the skills they need to earn a good-paying job after graduation," said Senator
Stabenow. "This announcement underscores USDA's important partnership with
tribal communities to support education and economic development."



 "We greatly appreciate Senator Stabenow and the availability of this funding,
as it provides much needed support for college infrastructure and services,"
said Michael C. Parish, President of the Bay Mills Community College. "This
year's funding will be used to support student services through the provision of
laptops and calculators which can be loaned to those students needing the
technology.  In addition, the Waishkey Bay farm will see significant upgrades,
including those made to the barn, classroom building and outbuildings.  Our main
classroom facility will receive new tables and chairs, as well as some office
furniture and laptop computers for student use.  Our IT department will utilize
funds to upgrade computer networking and firewalls."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Research Opportunities Using Invasive Neural Recording and
Stimulating Technologies in the Human Brain (U01)

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-019



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Research Opportunities Using Invasive Neural Recording and
Stimulating Technologies in the Human Brain (U01)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    5



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 01, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 01, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 01, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 01, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 04, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $5,800,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      County governments

      State governments

      Special district governments

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      City or township governments

      Small businesses

      Independent school districts

      Private institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic
(non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Institutions) are not eligible to apply.
Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of U.S. Organizations are not eligible to
apply. Foreign components, as defined in the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are
allowed.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      Invasive surgical procedures provide the unique ability to record and
stimulate neurons within precisely localized brain structures in humans. Human
studies using invasive technology are often constrained by a limited number of
patients and resources available to implement complex experimental protocols and
are rarely aggregated in a manner that addresses research questions with
appropriate statistical power. Therefore, this FOA seeks applications to
assemble integrated, multi-disciplinary teams to overcome these fundamental
barriers. Projects should investigate high-impact questions in human
neuroscience and disorders of the human nervous system. The research should be
offered as experimental projects, or exploratory research and planning
activities, for building teams, generating data and empirical results that will
later compete for continued funding under new or ongoing FOAs of the BRAIN
Initiative or under NIH Institute appropriations.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-019.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                               May 5, 2006 Friday

Composers take Indian students under their wings: EDUCATION:During a new
workshop program, American Indian students write music with the help of
professionals from the American Composers Forum.

BYLINE: Steve Kuchera, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


May 5--There was a premiere at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College on
Wednesday evening, a performance of new works by three local composers -- each
an American Indian high school student.

"I really liked it," said Cloquet ninth-grader D'Arcay Martineau, one of the
student composers. "At first I was a little nervous and scared because I never
heard it put together before, but I really liked the end result."

Martineau and her classmates received the opportunity to compose under the
tutelage of professional composers with the American Composers Forum through its
First Nations Composer Initiative.

This week's pilot workshop, where composers worked with Cloquet students from
Sunday up to Wednesday's concert, was the forum's first effort with American
Indian students.

"It was a four-day whirlwind workshop; a run-through basically," project
director Georgia Wettlin-Larson said. "Next year we'll be doing long-term
residencies over two semesters for students."

Founded in 1973, the American Composers Forum supports composers' artistic and
professional growth through commissions, performances and fellowships. It
received a grant from the Ford Foundation in 2004 to begin planning the First
Nations Composer Initiative.

The initiative will help support American Indian composers and musicians, and
give them access to mainstream performance venues.

"Native kids will be able to find their voice with this type of expression,"
said Lyz Jaakola, Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College music instructor. "I
look forward to more of this happening in the area."

The college helped sponsor the workshop, which involved three professional
composers, three student composers and 16 musicians from Cloquet High School.

"It was a wonderful chance for students to meet with composers and to learn a
little bit about composition," Cloquet High School music teacher Elizabeth
Wilson said. "I think it's a wonderful thing to foster our Native American
students in the area of composition."

Martineau enjoyed working with the composers, she said.

"They didn't really act like teachers all the time," she said. "They would take
you and explain things in their own ways. They didn't just write it on a
blackboard and expect us to learn it from that. They got very involved with us."

The enjoyment of writing how she feels interested Martineau in composing.

"It's challenging, too, which makes it a lot better to do," she said.

With the composers' help, Martineau wrote a song about her life and friends.
Then came the task of writing accompanying music for a violin, cello and piano.

"Composing for instruments, it was different," she said. "It was fun to try to
put them both together. I would really like to do it again, because it was a
great learning experience for anyone who wants to get into composing."

Copyright (c) 2006, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060505-DU-0505-Composers-take-Indian-students-under-their-wings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2006 Duluth News-Tribune


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

Intensive Longitudinal Analysis of Health Behaviors: Leveraging New Technologies
to Understand Health Behaviors (U24)

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    RFA-OD-17-005

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Intensive Longitudinal Analysis of Health
Behaviors: Leveraging New Technologies to Understand Health Behaviors (U24)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    1

 CFDA Number(s):    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

 93.393 -- Cancer Cause and Prevention Research

 93.399 -- Cancer Control

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 22, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 22, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Jan 07, 2018

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Jan 07, 2018

 Archive Date:    Feb 12, 2018

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $300,000

 Award Ceiling:    $300,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Special district governments

 Private institutions of higher education

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 City or township governments

 Independent school districts

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 State governments

 Small businesses

 County governments

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign
Institutions) are not eligible to apply. Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of
U.S. Organizations are not eligible to apply. Foreign components, as defined in
the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are allowed.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) invites
applications to establish a Research Coordinating Center (RCC) to facilitate and
support the Intensive Longitudinal Health Behaviors Initiative. The goal of this
initiative is to support collaborative research projects studying factors that
influence key health behaviors at the individual level, using intensive
longitudinal data collection and analytic methods, as well as to further advance
research through the broad dissemination of data with the research community, as
appropriate. The network will also assess how study results can be leveraged to
introduce innovations into longstanding behavioral theories to advance the field
of theory-driven behavior change interventions. The RCC will coordinate common
activities of the network including communications, meetings, governance, and
the development of methods harmonization, data integration, and dissemination.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contct: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M federal grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 509 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including falling costs for
renewable energy, increased energy efficiency, and tighter air-pollution
regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report that will assess
the coal and related industries and make recommendations on ways to diversify
the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton can be reached at 505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday

$16M awarded to tribal youth suicide and early intervention programs

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1063 words


Sep. 17--ROCKVILLE, Md. -- If there is any doubt that historical trauma aided
and abetted by intransigent poverty reverberates through the years to destroy
hope, consider the numbers of Native youth who try or succeed in ending their
own lives.

In the past few years, for example, the Rosebud Sioux Reservation in South
Dakota was struck by a wave of young people's suicides and scores of attempted
suicides that spread through the community like a flu epidemic.

This fall, Rosebud and 11 other Native communities will share $16 million to
support suicide prevention projects and early intervention programs.

The grants are awarded by SAMHSA -- the Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Services Administration within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

The grant program is authorized by the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act, a program
funded each year since 2005 to commemorate the suicide death of Garrett Lee
Smith, the son of U.S. Sen. Gordon Smith of Oregon and his wife, Sharon Smith.

Garrett Lee Smith killed himself one day before his 22nd birthday in 2003 in his
apartment in Utah, where he attended college. The couple turned their grief over
their son's death to a campaign to prevent other youth suicides.

"If Garrett's tragedy has any meaning, it will be because we prevent other kids
from a similar fate," Gordon Smith told a Senate subcommittee in March of that
year when testifying in support of the law, which was enacted in October 2004.

This year's grants were announced at the Interdepartmental Tribal Justice,
Safety and Wellness: Government-to-Government Consultation, Training and
Technical Assistance session in Billings, Mont., in late August.

American Indian and Alaska Native youth age 15 -- 24 are committing suicide at a
rate more than three times the national average of 13 per 100,000 people for
their age group, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Suicides in Indian country often occur in clusters, with one suicide leading to
another. For Native youth in that age group, suicide has become the second
leading cause of death after accidents and the third leading cause of death for
youth age 10 -- 14 after accidents, according to the CDC.

The New York Times reported last year that in the Great Plains, the suicide rate
among Indian youth is the worst: 10 times the national average.

Tribal leaders can use the Garrett Lee Smith grants in the same way that the
Smith family drew on their private tragedy for public good, SAMHSA's Cynthia
Hansen told Indian Country Today.

"I think it's something that so many leaders in Indian country can resonate
with," she said. "The loss of a child can stress out their leadership, but it
can also provide opportunities for programming and action in the midst of the
tragedy."

The grants began in 2005. Congress appropriates money specifically for the
program.

This year's grants will be used for both new and existing programs.

"Each application is different. One of the programs -- the Native American
Rehabilitation Association in Portland, Ore. -- was awarded the first grant in
2005. Some of this year's awardees have new programs and some have existing
programs they want to build upon, or they had funding that's now subsided and
now with this grant can build on the past," Hansen said.

The program has grown each year to include more Native communities. From its
modest beginning -- a single grant to a Native community in 2005 -- the program
now includes 18 communities.

The $16 million in total grants will be disbursed over three years. First-year
grants are:

-- $500,000 to the Native American Rehabilitation Association to expand and
strengthen its Native Youth Suicide Prevention Project.

-- $477,570 to the Rosebud Sioux Reservation to establish the Wiconi Wakan
Health and Healing Center, a place to implement its Tribal Youth Suicide
Prevention and Early intervention Project Plan.

-- $496,889 to Gila River Behavioral Health Authority Youth Suicide Prevention
Project at the Gila River Indian community in Arizona.

-- $500,000 to the Omaha Nation Community Response Team -- Project Hope in
Nebraska to develop and implement a tribal youth suicide initiative grounded in
strong partnerships and collaborations.

-- $432,282 to the Mescalero Apache School Youth Suicide Prevention and Early
Intervention initiative in New Mexico to implement and evaluate a comprehensive
early intervention and suicide prevention model.

-- $166,667 to the Circle of Trust Youth Suicide Prevention program at the
Confederated Salish Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Indian Nation in Montana to
implement a prevention project that will include both CSKT members and
nonmembers.

-- $500,000 to the Preserving Life: Nevada Tribal Youth Suicide Prevention
Initiative of the Inter-Tribal Council of Nevada to support, expand and enhance
its suicide prevention efforts in Nevada communities in the areas of awareness,
intervention and methodology.

-- $450,000 to the Youth Suicide Prevention program of the Crow Creek Sioux
Tribe in South Dakota to meet the objectives of its prevention plan.

-- $500,000 to the Oglala Sioux Tribe of South Dakota to develop and implement a
comprehensive and sustainable prevention program.

-- $485,857 to Wiconi Ohitika Project at the Cankdeska Cikana Community College
in North Dakota to provide suicide prevention services for the Spirit Lake
Nation.

-- $500,000 to the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians in Michigan for
its Sault Tribe Alive Youth project to develop a broad-based, culturally
competent suicide prevention and early intervention program with tribal and
nontribal stakeholders.

-- $500,000 to the Bering Strait Suicide Prevention Program in Alaska to assist
villages in developing prevention strategies through capacity building,
education, training, and strong interdisciplinary collaboration and elder
guidance.

The grants are awarded on a competitive basis. Applications and more information
are available at www.samhsa.gov.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080917-IC-YOUTH-PROGRAMS-20080917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Corning Police seek grant for justice program

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 762 words


Feb. 19--The Corning Police Department will seek $150,000 in grant funds to
complete an application for a $1 million Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation
Program grant.

The City Council unanimously approved authorization for Police Chief Don Atkins
to work with the Center for Evaluation and Research and the Tehama County
Department of Education in preparing the application.

Councilman Tony Cardenas said the justice grant is a component of the larger
Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative federal grant that could amount
to $30 million to the Corning area spread over a five year period.

The partnership team seeking the federal grant is lead by the Paskenta Band of
Nomlaki Indians and consists of the Corning, Corning Union Elementary School
District, Corning Union High School District, Tehama County Office of Education,
Shasta College, Tehama County Probation Department and Health Services Agency,
Seed Ministries, and the Center for Evaluation and Research.

"The justice grant is the law enforcement component of the Everett Freeman
Promise Neighborhood Initiative, but only entities that have police departments
can apply for the justice grant. The city will apply for that component of the
federal grant since it is part of the partnership and has a police department,"
said Cardenas, who is a member of the partnership's leadership team.

He said if the partnership receives the $30 million grant, it would be used to
improve the educational and developmental outcome of children from cradle to
college.

"The justice grant is $1 million over a 36-month period, but initially the first
15 months is considered planning and we can spend up to $150,000 for that,"
Cardenas said.

"That is basically all the planning, research, gathering of information and
putting all the plan together. That plan is submitted and if that is approved
then we go onto the next phase and you get the additional $850,000 to spend over
the remaining period of time, up to 36 months. That is in essence what the plan
is."

He explained that a big part of the mov ment now with the federal government is
it has to be evidence-based programs.

"They are finding that all of these different programs they funded in the past
didn't necessarily prove ... to be as fruitful as they thought," Cardenas said.
"So part of this whole planning process is to make sure we come up with a plan
that is sure to have an impact. The two areas of focus in Corning from a crime
point are gangs and drugs. That is going to be the focus of developing the
program for us."

Development of the plan won't cost the city anything, Cardenas said, and it will
be written by Matt Russell of the Center for Evaluation and Research.

The partnership team states the area of Corning and the Paskenta Band of Nomlaki
Indian tribal lands has one of the highest rates of poverty, unemployment and
crime in the state. It notes that all schools in the area have been designated
as "low performing," and all schools are in program improvement through the
state's Department of Education.

The team has already successfully applied for a $500,000 grant specifically for
building and planning the initiative for submission to US Department of
Education. The partnership was one of 10 communities nationwide to receive this
grant.

Application and submittal for the promise neighborhood grant will be
accomplished in steps, according to the team.

The first step is an in-depth needs assessment and planning process which will
lead to a "continuum of solutions."

Steps two and three include prioritization and development of a mutual
accountability plan.

"Once needs, gaps, and barriers to service are clearly qualified, collaborators
identify model programs and best practices using the program model tool," the
initiative documents state.

The goal of the initiative is to "build a seamless continuum of solutions that
builds upon local resources to create sustainable systems change."

During the planning stage, the partnership team will develop Promise Neighbor
indicators, which will guide the entire process.

Once submitted to the US Department of Education, the Everett Freeman Promise
Neighborhood Initiative will go through a competitive grant process.

The initiative was named after former Paskenta tribal leader Everett Freeman,
who was known for his dedication to children, education and his community.
Freeman served as the tribe's chairman from 1994 until his death in 2010.

___ (c)2013 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.corning-observer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130219-YF-Corning-Police-seek-grant-for-justice-program-0219-20130219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2013 Corning Observer


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Researcher finds tribal wisdom, business ethics more related than they seem

LENGTH: 945  words

DATELINE: Las Cruces


New Mexico State University has issued the following news release:

Relationships. Sharing. Trust. Usefulness. These are some of the attributes that
are highly valued in indigenous cultures. Meanwhile, recent headlines outside
these tribal communities too often relate tales of how some business leaders
have breached the public trust and prioritized personal gain rather than helping
others.

But research going on in New Mexico State University's College of Business has
shown that commonalities do exist between business ethics and tribal wisdom.

Grace Ann Rosile is studying how Native American tribal values can be applied in
today's business world. Today, technology has created a "global village" and
these ancient ethical perspectives, which come from tribal communities, suddenly
seem very relevant again.

Rosile, an associate professor of management at NMSU's College of Business, has
been a Daniels Fund Ethics fellow since 2010, when the university received a
$1.25 million grant to develop a principle-based ethics program over five years.
The grant is part of the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative, whose goal is to
strengthen principle-based ethics education and foster a high standard of ethics
in young people.

In the paper, "Comparing Daniels Principles of Business Ethics and Tribal
Ethics," Rosile and her co-authors, NMSU colleagues Don Pepion, associate
professor of anthropology and a member of the Blackfeet Tribe; David Boje,
business professor; and Joe Gladstone, assistant professor of public health
administration and member of the Blackfeet and Nez Perce tribes, identified
"Eight Aspects of Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics."

o Relationships - Relationships are of primary importance and the key to
survival.
o Gifting rather than getting - Giving is valued and conveys higher status than
getting.
o Non-acquisitiveness - The wealth economy discourages hoarding because there is
"enough," and sharing and gifting is more important.
o Usefulness - Use is more important than possession, thus community property is
common.
o Egalitarianism over hierarchy - Equality of voice contributes to consensus and
unity.
o Trust - Trust is the foundation for good relationships and is highly valued.
o Disclosure - Trading partners volunteer information to build relationships.
o Barter systems - Barter emphasizes usefulness of goods rather than
accumulation.

Rosile worked with local filmmakers to produce a 30-minute video that explores
some of the common themes that unite business ethics and tribal ethics. The "
Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics" film is an effective teaching and outreach
tool, she said, because it presents traditional ideas from an indigenous
perspective.

"It doesn't work as well when we as researchers try to say what these Native
people are saying," she said. "We have to let them speak for themselves."

The film ¬- along with six accompanying teaching videos that are about 10-15
minutes each - serves as a platform and showcase for the scholarly work that's
being done in tribal ethics, she said.

"Tribal wisdom," Rosile says in the film, "is about what people have learned
through the centuries about living together in harmony. In harmony with each
other - that individuals in the group do not need to be in conflict - and in
harmony with the whole universe - with Earth, the rocks, the plants, the trees -
and with humans, all living in a harmonious, balanced world."

The research is part of the outreach goal of the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative,
expanding ethics education in the region, said Bruce Huhmann, an associate
professor of marketing who is the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative Chair.

"I think we can all learn a lot by seeing the similarities in ethical principles
across cultures," Huhmann said of the research. "Many of the tribal ethics
principles documented by Dr. Rosile and her colleagues are shared in other
cultures, although each culture does have its own unique ways of expressing and
living those ethical principles."

As part of the third annual Quantum Storytelling Conference being held Dec. 15
to 17 in Las Cruces, a pair of special presentations is planned from 1 to 3 p.m.
and 3:15 to 4:45 p.m. Dec. 16 in Milton Hall Room 50 on the NMSU campus. The
talks, co-sponsored by the NMSU Teaching Academy, are titled "Quantum,
Indigenous and Living Story: A Nexus of Science, Art and Ethics," and will
feature Greg Cajete, director of Native American Studies at the University of
New Mexico; Leroy Little Bear and Amethyst Beverly First Rider, both of the
University of Lethbridge in Canada; and Don Pepion, an NMSU anthropology
professor and former head of American Indian Programs at NMSU, along with Rosile
and Boje.

Little Bear is the former director of the American Indian Program at Harvard
University and professor emeritus of Native Studies at the University of
Lethbridge, where he was department chair for 25 years. First Rider teaches
Native literature and Native drama in the Native American Studies Department at
the University of Lethbridge. Her master's thesis was "Sweet Grass Visions: The
Combination of Trickster and Theatre for the Transmission of Culture (1994). "

For more information on the Quantum Storytelling Conference or the special
presentations, visit www.quantumstorytelling.org or contact Rosile at
garosile@nmsu.edu

Rosile and her team are also planning a gathering in fall 2014 that will bring
together people featured in the "Tribal Wisdom" films with other indigenous
scholars, as well as Native American business leaders and students, to explore
ways that Native values regarding science, art and ethics can inform ethics
education.

For more information please visit: http://www.nmsu.edu.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 821  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
 28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
 Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 824  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Statewide effort targets drug abuse awareness

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Diversion Alert, the Wabanaki Tribal Health Clinics and Husson University
School of Pharmacy have launched a statewide initiative called "Wabanaki Pathway
to Hope and Healing," which is funded through one of 18 Rural Opioid Overdose
Reversal Grants awarded by the Health Resource and Service Administration's
Rural Opioid Overdose Reversal Grant Program.


The initiative aims to raise awareness about the risks of opioid overdose, while
increasing the ability of tribal communities to respond to such a situation if
it does arise.


The project's goals included identifying steps involved in a community-wide
naloxone program, an opiate antidote that can be used in cases of suspected drug
overdose; discussing the importance of cultural competence; and listing
resources available for guidance in the development of policies and protocols
regarding naloxone.


Through funds provided by the grant, health care providers in tribal health
clinics and staff in all three tribal police departments were trained to
prescribe naloxone. Grant funds were used to purchase 150 naloxone kits that
were distributed across the five health centers, to be dispensed by standing
order to patients at risk for opioid overdose, and protocols were established
for each clinic for the distribution of naloxone.


In Aroostook County, tribal health centers are the Micmac Service Unit in
Presque Isle and the Maliseet Health and Wellness Center in Littleton.


"We are sincerely thankful to the tribal health directors for joining forces
with us in this important endeavor to address the issue of addiction and
overdose. We have made a lot of progress along the 'Pathway to Hope and Healing'
and endeavor to continue along that path together," said Sarah Martin, assistant
professor of social and administrative sciences at Husson University School of
Pharmacy.


According to the Maine Medical Association, there were 272 overdose deaths in
Maine last year. In 2014 emergency medical services administered naloxone 829
times in Maine, a report by the State Epidemiological Outcomes Workgroup says.
That number reportedly increased in 2015.


The initiative also aims to encourage others to support those in recovery and
includes a website ( recoveryinme.com) that provides resources for communities
and families. It specifically includes information about how to use naloxone.


"The public service announcements that were created for Wabanaki Pathway to Hope
and Healing focus on bringing a much needed message to families and communities
about responding to the widespread problem of addiction in our state. That
message is that we can all be part of the solution by building families and
communities that support people in recovery," said Clare Desrosiers, executive
director of Diversion Alert.


The initiative includes an infographic with instructions about how to use
naloxone; a rack card; an instructional video about how use naloxone; and
television and radio PSAs.


Diversion Alert also offers tools for medical professionals which provide access
to drug arrest data so they can identify and respond to patients at risk for
overdose, in need of treatment, or engaged in illegal prescription drug
distribution.


The three other Wabanaki tribal health clinics are the Passamaquoddy Health
Center at Indian Township, Penobscot Nation Health Department on Indian Island,
and the Pleasant Point Health Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical Assistance to
Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 835  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Additional Funds Support Broadband and Infrastructure Development in Indian
Country

Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $9.7 million
in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and educational
institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers. These awards
are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
" 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: USDA Announces $9.7 Million in Dedicated Outreach and Technical
Assistance to Diversify American Agriculture

LENGTH: 897  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Additional Funds Support Broadband and Infrastructure Development in Indian
Country

WASHINGTON, Dec. 3, 2014 - Today, US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack announced $9.7 million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit
organizations, and educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran
farmers and ranchers. These awards are distributed through the Outreach and
Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers Program, also known as the " 2501 Program".

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing
commitment to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers
and ranchers who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part
of our pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they
return to civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made today's announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal
Nations Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally
recognized Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black
Land Grant Universities ( 1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land
Grant Tribal Colleges and Universities ( 1994 Land Grant Institutions),
Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher education, and community-based and
non-profit organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and
ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of today's announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Today's 2501 announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Promise Neighborhood Project bringing funds to Corning

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 720 words


Dec. 17--In more ways than one, the community of Corning has been the financial
beneficiary to the countless hours of a group of people and organizations
collaborating to create the Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative. The
initiative was named after former Paskenta tribal leader Everett Freeman, who
was known for his dedication to children, education and his community.

Freeman served as the tribe's chairman from 1994 until his death in 2010.

Promise Neighborhoods, first launched in 2010, is a federal program established
by the U.S. Dept. of Education to improve educational, health, safety, and
support services for students in underprivileged communities.

"Children must be safe, healthy, and supported by adults across an entire
community to reach their fullest potential," U.S. Secretary of Education Arne
Duncan is quoted as saying. "Against all odds, Promise Neighborhoods work to
provide families and children with the support they need to help break the cycle
of poverty that threatens too many of our nation's communities."

With that goal in mind, the Paskenta Band of Nomlaki Indians, as the lead agency
in creating the Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative, organized a
group including the City of Corning, Corning Elementary School District, Corning
Union High School District, North State Educational Services, River Citie
Counseling, Shasta College, Center for Evaluation and Research, LLC, Seed
Ministries, and Tehama County's Board of Supervisors, Department of Education,
Probation Department and Health Services -- to "improve significantly upon the
educational and developmental outcomes of children from cradle through college"
in the Corning and Paskenta Tribal area.

Corning City Councilman Tony Cardenas has served on the initiative's
collaborative group as a representative of the city.

In 2012 the Everett Freeman Initiative was awarded a federal planning grant in
the amount of $499,766. It was one of only six Promise Neighborhood planning
grants awarded that year nationwide. Those funds have been used to build, plan
and develop the initiative.

Through the Everett Freeman Initiative, four additional grants have already been
awarded to the community for approximately $3.5 million over the next five years
-- the Byrne Criminal Justice Program; Corning High School After School Project;
Corning Union Elementary School Counseling Program; and Rural Health Initiative.

The Byrne Criminal Justice Program is an effort to reduce crime and improve
community safety. Key players in bringing this grant to fruition are Mayor Gary
Strack, Police Chief Don Atkins, City Manager John Brewer and Cardenas,
according to Matthew Russell, Center for Evaluation and Research, LLC.

This grant will be used in part to fund the Corning High School Resource
Officer, a Corning police officer whose main focus is serving at the three
Corning Union High School District campuses in an effort to prevent juvenile
delinquency through proactive law enforcement and by promoting positive
relations with the community's youth.

The grant also helps promote the police department's efforts to increase its
presence along Solano Street and Spring Mountain Apartments on Edith Avenue, and
expansion of the department's volunteer police force.

The grant also serves the expansion of student support services by funding two
counselors at Corning High School's HOPE Center.

In addition, two counselors and a social worker serve at West Street and Olive
View schools, and Corning High School has a greatly successful After School
Program.

The Everett Freeman Initiative was also instrumental in the Corning Police
Department receiving a $14,780 grant to purchase mapping software.

"This innovation, which will integrate with the department's existing software,
promises to increase responsiveness to crime, maximize policing resources, and
assist in the analysis of trends in criminal behavior," Cardenas said.

As the initiative is further developed more grants are anticipated for the
community to facilitate the project's goals of enhancing the health, education,
stability and welfare of the community's children and families.

___ (c)2014 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com/corning_observer/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141217-YF-Promise-Neighborhood-Project-bringing-funds-to-Corning-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2014 Corning Observer


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

A new opportunity in education: Dayton, tribal officials announce new grant for
adult learning program geared toward American Indians (W/ VIDEO)

BYLINE: Matthew Liedke, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Aug. 17--BEMIDJI -- With the hope of paving a new road of educational
opportunities, Gov. Mark Dayton and regional tribal leaders met in Bemidji on
Wednesday to announce funding for a new program.

Aiming to help American Indian adults gain high school diploma equivalents,
Dayton said the state is providing an $880,000 grant to fund the Anishinaabe
Basic Education Initiative. In its first year, the initiative is expected to
help 150 American Indians in Minnesota attain an educational credential and
access job training, according to a press release from Dayton's office.

"Our goal is to create 'on ramps' for people to get an education to either
continue it or join the workforce with living wage jobs," Tuleah Palmer,
executive director of the Northwest Indian Community Development Center in
Bemidji, said at a press conference with Dayton and tribal leaders.

"As we come here today, we're really looking at the equity from appropriations
as a starting point to address a series of disparities that are facing the
American Indian community in this region."

The initial $880,000 grant, and an ongoing yearly $250,000 grant to follow, will
be utilized by organizations such as the Northwest Indian Community Development
Center and the American Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center to address
various issues. For example, only about 50 percent of American Indian high
school students attain a diploma within four years.

Other disparities faced by Minnesota's American Indian community, Dayton noted,
included income levels, access and quality of health care as well as jobs that
may not be available because of educational issues.

About 32 percent of Minnesota American Indians live in poverty and having a high
school diploma or GED can increase the earning power of individuals by 36.5
percent, Dayton's office said in a release.

"The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," Dayton said in
the release. "Providing all Minnesotans access to educational opportunities will
help build an economy that works better for all Minnesotans."

Joining Dayton and Palmer at Wednesday's meeting in Bemidji were representatives
from the White Earth Band of Ojibwe, the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe and the Red
lake Band of Chippewa.

"We're really honored to be here today with the chairmen of each of the three
sovereign nations in northwest Minnesota and the governor, as well," Palmer
said. "We hope it's the beginning of several appropriations that we receive as
well as several meetings that we'll have."

Once in the program, participants will have the opportunity to learn skills for
both careers and college through a culturally contextualized learning
environment representing indigenous culture, the release stated.

"Accessing the initiative will really be just as simple as coming in the door
and being greeted in a safe place to be an American Indian," Palmer said.

State Tour

Dayton's visit with officials in Bemidji was his second stop in the region
Wednesday, as he appeared at St. Joseph's Hospital in Park Rapids before
traveling north. The visits are part of the governor's tour of the state's 87
counties in 86 days to discuss a variety of issues.

Along with Beltrami County, Dayton is also scheduled to visit Clearwater and
Becker counties today, with appointments in Itasca State Park to kick off a
"Year of Water Action" at the headwaters of the Mississippi and Detroit Lakes to
speak about water concerns.

Explore related topics:Newslocalnorthwest indian development centerred lake band
of chippewaLeech Lake Band of OjibweWhite Earth Band of Ojibweminnesota Governor
mark dayton

Matthew Liedke

Matthew Liedke is the city, county and state government reporter for the Bemidji
Pioneer. He also covers business, politics and financial news.

___ (c)2016 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160817-JI-A-new-opportunity-in-education-Dayton-tribal
-officials-announce-new-grant
-for-adult-learning-program-geared-toward-American-Indians-W-VIDEO-0817-20160817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2016 Bemidji Pioneer


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative Funded for Youth Summits

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Fayetteville: University of Arkansas has issued the following news release:



  The Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative, based in the University of
Arkansas School of Law, has received a three-year, $681,459 grant to fund the
Native Youth in Agriculture Summer Leadership Summit.





 The summit, now entering its third year, is currently accepting applications
from American Indian, Native Hawaiian and Alaska Native youth, ages 15-18. In
2015, 84 students representing 47 tribes attended the summit, and the program
hopes to serve 100 youth this year. Contact the Indigenous Food and Agriculture
Initiative or visit the website for more information or an application. Older
students should consider applying to be a student leader for the program.



 "The Indigenous Food and Agricultural Initiative is a great illustration of how
higher education institutions should work everyday to create greater access for
underrepresented students while also providing valuable support for the
betterment of their communities," said Charles Robinson, University of Arkansas
vice chancellor for diversity and community. "I am very proud of Dean Leeds and
all of the people in our School of Law and campuswide who are making this
happen."



 The summit promotes farming, ranching and food businesses as productive and
sustainable career choices for American Indian, Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian youth. It also secures the future of tribal food systems by promoting
intertribal cooperation and an understanding of food sovereignty. And it ensures
the success of future native farmers and ranchers by giving them the specialized
education they need to thrive as the next generation of Indian Country food and
agriculture leaders.



 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, sponsored by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture at the United States Department of
Agriculture, provides grants to organizations for education, mentoring and
technical assistance initiatives for beginning farmers or ranchers. The summit
serves only native youth because of the unique legal complexities surrounding
land status, credit access, food safety protocols, and more, that only Native
producers must confront when engaging in food systems careers. Through a
combination of classroom and experiential learning, the summit provides a
singular educational experience for native youth.



 About the Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative: The Initiative enhances
health and wellness in Tribal communities by advancing economic development and
cultural heritage in Indian Country. We empower tribal governments, farmers,
ranchers and food businesses by providing strategic planning and technical
assistance; by creating new academic and executive education programs in food
systems and agriculture; and by increasing student enrollment in land grant
universities in food and agricultural related disciplines.



 About University of Arkansas School of Law: The University of Arkansas School
of Law prepares students for success through a challenging curriculum taught by
nationally recognized faculty, unique service opportunities and a close-knit
community that puts students first. With alumni in all 50 states, the District
of Columbia, two territories and 20 countries, it has been ranked among the top
10 "Values in Legal Education" by the National Jurist magazine for three
consecutive years and is among the top 41 public law schools, according to U.S.
News and World Report.



 About the University of Arkansas: The University of Arkansas provides an
internationally competitive education for undergraduate and graduate students in
more than 200 academic programs. The university contributes new knowledge,
economic development, basic and applied research, and creative activity while
also providing service to academic and professional disciplines. The Carnegie
Foundation classifies the University of Arkansas among only 2 percent of
universities in America that have the highest level of research activity. U.S.
News & World Report ranks the University of Arkansas among its top American
public research universities. Founded in 1871, the University of Arkansas
comprises 10 colleges and schools and maintains a low student-to-faculty ratio
that promotes personal attention and close mentoring.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative Funded for Youth Summits

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Fayetteville: University of Arkansas has issued the following news release:



  The Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative, based in the University of
Arkansas School of Law, has received a three-year, $681,459 grant to fund the
Native Youth in Agriculture Summer Leadership Summit.





 The summit, now entering its third year, is currently accepting applications
from American Indian, Native Hawaiian and Alaska Native youth, ages 15-18. In
2015, 84 students representing 47 tribes attended the summit, and the program
hopes to serve 100 youth this year. Contact the Indigenous Food and Agriculture
Initiative or visit the website for more information or an application. Older
students should consider applying to be a student leader for the program.



 "The Indigenous Food and Agricultural Initiative is a great illustration of how
higher education institutions should work everyday to create greater access for
underrepresented students while also providing valuable support for the
betterment of their communities," said Charles Robinson, University of Arkansas
vice chancellor for diversity and community. "I am very proud of Dean Leeds and
all of the people in our School of Law and campuswide who are making this
happen."



 The summit promotes farming, ranching and food businesses as productive and
sustainable career choices for American Indian, Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian youth. It also secures the future of tribal food systems by promoting
intertribal cooperation and an understanding of food sovereignty. And it ensures
the success of future native farmers and ranchers by giving them the specialized
education they need to thrive as the next generation of Indian Country food and
agriculture leaders.



 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, sponsored by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture at the United States Department of
Agriculture, provides grants to organizations for education, mentoring and
technical assistance initiatives for beginning farmers or ranchers. The summit
serves only native youth because of the unique legal complexities surrounding
land status, credit access, food safety protocols, and more, that only Native
producers must confront when engaging in food systems careers. Through a
combination of classroom and experiential learning, the summit provides a
singular educational experience for native youth.



 About the Indigenous Food and Agriculture Initiative: The Initiative enhances
health and wellness in Tribal communities by advancing economic development and
cultural heritage in Indian Country. We empower tribal governments, farmers,
ranchers and food businesses by providing strategic planning and technical
assistance; by creating new academic and executive education programs in food
systems and agriculture; and by increasing student enrollment in land grant
universities in food and agricultural related disciplines.



 About University of Arkansas School of Law: The University of Arkansas School
of Law prepares students for success through a challenging curriculum taught by
nationally recognized faculty, unique service opportunities and a close-knit
community that puts students first. With alumni in all 50 states, the District
of Columbia, two territories and 20 countries, it has been ranked among the top
10 "Values in Legal Education" by the National Jurist magazine for three
consecutive years and is among the top 41 public law schools, according to U.S.
News and World Report.



 About the University of Arkansas: The University of Arkansas provides an
internationally competitive education for undergraduate and graduate students in
more than 200 academic programs. The university contributes new knowledge,
economic development, basic and applied research, and creative activity while
also providing service to academic and professional disciplines. The Carnegie
Foundation classifies the University of Arkansas among only 2 percent of
universities in America that have the highest level of research activity. U.S.
News & World Report ranks the University of Arkansas among its top American
public research universities. Founded in 1871, the University of Arkansas
comprises 10 colleges and schools and maintains a low student-to-faculty ratio
that promotes personal attention and close mentoring.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Education Awards $300,000 to Wounded Knee
District School on Pine Ridge Reservation Following Multiple Student Suicides

LENGTH: 806  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Safe and Healthy Students has
awarded Wounded Knee District School on the Pine Ridge Reservation in
southwestern South Dakota a Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV)
grant totaling $300,000. The grant will be used to assist with ongoing recovery
efforts following numerous student suicide deaths, beginning in late December
2014.





 This is the fourth Project SERV grant awarded to a school on the Pine Ridge
Reservation. The first grant was awarded to Pine Ridge School, the second to
Little Wound School, the third to Crazy Horse School and the current grant to
Wounded Knee--all to assist with recovery efforts following high student
suicides and attempted suicides. Since 2010, the Department has awarded nearly
$1 million in Project SERV grants to the four schools, including Wounded Knee,
on the reservation.



 "I spent time on the Pine Ridge Reservation a few months ago and was moved by
the resilience of these students," said U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King
Jr. "The Department of Education is committed to helping this community
strengthen its schools and expand opportunities so that students can focus on
learning and get the quality education that they need to reach their full
potential."



 Project SERV provides funding for local educational agencies (LEAs) and
institutions of higher education (IHEs) that have experienced a significant
violent or traumatic event and need resources to respond, recover, and
re-establish a safe environment conducive to learning. There are two types of
Project SERV awards--Immediate Services and Extended Services. Immediate
Services grants provide emergency, short-term assistance to affected school
districts or colleges and universities. Extended Services grants assist school
districts and colleges and universities in carrying out the long-term recovery
efforts that may be needed following a significant, traumatic event. To date,
the Office of Safe and Healthy Students has awarded more than $44 million to 137
grantees, including Wounded Knee District School, since the grants program began
in 2001.



 Specifically, Wounded Knee will use its Immediate Services grant implement a
number of programs relating to mental health and substance abuse, behavior,
peer-to-peer support, and culturally-based services. The school also will use
funds to hire a counselor/social worker to work with at-risk students and
students who have experienced trauma, as well as with staff to help them
identify students in crisis and be as supportive as possible.



 Wounded Knee District School is a rural Tribal grant school on the Pine Ridge
Reservation that serves K-8 students. Since December 2014, the Wounded Knee
District alone has experienced five death related to suicides. These tragedies,
along with numerous others by students attending other schools on the
reservation, caused the Pine Ridge Reservation Tribal government to declare a
state of emergency. From December 2014 to March 2015, nine people ages 12 to 24
committed suicides, and 103 more attempts were recorded.



 The Obama Administration is committed to finding solutions to the pressing
problems that confront Native youth, with an emphasis on education, economic
development, and health. Last year, the Department of Education, in coordination
with the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education
and the Bureau of Indian Education, brought together approximately 120 educators
with local, state, and federal leaders to attend Oglala Lakota Living, Language
and Learning: a Gathering of Pine Ridge Educators. The goal of the four
convenings was to support a framework for further collaboration in addressing
how schools could work together to better support Pine Ridge students.



 Federal grants like the Native Youth Community Projects (NYCP) can also help
Pine Ridge and others that apply. It supports preschool through college-level
projects that help American Indian and Alaska Native youth prepare for college
and careers. The Department recently announced that it will make $17.4 million
in new awards in FY 2016, which is triple the $5.3 million that was provided
last year.



 President Obama's fiscal year 2017 budget request expands NYCP funding to $53
million and provides $350 million for Preschool Development Grants (PDG). The
NYCP grants support the President's Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative
launched last year to help Native American youth, and the PDG program is aimed
at helping to develop and expand high-quality preschool programs in targeted
communities, including planning grants to tribal governments.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

BYLINE: The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Dec. 07--WASHINGTON -- The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
recently announced $9.7 million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit
organizations, and educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran
farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

--A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.

--28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.

--Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

USDA has made significant investments in economic development, housing and
infrastructure projects benefiting American Indians and Alaska Natives. More
information is available at www.usda.gov/tribalrelations.

Information in this report was provided by the USDA.

___ (c)2014 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141207-AI-USDA-dedicates-9.7M-to-diversify-agriculture-1207-20141207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2014 The Telegraph


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Testers Tribal Business Incubator Bill Receives Senate Hearing

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 (U.S. Senate)-Senator Jon Tester's bill that will help launch business startups
and create jobs in Indian Country received a hearing today in the Senate Indian
Affairs Committee.





 Tester's bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will create
a competitive grant initiative to establish and fund business incubators in
Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate Native American-owned small
businesses.



 "It is time to bring down the barriers that are keeping folks from investing in
Indian Country," Tester said. "My bill will create business incubators so Native
American entrepreneurs have a one-stop shop where they can launch their business
and create jobs in their communities."



 Tribal business incubators will create a space for Native American
entrepreneurs to get assistance developing a business plan, navigating federal,
tribal, and state regulations, and attracting outside investment. The incubators
will also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and professional
networking opportunities.



 Tester's bill would authorize $5 million annually to fund this economic
development initiative.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must serve one or more tribal
communities, submit a three-year plan, provide a physical workspace, offer
business skills training and education, and meet other specific requirements.
Tribes, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. The Native American Business
Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight to business incubators and
ensure they are delivering on their commitment to Native American entrepreneurs.




 According to the National Congress of American Indians, 39 percent of Native
Americans living on reservations are in poverty and the unemployment rate is 19
percent -- more than three times the national average. The poverty rate of
Native Americans living in Montana is among the highest in the nation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Testers Tribal Business Incubator Bill Receives Senate Hearing

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 (U.S. Senate)-Senator Jon Tester's bill that will help launch business startups
and create jobs in Indian Country received a hearing today in the Senate Indian
Affairs Committee.





 Tester's bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will create
a competitive grant initiative to establish and fund business incubators in
Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate Native American-owned small
businesses.



 "It is time to bring down the barriers that are keeping folks from investing in
Indian Country," Tester said. "My bill will create business incubators so Native
American entrepreneurs have a one-stop shop where they can launch their business
and create jobs in their communities."



 Tribal business incubators will create a space for Native American
entrepreneurs to get assistance developing a business plan, navigating federal,
tribal, and state regulations, and attracting outside investment. The incubators
will also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and professional
networking opportunities.



 Tester's bill would authorize $5 million annually to fund this economic
development initiative.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must serve one or more tribal
communities, submit a three-year plan, provide a physical workspace, offer
business skills training and education, and meet other specific requirements.
Tribes, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. The Native American Business
Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight to business incubators and
ensure they are delivering on their commitment to Native American entrepreneurs.




 According to the National Congress of American Indians, 39 percent of Native
Americans living on reservations are in poverty and the unemployment rate is 19
percent -- more than three times the national average. The poverty rate of
Native Americans living in Montana is among the highest in the nation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton and Tribal Leaders Announce $880,000 Grant to help
American Indian Adults Develop Skills for Careers and College

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Governor Mark Dayton and American Indian leaders today announced an $880,000
grant to create the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative. The initiative will
provide American Indian adult learners opportunities to develop skills for
careers and college in an innovative, culturally contextualized learning
environment rooted in indigenous culture. In the first year alone, the program
is expected to allow 150 American Indian adult learners to attain their high
school diploma equivalencies, and access job training for in-demand careers in
fields such as health care and information technology.





 "The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," said Governor
Dayton. "I thank the Northwest Indian Community Development Center, the American
Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center, and Minnesota's Tribal Leaders
for their stewardship of this initiative. Providing all Minnesotans access to
educational opportunities will help build an economy that works better for all
Minnesotans."



 During the 2016 Legislative Session, the American Indian Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Northwest Indian Community Development Center
advocated for the $880,000 one-time grant. In future years, an ongoing grant of
$250,000 is expected to sustain the program, while further increasing access for
additional adult learners.



 Having a high school diploma or GED increases the earning power of individuals
by 37.5 percent - that is nearly a $10,000 per year median wage increase, which
can make a significant difference for a Minnesota family. However, only about 50
percent of American-Indian high school students currently attain a diploma
within four years. The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will provide these
Minnesotans opportunities to earn their diplomas, further their educations, and
gain access to in-demand careers.



 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith worked with the Legislature in 2016 to
secure this funding as part of their broader commitment to expanding economic
opportunity and alleviating disparities for all Minnesotans. Overall, the
Governor and the Lt. Governor worked with the Legislature to secure a $35
million investment for high-impact strategies to close racial economic
disparities, and build an economy that works better for everyone, everywhere in
Minnesota.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton and Tribal Leaders Announce $880,000 Grant to help
American Indian Adults Develop Skills for Careers and College

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Governor Mark Dayton and American Indian leaders today announced an $880,000
grant to create the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative. The initiative will
provide American Indian adult learners opportunities to develop skills for
careers and college in an innovative, culturally contextualized learning
environment rooted in indigenous culture. In the first year alone, the program
is expected to allow 150 American Indian adult learners to attain their high
school diploma equivalencies, and access job training for in-demand careers in
fields such as health care and information technology.





 "The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," said Governor
Dayton. "I thank the Northwest Indian Community Development Center, the American
Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center, and Minnesota's Tribal Leaders
for their stewardship of this initiative. Providing all Minnesotans access to
educational opportunities will help build an economy that works better for all
Minnesotans."



 During the 2016 Legislative Session, the American Indian Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Northwest Indian Community Development Center
advocated for the $880,000 one-time grant. In future years, an ongoing grant of
$250,000 is expected to sustain the program, while further increasing access for
additional adult learners.



 Having a high school diploma or GED increases the earning power of individuals
by 37.5 percent - that is nearly a $10,000 per year median wage increase, which
can make a significant difference for a Minnesota family. However, only about 50
percent of American-Indian high school students currently attain a diploma
within four years. The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will provide these
Minnesotans opportunities to earn their diplomas, further their educations, and
gain access to in-demand careers.



 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith worked with the Legislature in 2016 to
secure this funding as part of their broader commitment to expanding economic
opportunity and alleviating disparities for all Minnesotans. Overall, the
Governor and the Lt. Governor worked with the Legislature to secure a $35
million investment for high-impact strategies to close racial economic
disparities, and build an economy that works better for everyone, everywhere in
Minnesota.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton and Tribal Leaders Announce $880,000 Grant to help
American Indian Adults Develop Skills for Careers and College

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Governor Mark Dayton and American Indian leaders today announced an $880,000
grant to create the Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative. The initiative will
provide American Indian adult learners opportunities to develop skills for
careers and college in an innovative, culturally contextualized learning
environment rooted in indigenous culture. In the first year alone, the program
is expected to allow 150 American Indian adult learners to attain their high
school diploma equivalencies, and access job training for in-demand careers in
fields such as health care and information technology.





 "The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will help American Indian
Minnesotans attain the educations they need for good careers," said Governor
Dayton. "I thank the Northwest Indian Community Development Center, the American
Indian Opportunities Industrialization Center, and Minnesota's Tribal Leaders
for their stewardship of this initiative. Providing all Minnesotans access to
educational opportunities will help build an economy that works better for all
Minnesotans."



 During the 2016 Legislative Session, the American Indian Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Northwest Indian Community Development Center
advocated for the $880,000 one-time grant. In future years, an ongoing grant of
$250,000 is expected to sustain the program, while further increasing access for
additional adult learners.



 Having a high school diploma or GED increases the earning power of individuals
by 37.5 percent - that is nearly a $10,000 per year median wage increase, which
can make a significant difference for a Minnesota family. However, only about 50
percent of American-Indian high school students currently attain a diploma
within four years. The Anishinaabe Basic Education Initiative will provide these
Minnesotans opportunities to earn their diplomas, further their educations, and
gain access to in-demand careers.



 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith worked with the Legislature in 2016 to
secure this funding as part of their broader commitment to expanding economic
opportunity and alleviating disparities for all Minnesotans. Overall, the
Governor and the Lt. Governor worked with the Legislature to secure a $35
million investment for high-impact strategies to close racial economic
disparities, and build an economy that works better for everyone, everywhere in
Minnesota.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

Forty years of tribal colleges

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 751 words


Dec. 31--ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Tribal colleges and universities continued to show
strength and growth in 2008, which happened to be the 40th anniversary of the
movement to educate students in a uniquely Native American higher education
setting.

As Indian Country Today reported in May, the Navajo Nation created the first
TCU, known as Dine College, in 1968. Located on the Navajo reservation, the
college was established specifically to provide convenient access to quality and
culturally relevant higher education to tribal members.

Since that birth year, 36 tribal colleges and universities in the U.S. now make
up the American Indian Higher Education Consortium. The group also contains one
tribal college located in Canada. The institutions serve more than 250 American
Indian nations from every geographic region in the United States.

Depending on the institution, tribal colleges offer coursework for associate,
bachelor's and master's degrees, along with certificate programs and continuing
education classes. Overall, TCUs offer degrees and certificates in more than 600
majors. One of their main goals is to preserve Native language and culture.

Leadership changes played a big role behind the scenes at AIHEC this year. After
more than seven years serving as executive director of the organization, Gerald
E. Gipp retired as president of AIHEC in June.

"I consider it a privilege to have served the tribal colleges and universities
and the AIHEC board of directors over the past seven years," Gipp said in a
statement. "However, after 46 years of public service, I feel that it is time
for me to give greater focus to my family and other outside interests. I believe
my time has arrived to step aside; it is time for new leadership to take on the
ongoing challenge of moving the tribal college movement forward at the national
level."

Carrie L. Billy, a longtime Navajo higher education expert, took over for Gipp
in June. She joined the AIHEC staff for the second time in 2001, as deputy
director and director of STEM development, having served as executive director
of the first White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities that was
established by President Bill Clinton.

Under Billy's leadership, the initial WHITCU office created a number of new
programs and initiatives within a variety of federal departments and agencies.
The programs continue to help TCUs build their overall capacity, including basic
infrastructure, to expand programs and services to their students and their
communities.

"Carrie already knows what is needed for a reservation-based college to thrive"
said Cheryl Crazy Bull, chair of AIHEC's board of directors at the time of
Billy's appointment. "I am very excited to have Carrie as the new president of
AIHEC. She has a deep understanding of the mission of tribal colleges and she is
very creative making her an exceptionally effective advocate for tribal colleges
and the AIHEC organization."

AIHEC elected David E. Yarlott Jr. as chair of its board of directors at the
organization's fall meeting in September. A member of the Crow Tribe, Yarlott is
also a graduate of Little Big Horn College and has served as president of the
college since 2002.

In September, ICT reported that the Department of Housing and Urban Development
awarded $5 million in grants to seven tribal colleges. HUD's Tribal Colleges and
Universities Program money is planned to be used in a variety of ways by the
institutions, including the building of a bookstore and student center, and
refurbishing student housing and a school cafeteria.

The seven schools are:

--Tohono O'odham Community College, Sells, Ariz.: $750,000

--Bay Mills Community College, Brimley, Mich.: $504,800

--Salish Kootenai College, Pablo, Mont.: $750,000

--United Tribes Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.: $745,200

--Northwest Indian College, Bellingham, Wash.: $750,000

--College of Menominee Nation, Keshena, Wis.: $750,000

--Institute of American Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.: $750,000

The 2008 TCUP awards represented a large increase over 2007 when HUD awarded
$2.8 million to five tribal colleges.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081231-IC-TRIBAL-COLLEGES-20081231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Education leaders suggest ways to promote tribal colleges

BYLINE: AMY R. SISK Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 802 words


President Barack Obama's vision of free tuition at two-year colleges would
encourage more Native American students to pursue higher education if it becomes
reality, a national Indian education leader said Thursday in Bismarck.

Carrie Billy, president of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium,
spoke about Obama's plan and other ways to promote tribal colleges alongside
panelists at the United Tribes Technical College Tribal Leaders Summit.

On Wednesday, Obama announced "Heads Up America," an effort to garner support
for his free tuition proposal. He first floated the idea in January.

Billy said her organization is working with the White House and Interior
Department on a related "Heads Up Native America" campaign to urge more Native
Americans to attend tribal colleges.

Under related bills introduced in the U.S. House and Senate, the federal
government would share the cost of tuition with states and tribes. States would
pick up 25 percent of the tab for students' tuition at community colleges, and
the federal government would cover the rest. Tribes or tribal colleges would pay
for only 5 percent of their students' tuition with the federal government
chipping in 95 percent of the cost.

Students, in turn, would have to maintain good grades and possibly perform
community service, Billy said.

"It's a way to help encourage all Americans to get at least a two-year degree,"
she said.

Panelist Melvin Monette-Barajas, president of the National Indian Education
Association, spoke to the need for more Native American students to take part in
a post-secondary enrollment options such asdual credit, which allows high school
students to take college-level courses.

He referenced a school in Minneapolis that required all of its students to take
at least one of those courses, called PSEOs for short.

"What they found was that students of color who were typically not enrolling in
those courses were enrolling in second and third and fourth PSEOs because they
experienced success," he said. "Once they experience success in something, they
want to move on. They want to continue."

Monette-Barajas said students on reservations are taking advantage of PSEOs
offered at most tribal colleges.

Off reservations, however, is a different story. Educators need to do more to
encourage those Native American students to participate at local colleges, he
said.

Billy said tribal colleges receive no funding for dual credit, but many offer it
anyway to improve their communities.

"That's been shown as one of the most effective ways to encourage kids to stay
in school," she said.

Cynthia Lindquist, president of Cankdeska Cikana Community College on the Spirit
Lake Indian Reservation, said she's trying to track data on her school's weekend
academies.

Cankdeska Cikana has offered grant-funded academic programs on weekends for
years. They focus on science, technology, engineering and math for high school
students.

She says she is hopeful the academies have encouraged kids to pursue higher
education and is trying to track whether that's the case.

Lindquist said she would like to start similar academies to improve literacy
among high school students.

"What we're finding, particularly in scholarship applications, is that there are
still some issues relevant to writing, grammar and spelling -- simple things we
want to strengthen through the tribal college system," said Lindquist, who urged
tribal leaders in the audience to do their part.

She said they should require that every tribal employee have a degree from a
tribal college.

"You need to encourage our people to get a college education," she said.

(Reach Amy R. Sisk at 701-250-8267 or amy.sisk@bismarcktribune.com)

State, tribal elders collaborating on education initiative

State education leaders will soon make public the product of a year's worth of
work with tribal elders in shaping an initiative to teach Native American
history and culture in all North Dakota schools.

Lucy Fredericks, director of Indian and multicultural education for the North
Dakota Department of Public Instruction, spoke about the effort Thursday at the
Tribal Leaders Summit.

For the past year, the department has interviewed elders from all five of the
state's tribes to develop themes about Native Americans deemed important for
students to learn, she said.

Those themes are being drafted into a document called "Essential
Understandings," which Fredericks said will be finalized by the end of October
and made available at www.nd.gov/dpi.

"This will lay the foundation for Indian Education for All that we will develop
in North Dakota," she said.

Indian Education for All started as an initiative in Montana to ensure all the
state's students learn about Native American history and culture. North Dakota
Superintendent Kirsten Baesler has said she wants launch a similar program.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FATA MPs briefed on HEC plans for Tribal Areas

LENGTH: 589  words


A group of Parliamentarians from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA)
visited Higher Education Commission Secretariat here on Monday to discuss HEC
initiatives for promotion of higher education in the tribal areas. Dr. Mukhtar
Ahmed, Chairman HEC, briefed them in detail about Commission's core activities,
particularly different initiatives for FATA region.

The meeting was attended by Muhammad Nazir Khan, Parliamentary Secretary,
Ministry of Federal Education and Professional Training, Muhammad Jamalud Din,
Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi, Nasir Khan, Sajid Hussain Turi, Ghalib Khan, and Syed
Ghazi Ghulab Jamal. Dr. Arshad Ali, Executive Director HEC, Dr. Ghulam Raza
Bhatti, Member (Operations and Planning) HEC and other senior management of the
Commission were also present.

Briefing the parliamentarians on HEC's core aims in general, and initiatives for
promotion of higher education in FATA in particular, the Chairman said that HEC
is committed to ensuring development of FATA through increased access of tribal
students to higher education. Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed said that so far 6633 FATA
students have benefited from Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Programme for
MPhil and PhD studies, while 2750 students from FATA have been awarded
scholarships under HEC's programme for undergraduate and postgraduate students.

He informed the guests that over 3000 student from FATA have also been provided
scholarships under HEC Merit and Need-based Scholarship Programme, while a
number of scholars have also availed foreign scholarships for PhD studies as
well as Cuban Government's scholarships for medical studies. He further said
that so far 1800 FATA students have been provided laptops under Prime Minister's
Laptop Scheme.

"HEC believes in a holistic approach towards development and ensures that
quality is not compromised at any level," he said.

Addressing concerns of parliamentarians over location of FATA University, the
Chairman said that location for establishment of FATA University had been
controversial for years, however HEC proposed that the University campuses
should be set up in each Agency once the University is established. "Our
proposal was admired and now we have FATA University on the ground," he said
while assuring that campuses of the University will be established in each
Agency. Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, while describing HEC's overall endeavours for
promotion of higher education in the country, said that HEC has made remarkable
progress in increasing access rate, ensuring equity, improving quality, and
focusing on relevance of education and research in the country.

He revealed that before the inception of HEC in 2002, the number of higher
education institutions was only 59, but now the number of universities has
reached 180. He further said that HEC, with support of the Government, is
working on establishment of university campuses in every district. He said HEC
is following nocompromise policy on quality of education, for which
universities' faculty requirements are being fulfilled through various capacity
building programmes.

Similarly, he said, strict measures are being taken to curb plagiarism. He also
informed the lawmakers that number of journal publications has reached 10,000,
which was around 800 in 2002. He said only 11000 faculty members of Pakistan's
higher education institutions are PhD while Pakistan currently requires more
than 30,000 PhD faculty. "HEC is following the target through its various
scholarship and human resource development programmes," the Chairman affirmed.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Institute of American Indian Arts has issued the following news release:

The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced $9.7
million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and
educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance
for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

Washington: Office of Community Services Programs for Native Youth

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued the
following news release:



 As citizens of tribal nations, Native youth have a special role in leading
Native cultures, traditions, and governments into the next century. But there
are many challenges. Native children are far more likely than their non-Native
peers to grow up in poverty, suffer from severe health problems, and face
obstacles to educational opportunity. These conditions are systemic and severe,
and must be addressed through increased resources and strategic action.





 In recognition of Native American Heritage Month and in celebration of the next
generation of tribal leaders, the Office of Community Services (OCS) wants to
highlight several programs that can create more opportunities for Native youth
engagement, empowerment, education, and employment. Our programs target many
issues that disproportionately afflict tribal communities.

 Community Services Block Grant



 The Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) funding can be used to address the
needs of youth in low-income communities, and OCS sees it as a resource to help
address mental health challenges all too common in Native communities. In FY
2015, several tribal grantees included specific suicide prevention activities in
their CSBG Tribal Plans, including youth suicide prevention activities and
programs.

 Assets for Independence



 Tribal governments can apply jointly with non-profit organizations for our
Assets for Independence (AFI) program, which provide five-year grants to develop
and implement asset-building initiatives that empower low-income individuals and
families. AFI grantees help participants set up savings accounts for particular
goals, including saving for college or technical school, and every dollar is
matched by the AFI project. In FY 2015, AFI awards totaling $1,054,000 went to
work in tribal communities, helping empower Native American youth and their
families around the country.

 Community Economic Development



 Too many Native youth grow up in poverty; according to Census data, two of our
nation's five poorest countiesVisit disclaimer page are within reservations. The
Community Economic Development (CED) program makes grants to local non-profit
business organizations. These organizations work as Community Development
Corporations, partnering with trainers, educational institutions, developers,
and investors to create sustainable businesses that hire low-income individuals.
CED can help families overcome the structural barriers to economic attainment
and escape unemployment and poverty.

 Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program



 A burgeoning field of research suggests that household energy security is
correlated with stronger outcomes for child developmentVisit disclaimer page.
Each year, OCS awards approximately $36 million in Low Income Home Energy
Assistance Program (LIHEAP) funds to over 150 tribes and tribal organizations
located in 25 states. LIHEAP offers home energy assistance in the forms of
heating, cooling, or crisis assistance payments, as well as weatherization
assistance to help bring long-term energy efficiency. These resources are aimed
at averting home energy crises for Native American households, many of which are
headed by parents with children, elderly or disabled household members. LIHEAP
helps families build safer and more secure homes.

 Getting Involved and the Native-Asset Building Initiative



 Applying for these programs can be daunting for new organizations and agencies,
so OCS and relevant agencies are proactive in working with tribes to provide
guidance and technical assistance through the application process. The
Administration for Native Americans (ANA) provides workshops to assist tribes
and native non-profits to prepare competitive applications. These
pre-application training sessions are offered free of charge to tribes and
Native American, Native Alaskan and Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander
non-profit organizations. Between 2011 and 2015, a partnership between AFI and
ANA called the Native-Asset Building Initiative, or NABI, helped 15 tribal
organizations build assets, supporting families one home or education at a time.




 As President Obama said on a 2015 visit to Choctaw Nation:



 "We've got a special obligation to make sure that tribal youth have every
opportunity to achieve their potential not just for the benefit of themselves
and their communities, but for our entire nation."



 The Office of Community Services strongly supports the President's vision, and
continues to work to fulfill it.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Researcher uses tribal wisdom

BYLINE: By Amanda Bradford ambradfo@nmsu.edu

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 368 words


LAS CRUCES, N.M. >> Relationships. Sharing. Trust. Usefulness. These are some of
the attributes that are highly valued in indigenous cultures. Meanwhile, recent
headlines outside these tribal communities too often relate tales of how some
business leaders have breached the public trust and prioritized personal gain
rather than helping others.

But research going on in New Mexico State University's College of Business has
shown that commonalities do exist between business ethics and tribal wisdom.

Grace Ann Rosile is studying how Native American tribal values can be applied in
today's business world. Today, technology has created a "global village" and
these ancient ethical perspectives, which come from tribal communities, suddenly
seem very relevant again.

Rosile, an associate professor of management at NMSU's College of Business, has
been a Daniels Fund Ethics fellow since 2010, when the university received a
$1.25 million grant to develop a principle-based ethics program over five years.
The grant is part of the Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative, whose goal is to
strengthen principle-based ethics education and foster a high standard of ethics
in young people.

Rosile worked with local filmmakers to produce a 30-minute video that explores
some of the common themes that unite business ethics and tribal ethics. The "
Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics" film is an effective teaching and outreach
tool, she said, because it presents traditional ideas from an indigenous
perspective.

"It doesn't work as well when we as researchers try to say what these Native
people are saying," she said. "We have to let them speak for themselves."

The film -- along with six accompanying teaching videos that are about 10-15
minutes each -- serves as a platform and showcase for the scholarly work that's
being done in tribal ethics, she said.

"Tribal wisdom," Rosile says in the film, "is about what people have learned
through the centuries about living together in harmony. In harmony with each
other - that individuals in the group do not need to be in conflict - and in
harmony with the whole universe - with Earth, the rocks, the plants, the trees -
and with humans, all living in a harmonious, balanced world."

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Phillips Photo NMSU business professor Grace Ann Rosile displays
a tile bearing the Tribal Wisdom for Business Ethics logo. Darren Phillips Photo
NMSU business professor Grace Ann Rosile displays a tile bearing the Tribal
Wisdom for Business Ethics logo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

USDA dedicates $9.7M to diversify agriculture

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Institute of American Indian Arts has issued the following news release:

The US Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced $9.7
million in grants to 62 community-based and non-profit organizations, and
educational institutions to conduct training, outreach and technical assistance
for socially disadvantaged (including tribal) and veteran farmers and ranchers.

These awards are distributed through the Outreach and Assistance to Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program."

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are diverse in experience, background and
knowledge, giving us the tools we need to build a resilient agricultural
system," said Vilsack. "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment
to identify, recruit and train a vibrant next generation of farmers and ranchers
who can carry American agriculture into the future. It is also part of our
pledge to assist military veterans find economic opportunity as they return to
civilian life."

Secretary Vilsack made the announcement at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations
Conference, a gathering of leaders from the country's 566 federally recognized
Tribes. The 2501 Program primarily partners with Historically Black Land Grant
Universities (1890 Land Grant Institutions), Native American Land Grant Tribal
Colleges and Universities (1994 Land Grant Institutions), Hispanic-Serving
Institutions of higher education, and community-based and non-profit
organizations that work with minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

The 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250 partners since
2010. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Outreach.

Of the announced grants, 31 (50 percent) will support efforts in states
participating in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative,
an effort to direct USDA support and services to underserved rural areas
experiencing chronic poverty. Twenty-five (39 percent) of the grants will go to
partnerships directly targeting veterans interested in farming and are part of
USDA's enhanced commitment to expanding services to veterans in agriculture.
Twelve grants (20 percent) will directly benefit tribal and native communities.

This year's awards will be distributed in 34 states, Puerto Rico and the
Federated States of Micronesia and are part of USDA's efforts to support new and
beginning farmers.

During his remarks at the Tribal Nations Conference, the Secretary announced
additional support to Native communities including:

A $5.4 million loan to upgrade broadband service for residents of New Mexico's
Mescalero Apache Reservation. This is the first telecommunications loan USDA has
made under the Substantially Underserved Trust Area (SUTA) provision of the 2008
Farm Bill. Congress implemented SUTA to help USDA's Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) improve Tribal infrastructure including offering Tribal borrowers lower
interest rates and extended payment terms for RUS loans. It also waives some
requirements that applicants provide matching funds for approved projects.
    28 loans and grants totaling $4.1 million to 1994 Land Grant Tribal Colleges
through USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities program. This program
provides loans and grants to construct, enlarge or improve community facilities
for health care, public safety and public services.
    Partnerships between USDA and three Tribal Colleges (Oglala Lakota College,
Kyle, S.D.; Institute of American Indian Arts, Santa Fe, N.M.; United Tribes
Technical College, Bismarck, N.D.) to provide grant writing assistance and other
services to help traditionally underserved communities access federal resources
as appropriate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 4, 2002 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Bush policy to support tribal colleges

BYLINE: JODI RAVE LEE, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 684 words


President Bush signed an executive order Wednesday calling for the government
and private sector to support the country's 32 tribal colleges and universities.

"The federal government's commitment to tribal colleges is reaffirmed, and the
private sector can and should contribute to the colleges' educational and
cultural missions," wrote Bush in his order, adding that his No Child Left
Behind Act would include tribal colleges.

The president's order creates a 14-member presidential advisory board for  which
Bush named as chairman Ron McNeil, president of the Sitting Bull   College of
North Dakota's Standing Rock Reservation.

Additionally, Bush's new policy requires participating federal agencies to
explain, in a three-year plan to the newly created White House Initiative on
Tribal  Colleges and Universities, how they'll get involved with the colleges.

Gerald E. Gipp, executive director of the American Indian Higher Education
Consortium, attended the signing of the order at the White House.

"Witnessing President Bush signing the executive order confirmed this
administration's support of our nation's tribal colleges and universities, the
federally recognized tribes they represent, and the students and communities
they serve," Gipp said.

Tribal colleges serve purposes beyond offering an education. They help preserve
languages and cultural traditions, provide job training and other
career-building programs to adults and senior citizens, and provide crucial
services in communities plagued by high unemployment.

Bush's policy is expected to breathe life into tribal colleges' financial
leverage,  which often leaves schools struggling from one grant to another.

Under the Tribally Controlled Community College Act, tribal colleges receive
about half the funding per student when compared to mainstream community
colleges.

"Sometimes we just barely survive," said Ed Webster, vice president of
development for Nebraska Indian Community College based in Macy.  "This
initiative will open a lot of doors."

Here's a list of the president's tribal college advisory board:

Ann Marie Downes of Homer, Neb. - member of Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska and
president of Little Priest Tribal College.

David W. Anderson of Edina, Minn. -member of Chippewa and Choctaw tribes and
chairman of Famous Dave's of America.

Carl J. Artman of Golden, Colo.-  member of Oneida Nation of Wisconsin and
general counsel and vice president of business development at CorAccess Systems,
LLC.

Eddie F. Brown of Chesterfield, Mo. - member of Pascua Yagui Tribe and associate
dean for community affairs and director of Kathryn M. Buder Center for American
Indian Studies at Washington University in St. Louis.

Thomas J. Cole of Moore, Okla. - member of Chickasaw Nation and president of
Cole, Hargrave, Snodgrass, & Associates, a political consulting firm.

Kathryn L. Domenici of Albuquerque, N.M. - owner of Communications Services,
instructor at University of New Mexico  and partner in Domenici Littlejohn.

Mark O. Hatfield of Tilamook, Ore. - former U.S. senator from Oregon and adjunct
professor at Portland State University, Lewis & Clark College and George Fox
University.

Daniel G. Keating of Tulsa, Okla. - president of Summit Consolidated Group.

David J. Matheson of Worley, Idaho - member of Coeur d' Alene Tribe and chief
executive officer of Coeur d' Alene Casino.

Martha A. McLeod of Brimley, Mich. - founding president of Bay Mills Community
College and provost and vice president for charter schools of the college.

Karen M. Gayton Swisher of Lawrence, Kan. - member of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
and president of Haskell Indian Nations University

Della C. Warrior of Santa Fe, N.M. - member of Otoe-Missouria Tribe and
president and development director of Institute of American Indian Arts.

Richard B. Williams of Broomfield, Colo. - member of Oglala Sioux Tribe and
executive director of American Indian College Fund.

Reach Jodi Rave at (402) 473-7240 or jrave@journalstar.com.

The following fields overflowed:

REFERENCE = nat/704/4a/tribal colleges/kc nat/704/4a/tribal colleges/kc

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Parliamentarians from FATA briefed on HEC initiatives

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 329

LENGTH: 594  words


A group of Parliamentarians from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA)
visited Higher Education Commission Secretariat here on Monday to discuss HEC
initiatives for promotion of higher education in the tribal areas. Dr. Mukhtar
Ahmed, Chairman HEC, briefed them in detail about Commission's core activities,
particularly different initiatives for FATA region.

The meeting was attended by Mr. Mohammad Nazir Khan, Parliamentary Secretary,
Ministry of Federal Education and Professional Training, Mr. Mohammad Jamal ud
Din, Mr. Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi, Mr. Nasir Khan, Mr. Sajid Hussain Turi, Mr.
Ghalib Khan, and Syed Ghazi Ghulab Jamal. Dr. Arshad Ali, Executive Director
HEC, Dr. Ghulam Raza Bhatti, Member (Operations and Planning) HEC and other
senior management of the Commission were also present.

Briefing the parliamentarians on HEC's core aims in general, and initiatives for
promotion of higher education in FATA in particular, the Chairman said that HEC
is committed to ensuring development of FATA through increased access of tribal
students to higher education. Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed said that so far 6633 FATA
students have benefited from Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Programme for
MPhil and PhD studies, while 2750 students from FATA have been awarded
scholarships under HEC's programme for undergraduate and postgraduate students.

He informed the guests that over 3000 student from FATA have also been provided
scholarships under HEC Merit and Need-based Scholarship Programme, while a
number of scholars have also availed foreign scholarships for PhD studies as
well as Cuban Government's scholarships for medical studies. He further said
that so far 1800 FATA students have been provided laptops under Prime Minister's
Laptop Scheme. "HEC believes in a holistic approach towards development and
ensures that quality is not compromised at any level," he said.

Addressing concerns of parliamentarians over location of FATA University, the
Chairman said that location for establishment of FATA University had been
controversial for years, however HEC proposed that the University campuses
should be set up in each Agency once the University is established. "Our
proposal was admired and now we have FATA University on the ground," he said
while assuring that campuses of the University will be established in each
Agency.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, while describing HEC's overall endeavours for promotion of
higher education in the country, said that HEC has made remarkable progress in
increasing access rate, ensuring equity, improving quality, and focusing on
relevance of education and research in the country. He revealed that before the
inception of HEC in 2002, the number of higher education institutions was only
59, but now the number of universities has reached 180.

He further said that HEC, with support of the Government, is working on
establishment of university campuses in every district. He said HEC is following
no-compromise policy on quality of education, for which universities' faculty
requirements are being fulfilled through various capacity building programmes.
Similarly, he said, strict measures are being taken to curb plagiarism. He also
informed the lawmakers that number of journal publications has reached 10,000,
which was around 800 in 2002. He said only 11000 faculty members of Pakistan's
higher education institutions are PhD while Pakistan currently requires more
than 30,000 PhD faculty. "HEC is following the target through its various
scholarship and human resource development programmes," the Chairman affirmed.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 13, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tribal colleges bridge culture gap to future

BYLINE: Mary Beth Marklein

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 870 words

DATELINE: MISSION, S.D.


MISSION, S.D. -- "Take up and master the skills of the white
man," Lakota warrior Sinte Gleska counseled his people more than
100 years ago. In an increasingly white-dominated world, he believed,
education -- a white concept -- would be Native Americans' secret
to survival.

The Sicangu Lakota still battle poverty and disease, but the 27-year-old
Sinte Gleska University has become a source of pride and a symbol
of hope for the 24,200 Native Americans on the Rosebud reservation.

"The visions of our forefathers and grandmothers are alive and
well," says university president Lionel Bordeaux, who has watched
the college blossom from a two-year school offering 32 courses
and five majors to 132 students into a university boasting 18
bachelor's degrees and a master's in education for close to 1,000.


Similar stories can be found at the 30 other tribal colleges in
12 states, which together enroll about 26,500 full- and part-time
students. There's "a new mood of optimism and self-respect among
native people," Paul Boyer concluded last year in a report for
the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. There
are signs the outside world is taking notice:

-- The Clinton administration recently named the first director
of the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities.

-- President Clinton singled out the institutions for the first
time in his proposed budget for the Higher Education Act. He recommends
$ 5 million.

-- Recent proposals in Congress push for $ 10 million in programs
for tribal colleges.

-- Tribal colleges earned land-grant status in 1994, giving them
access to U.S. Department of Agriculture resources.

-- Native American education is attracting grants from such groups
as the Kellogg and Ford foundations, the Pew Charitable Trust
and Philip Morris Cos. Inc. Actress Winona Ryder recently joined
the board of the American Indian College Fund.

Still, the often tense relationship between Native Americans and
federal and state governments confounds most tribes, which depend
on government money even as they work toward independence.

Welfare reform, which mandates job training and sets time limits
for recipients, presents tribal colleges with their newest challenge.
While they welcome the enrollment surges of 10% to 100% per year,
colleges struggle to meet the needs of their growing constituency
and think state and federal governments should pick up the extra
tab.

Tribal colleges were underfunded even before welfare reform, supporters
say. At $ 3,017 per Native American student, federal funding for
core operations is below the 1994 high of $ 3,178 and the $ 5,820
authorized by Congress. Tribal colleges get no federal money for
non-Native American enrollees, who account for about 10% of tribal
college enrollment.

And tribal colleges lack access to other resources. Most don't
get state funding, and alumni support is minimal. Most casino
revenue goes to basics, such as clothing and feeding children.

While full-time tuition at tribal colleges is a relative bargain
(a 1994-95 average of $ 1,580, compared with $ 2,686 at four-year
state schools), many can't afford it. Though 87% qualify for Pell
Grants for low-income students, only 50% of tribal college students
get them. The student loan default rate is so high on reservations
that most colleges discourage them. Still, colleges rarely turn
away applicants.

Most colleges get by "with a lot of prayer and hope," says Bordeaux,
who had to cut salaries 10% when a vocational grant expired recently.

Tribal colleges, most of which offer only two-year degrees, remain
a small player in Native American higher education, together enrolling
the equivalent of 11,096 full-time students, a fraction of the
131,000 Native Americans in U.S. colleges.

But an American Indian Higher Education Consortium survey suggests
tribal college education improves Native Americans' chance for
success. It found that of the 42% of tribal college graduates
who transfer to a mainstream institution, 90% get bachelor's degrees.
Only 30% of Native Americans who enter mainstream institutions
as freshmen graduate, other data show.

For many older adults, education -- especially at reservation
boarding schools, where students were forbidden to observe tribal
customs and speak the native language -- symbolizes all they despise
about mainstream society.

Now tribal colleges, patterned after mainstream institutions and
accredited under their guidelines, are reconstructing themselves
to reflect tribal culture. Students might consult elders rather
than read textbooks, for instance. While some faculty members
hold doctorates, course books credit others as having "known
expertise in Lakota studies."

And Sinte Gleska is building a campus designed to reflect traditional
Lakota spirituality relating to earth and sky.

The campus, being built with a $ 10 million grant from the Los
Angeles-based Patrick Lannan Foundation, will sit on land that
once housed a boarding school. Bordeaux hopes it will "provide
a balance or positive effect for those who have lingering negative
(feelings)."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Cardin Leads Effort to Create Jobs, Preserve Historic Sites

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Ben Cardin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee, is urging Senate appropriators to support economic
development, job creation and the preservation of our national heritage. In a
letter addressed to Interior, Environment & Related Agencies Subcommittee
Chairman Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Ranking Member Tom Udall (D-N.M.), Cardin
and 21 other senators called for the appropriation of $89.1 million, as
recommended in the President's Budget Proposal, to The Historic Preservation
Fund (HPF) for Fiscal Year 2016.

"Across Maryland and the United States there are a wealth of historic structures
whose preservation is critical to understanding our past and creating jobs in
the future," said Senator Cardin, author of the Thurgood Marshall's Elementary
School Study Act and the President Street Station Study Act. "In a time of
austere federal budgets, we need to be looking at meaningful ways to get the
most out of every dollar. This important federal investment would create much
needed jobs and ensure the protection of historic resources nationwide that
might otherwise be lost forever."

Of the total request, $46.925 million is for State Historic Preservation Offices
(SHPOs), $9.985 million is for Tribal Historic Preservation Offices (THPOs), and
$500,000 is for grants to underserved communities. In addition, this request
includes $30 million for the Civil Rights competitive grants initiative and $2.5
million for competitive grants for Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

In 2014, the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit, administered by SHPOs,
leveraged more than $4.32 billion in private investment and over the life of the
program, has created 2.4 million jobs.

The full text of the letter follows and can be downloaded here.

The Honorable Lisa Murkowski
The Honorable Tom Udall

Chairman
Ranking Member

Interior, Environment & Related Agencies                               Interior,
Environment & Related Agencies

131 Dirksen Senate Office Building
125 Hart Senate Office  Building

Washington D.C. 20515
Washington D.C. 20515

Dear Chairman Murkowski and Ranking Member Udall:

We write requesting that you support economic development, job creation, and our
national heritage by appropriating $89.1 million in funding for the Historic
Preservation Fund (HPF) for Fiscal Year 2016, as recommended in the President's
Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposal. Of the total request, $46.925 million is for
State Historic Preservation Offices (SHPOs), $9.985 million is for Tribal
Historic Preservation Offices (THPOs), and $500,000 is for grants to underserved
communities. In addition, this request includes $30 million for the Civil Rights
competitive grants initiative and $2.5 million for competitive grants for
Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

Tying all of our Nation's historic preservation programs together are the SHPOs
and THPOs. SHPOs carry out the National Historic Preservation Act which provides
citizens the tools they need to revitalize, rehabilitate, and protect the places
that give meaning to America. Funding for SHPOs leverages investments through
local jobs, non-federal contributions and long-term economic development. In
2014, the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit, administered by SHPOs, leveraged
more than $4.32 billion in private investment and over the life of the program,
has created 2.4 million jobs. In 2014, SHPOs also reviewed more than 103,000
federal undertakings for their impact on historic resources and surveyed more
than 16.5 million acres for cultural resources.

THPOs carry-out many of the same functions as SHPOs in tribal areas. There are
now 154 THPOs, compared to only 12 in FY1996 when the program was first funded.
Unfortunately, the amount of HPF funds appropriated is not keeping pace with
this expansion. The addition of new THPOs each year keeps the average level of
support per THPO suppressed at around $60,000, barely enough to operate a
program. With the anticipated increase in the number of THPOs in 2015, the
additional $1 million will result in keeping THPOs at their current funding
level.

Funding these core and essential historic preservation programs represents a
true investment in America's treasured legacy multiplied many times over through
public-private partnerships that benefit economic development in areas across
the country. Most importantly, this important federal investment would create
much needed jobs and ensure the protection of historic resources nationwide that
might otherwise be lost forever.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

BRAIN Initiative: Exploratory Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - eTargetedBCP
(R21)

LENGTH: 803  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-015



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Exploratory Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects -
eTargetedBCP (R21)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    10



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 08, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $2,000,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $200,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Small businesses

      State governments

      Private institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Independent school districts

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      County governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Special district governments

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This FOA solicits applications for exploratory research projects that use
innovative, methodologically-integrated approaches to understand how circuit
activity gives rise to mental experience and behavior. Applications should offer
a limited scope of aims and an approach that will establish feasibility,
validity or other technically qualifying results that, if successful, would
support a potential, subsequent Targeted Brain Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP
R01, as described in the companion FOA (RFA-NS-17-014).



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-015.html



      Grantor Contact Information:


       If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



       NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV

       In case of any query regarding this article or other content please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com










LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                             March 10, 2013 Sunday

Tribute to Balouchi nationalism

BYLINE:  M. Umar Farooq Baloch

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 608

LENGTH: 402  words


Over the years perceptions had created that sardari and tribal system is the
only reason of Balouch economic and social collapse. We cannot deny that this
reality but as picture has two faces so Balochistan scenario also possess
different aspects.

Our media and ruling elite remained in-touch in such discussions and standard
assumptions as the sardars and nawabs are the main cause of the province's
socio-economic backwardness; the Balouch uprising is foreign-funded; and
Baluchistan is fully empowered and governed by the locals.

There are various positive aspects which could encourage the masses to come out
of their limited bound and could be able to see the positive aspect of picture,
but unfortunately there are few steps initiated and no serious efforts have been
made to understand Balochistan, beyond the fact that the province is a
mineral-rich region that produces natural gas, and is a colony populated by
tribal warlords and their impoverished subjects.

On the other hand, the education sector's various initiatives have taken by
nationalist Baloch tribal chiefs by opining the universities, schools and other
centers of learning without any discrimination. In the early 1930s, Nawab Yousuf
Aziz Magsi established the first educational institution Jamia-e-Yousufia in
Jhal Magsi.

He brought revolutionary changes in Baloch community by encouraging education
and opposing the sardari system, despite being a tribal sardar himself. Being
very concerned about the welfare of the Baloch youth, he widely campaigned for
social and political reforms in the province.

During mid 20th century, the Khan of Kalat provided scholarships to young people
to help them gaining access to education in some of the best colleges and
universities of sub-continent. He also sought help from the British to establish
schools and colleges in Baluchistan.

After 1970s, in the government of Sardar Attaullah Mengal and his visionary
education minister, Mir Gul Khan Nasir, contributed Balochistan with a
university and hundreds of schools and colleges, including a medical college.
Special economic zones, including Hub Industrial Area were the milestones of
Baloch nationalist sardars who wanted their people to be empowered. These are
some positive initiatives of Balochistan and there would be so many in future,
but the need is to eradicate the negative seeds and setting forth the surface
with progressive steps as well.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces DHS Anti-terrorism Grant Opportunities for Local
Communities, Higher Ed Institutions and Private Organizations

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who chairs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Appropriations Committee, today announced that DHS will issue a Notice of
Funding Opportunity announcing the new Countering Violent Extremism Grant
Program. The FY16 funding dedicated to this effort is $10 million, as part of a
total $50 million effort to counter complex, coordinated terrorist attacks and
violent extremism.





 "These grants are designed to support community-led initiatives across the
country and enhance the nation's ability to prevent and mitigate threats posed
by violent extremism," Hoeven said.



 The new grant program represents the first competitive grant program made
available to local communities, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and
institutions of higher education to counter violent extremism (CVE). Eligible
parties will have 60 days to prepare and submit an application for federal
funding to sort local CVE efforts. The Notice of Funding Opportunity for the CVE
program will be available at www.grants.gov.



 The new CVE grant program will support the efforts of state, local and tribal
partners and community groups--religious groups, mental health and social
service providers, educators and other NGOs--to build prevention programs that
address the root causes of violent extremism and deter individuals who may
already be radicalizing to violence.



 In December, 2015, Congress passed DHS Appropriations Act of 2016, which
provides $50 million for "countering violent extremism initiative to help states
and local communities prepare for, prevent and respond to emergent threats from
violent extremism."



 Congress directed that all CVE initiatives be provided on a competitive basis
directly to states, local governments, tribal governments, nonprofit
organizations, or institutions of higher education. Examples of eligible
activities for the CVE initiatives include "planning, developing, implementing,
or expanding educational outreach, community engagement, social service
programs, training, and exercises, as well as other activities as determined
appropriate."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Exploratory Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - eTargetedBCP
(R21)

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-015



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Exploratory Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects -
eTargetedBCP (R21)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    10



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 08, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $2,000,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $200,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Special district governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      City or township governments

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      County governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Independent school districts

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      State governments

      Private institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This FOA solicits applications for exploratory research projects that use
innovative, methodologically-integrated approaches to understand how circuit
activity gives rise to mental experience and behavior. Applications should offer
a limited scope of aims and an approach that will establish feasibility,
validity or other technically qualifying results that, if successful, would
support a potential, subsequent Targeted Brain Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP
R01, as described in the companion FOA (RFA-NS-17-014).



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-015.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV







LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Marijuana, Prescription Opioid, or Prescription Benzodiazepine Drug Use Among
Older Adults (R21)

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PA-17-197

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Marijuana, Prescription Opioid, or Prescription
Benzodiazepine Drug Use Among Older Adults (R21)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 93.866 -- Aging Research

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 07, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 07, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Jun 12, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $200,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS,
other than institutions of higher education

 Independent school districts

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Special district governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 State governments

 City or township governments

 Small businesses

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 County governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    Despite significant scientific advancements made in substance
use disorder research over the last century, the causes and consequences of drug
use in later life remain poorly understood. The intent of this funding
opportunity announcement is to support innovative research that examines aspects
of marijuana and prescription opioid and benzodiazepine use in adults aged 50
and older. This FOA encourages research that examines the determinants of these
types of drug use and/or characterizes the resulting neurobiological
alterations, associated behaviors, and public health consequences. This
initiative will focus on two distinct populations of older adults: individuals
with earlier onset of drug use who are now entering this stage of adult
development or individuals who initiate drug use after the age of 50.
Applications are encouraged to utilize broad methodologies ranging from basic
science, clinical, and epidemiological approaches. The insights gleaned from
this initiative are critical to our understanding of the determinants of drug
use in later life, as well as its consequences in the aging brain and on
behavior. This knowledge may have the potential to identify risk factors and to
guide clinical practices in older populations.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Fata varsity's campus to be set up in each agency, says HEC

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 267

LENGTH: 472  words


A group of parliamentarians from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata)
visited the Higher Education Commission (HEC) Secretariat on Monday to discuss
the initiatives the commission had taken for the promotion of higher education
in the country's tribal region.

HEC Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed briefed them about the commission's core
activities, particularly the initiatives taken for the region.

The meeting was attended by Muhammad Nazir Khan, parliamentary secretary,
ministry of federal education and professional training, Muhammad Jamalud Din,
Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi, Nasir Khan, Sajid Hussain Turi, Ghalib Khan and Syed
Ghazi Ghulab Jamal. HEC Executive Director Dr Arshad Ali, member for operations
and planning Dr Ghulam Raza Bhatti and other senior management of the commission
also attended.

Briefing the parliamentarians on the commission's aims in general and
initiatives for the promotion of higher education in Fata in particular, the HEC
chairman said his department was committed to ensuring development in Fata
through increased access of tribal students to higher education.

He said that so far 6,633 students from the region had benefited from the Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Programme for MPhil and PhD studies, and 2,750
students had been awarded scholarships under the HEC programme for undergraduate
and postgraduate students.

Ahmed informed the guests that over 3,000 Fata students had also been provided
with scholarships under the HEC Merit and Need-based Scholarship Programme, and
a number of scholars had also availed themselves of foreign scholarships for PhD
studies and the Cuban government's scholarships for medical studies.

He added that so far 1,800 Fata students had been provided with laptops under
the Prime Minister's Laptop Scheme. "The HEC believes in a holistic approach
towards development and ensures that quality is not compromised at any level."

Addressing concerns of parliamentarians over the location of a university
planned for Fata, the HEC chairman mentioned that the location for the
establishment of the university had been controversial for years, but the
commission had proposed that a campus be set up in each trial agency after the
establishment of the university.

"Our proposal was admired and now we have the Fata University on the ground," he
said.

Describing the HEC's endeavours for the promotion of higher education in the
country, Ahmed said the commission had made remarkable progress in increasing
access, ensuring equity, improving quality and focusing on the relevance of
education and research in the country.

Before the inception of the HEC in 2002, the number of higher education
institutions was only 59, but now the number of universities had reached 180,
and a number of journal publications had reached 10,000, which was around 800 in
2002, he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Group of Fata parliamentarians visits HEC

BYLINE: Myra Imran

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 266

LENGTH: 586  words


A group of parliamentarians from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata)
visited Higher Education Commission (HEC) Secretariat on Monday to discuss HEC
initiatives for promotion of higher education in the tribal areas.

HEC Chairman Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed briefed the visiting Parliamentarians in detail
about Commission's core activities, particularly different initiatives for Fata
region.

The meeting was attended by Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Federal
Education and Professional Training Muhammad Nazir Khan, Muhammad Jamalud Din,
Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi, Nasir Khan, Sajid Hussain Turi, Ghalib Khan, and Syed
Ghazi Ghulab Jamal. Executive Director HEC Dr. Arshad Ali, Member (Operations
and Planning) HEC Dr. Ghulam Raza Bhatti and other senior management of the
Commission were also present.

Briefing the parliamentarians on HEC's core aims in general, and initiatives for
promotion of higher education in Fata in particular, the Chairman said that HEC
is committed to ensuring development of Fata through increased access of tribal
students to higher education.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed said that so far 6,633 Fata students have benefited from Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Program for M.Phil and Ph.D studies, while 2750
students from Fata have been awarded scholarships under HEC's program for
undergraduate and postgraduate students.

He informed the guests that over 3,000 student from Fata have also been provided
scholarships under HEC Merit and Need-based Scholarship Program, while a number
of scholars have also availed foreign scholarships for PhD studies as well as
Cuban Government's scholarships for medical studies. He further said that so far
1,800 Fata students have been provided laptops under Prime Minister's Laptop
Scheme. "HEC believes in a holistic approach towards development and ensures
that quality is not compromised at any level," he said.

Addressing concerns of parliamentarians over location of Fata University, the
Chairman said that location for establishment of Fata University had been
controversial for years, however HEC proposed that the University campuses
should be set up in each Agency once the University is established. "Our
proposal was admired and now we have Fata University on the ground," he said
while assuring that campuses of the University will be established in each
Agency.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, while describing HEC's overall endeavours for promotion of
higher education in the country, said that HEC has made remarkable progress in
increasing access rate, ensuring equity, improving quality, and focusing on
relevance of education and research in the country. He revealed that before the
inception of HEC in 2002, the number of higher education institutions was only
59, but now the number of universities has reached 180.

He further said that HEC is working on establishment of university campuses in
every district. He said HEC is following no-compromise policy on quality of
education, for which universities' faculty requirements are being fulfilled
through various capacity building program. Similarly, he said, strict measures
are being taken to curb plagiarism. He also informed the lawmakers that number
of journal publications has reached 10,000, which was around 800 in 2002. He
said only 11000 faculty members of Pakistan's higher education institutions are
PhD while Pakistan currently requires more than 30,000 PhD faculty. "HEC is
following the target through its various scholarship and human resource
development program," the Chairman affirmed.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 13, 2000 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

UNL, tribes work on partnership Committee meets, sets future goals

BYLINE: JODI RAVE LEE, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 565 words


After meeting for the first time 12 weeks ago, a University of Nebraska-Lincoln
steering committee regrouped Tuesday, giving itself a name, a schedule and an
ambitious plan to begin working with native communities.

"This university has had a historic role of supporting people of Nebraska, but
not all the people of Nebraska," said UNL interim Chancellor Harvey Perlman, who
visited the meeting for about 15 minutes. "We have lots of work to do."

About a dozen people representing UNL, tribal colleges, native citizens and area
tribes met on campus during the four-hour meeting, which was co-chaired by Rick
Thomas, a Santee Sioux Tribe councilman, and Michelle Waite, Perlman's community
relations assistant.

After falling into parliamentary rules of order, the group agreed to call itself
the UNL Tribal Partnership Initiative Task Force, to meet every two months
throughout the state and to create a seven-member executive committee.

It also began filling positions on each of its three subcommittees, charged with
focusing on three areas:

Recruiting and retaining native students and teachers.

Promoting tribal economic development.

Working with tribal colleges to expand distance learning and prepare students.

So far, a committee has planned to work with the state's two tribal colleges,
Little Priest and Nebraska Indian Community College, and the four tribes that
are members of the Nebraska Commission on Indian Affairs -- the Ponca, Santee,
Winnebago and Omaha.

The group, however, plans to extend an invitation to the Lakota in western
Nebraska and South Dakota, including Oglala Community College at Pine Ridge,
S.D., and Sinte Gleska University at Rosebud, S.D. It may also include the Ioway
and Sac and Fox tribes, whose reservations include land near the Kansas-Nebraska
border.

"We're here to empower the tribes and state to recognize
government-to-government relations," said Judi Morgan, executive director of the
Nebraska Commission on Indian Affairs.

Paul Olson, a UNL English professor, suggested that other people who wanted to
be involved in steering committee collaborations could possibly serve advisory
roles.

Meanwhile, Thomas was ready to put the newly organized task force to work. He
suggested UNL and the tribes pursue a $250,000 Justice Department grant. He
hopes Nebraska can develop a model program designed to help American Indian
youth in the juvenile justice system.

"We know the problems on our reservation," Thomas said. "The professors know the
terminology."

To date, 19 UNL faculty and staff members have contacted Waite to volunteer
their assistance.

Thomas was quick to point out successful relationships between universities and
native people. He said the University of South Dakota and the University of
North Dakota have helped reservations and their community colleges with alcohol
abuse programs, tribal court systems and criminal justice curricula.

South Dakota's native population is 60,335, North Dakota's is 30,522 and
Nebraska's is 15,216, according to new U.S. Census estimates.

"I'd like to see the University of Nebraska just as involved as these other
universities," said Thomas. "I'm very disappointed that we've been uninvolved up
to this point as tribes. Hopefully (UNL) can make some big strides."

Reach Jodi Rave Lee at 473-7240 or jrave@journalstar.com.

The following fields overflowed:

Keyword (KEYW) = UNL Tribal Partnership Initiative Task Force

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday

BYLINE: JODI RAVE Lee News Service

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 761 words


Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., also a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs, plans to unveil a legislative proposal today that will strengthen
health care initiatives at the 31 tribal colleges across the country.

"I will be introducing a long-sought, important bill to create a program for
tribal colleges to promote health-related education and train American Indians
to join the health-related work force," said Tester in a pre-released speech
that he planned to give during Saturday graduation ceremonies at the Salish
Kootenai College on the Flathead Reservation.

His proposal is the result of a tribal college summit held at the Blackfeet
Community College on the Blackfeet Reservation on April 5. Leaders from all
Montana nations and tribal colleges attended to brainstorm about how to improve
tribal college education in Montana and tribal colleges around the nation.

"Folks came with a lot of ideas and suggestions and we took a lot of notes,"
said Tester. "Since that time, I've been working with my staff to come up with a
Tribal College Action Plan and I'd like to give you the first look at it today."

Tester is calling his legislation THE PATH, which will include grant funds for
nursing programs, community wellness and health clinics and education and
outreach programs on key health issues plaguing Indian Country like diabetes,
youth at risk and substance abuse.

"We serve our tribal communities; that funding will go a long way to encourage
our students to enter all areas of health from nursing to dentistry and being
medical doctors and surgeons," said Ferlin Clark, president of Dineh College, on
Friday. "The need is so great, this legislation will help us get more traction
in addressing these many areas related in health, that's mental health,
community health and spiritual health. We need to use not only Western science
but traditional approaches. That would help create a balance."

Tester said healthier communities and good-paying jobs would lead to improved
overall conditions in Indian Country. "By training more Indian students to enter
the health care field, we will provide Indian Country with more educated and
self-sufficient members and improve the quality of and access to health care in
Indian Country," he said.

The Montana senator's legislative proposal will be the first significant tribal
college legislation introduced since 1994 when Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M.,
championed land grant status for tribal colleges, said Joe McDonald, president
of the Salish Kootenai College, on Friday. The land grant legislation also set
up an endowment for the tribal colleges, which is now around $100 million.
"We've all improved our campuses because of it," said McDonald.

Tester said he is also working with Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., who chairs the Indian
affairs committee, to push for changes in the Tribally Controlled College or
University Assistance Act within the Higher Education Act to make the funding of
American Indian higher education a priority.

Tribe-controlled colleges only receive about $5,000 per Native student, or 20
percent less than the authorized level. After inflation factors are considered,
the money spent on tribal college students is about $1,300 dollars less per
Native student than in 1981, Tester said.

"I will also work to increase the per-Indian student dollar amount to $8,000 and
make that number adjusted annually for inflation," he said. "Finally, I will
advocate for formula funding rather than competitive grant funding for the
purchase of much-needed equipment, construction, improved academic programs and
expanded faculty development."

The legislation would go a long way in serving tribal colleges, which are
"grossly underfunded" compared to other public education institutions, said
Clark.

Dineh College needs at least $90 million over the next six years to meet basic
operating costs, according to a University of Michigan study.

"We're trying to catch up; that's on top of our annual request for funding,"
said Clark. "I think the leadership in Congress right now in addressing tribal
college needs would be tremendous and significant in terms of meeting the trust
responsibility of the government. We're up against the war in Iraq. There's
always a reason and excuse to keep the funding at the lower-than-recommended
levels. We get tired of trying to justify our reason. We have quantitative and
qualitative data to support what we've been requesting for so many years. So now
is the time."

(Reach reporter Jodi Rave at 800-366-7186 or at jodi.rave@lee.net.)
Strengthening tribal health care

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday

HSU gets $610,000 grant

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 604 words


The National Science Foundation has awarded a three-year $610,917 grant to the
Computing Science Department at Humboldt State University to finance the
Coalition for American Indians in Computing project, one of only 12 such
projects funded nationally among the 104 grant proposals submitted to the
foundation.

The project recruits American Indian students, meets potential retention needs,
and provides computer science/information system programs geared to employment
opportunities in tribal communities.

The project is a collaboration of faculty in HSU's Computing Science Department,
the Center for Indian Community Development, the Indian Natural Resource,
Science and Engineering Program, and the Indian Teacher and Educational
Personnel Program. The effort is comprehensive and includes the Northern
California American Indian tribal partners.

A spring 2006 survey of Northern California tribes revealed that they experience
considerable difficulty filling positions that require intermediate to advanced
computer science/computing information science/information technology training.
Even greater difficulty imperils the recruitment of American Indians with the
requisite skills and experience.

"Now that we have resources to initiate structural improvements, we can move
forward with our partners, the local tribal communities, in trying out our
innovative ideas for the success of American Indian students, their families
and, by extension, their respective tribes," said Guy-Alain Amoussou, the
project's principal investigator.

The project involves students, their families, tribal communities, faculty
advisors, peers, specialized student support services personnel, and tribal IT
professionals in culturally appropriate mentoring and career development
activities. The objectives are to incorporate tribal values in the computing
science major experience, address tribal computing needs, and develop leadership
potential and career opportunities in high tech fields for American Indian
students.

The initiative will include campus visits not only for Indian students, but also
for parents, tribal community leaders, and tribal IT professionals. It further
will include exchange visits by university faculty to tribal governments,
enterprises, and organizations that represent a variety of technology
applications for which Indian students will be prepared.

The project will run summer camps for high school and community college students
that offer pre-college academic preparation, career planning, tribal
internships, and orientations to specialized student support services. Plans
call for half of the summer camp to take place at HSU, the other half in a
tribal IT environment.

Recruiting is already underway for the 2007 summer camp for 15 college freshman
and transfer students to enter the computer science and computer information
systems majors in Fall 2007. CAIC students will undertake a computing curriculum
designed to address their specific needs. They will be involved in actual tribal
-based service learning, research experience, and problem-solving projects.
Support will be provided for these students to receive financial aid.

The project enables HSU computing faculty to engage in faculty development
experiences to learn best practices for the success of underrepresented student
populations and in particular American Indians. It builds strong links with
tribal IT professionals.

Funds allocated to the project provide summer camp and research experience
stipends. Additional stipend funds are being sought to support the 15
undergraduate students. The stipends will complement their financial aid.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) - Specialized Center on Human and
Non-Human Primate Brain Cell Atlases (U01)

LENGTH: 813 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-210



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) - Specialized Center on Human
and Non-Human Primate Brain Cell Atlases (U01)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 13, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Oct 13, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Nov 13, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $5,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Independent school districts

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Private institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      State governments

      County governments

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) intends to assemble a group of
Specialized Collaboratories that will adopt scalable technology platforms and
streamlined workflows to accelerate progress towards establishing reference cell
atlases of human brain and/or non-human primate brains. A central goal of this
and the three companion FOAs is to build a brain cell census resource that can
be widely used throughout the research community.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-210.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Sustainability project to seek ways to manage resources

BYLINE: JESSICA BLOCH OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1059 words

DATELINE: ORONO


Remember the destruction caused by the spruce budworm in the 1970s?

What if researchers could predict whether the worm will return, learn how to
prevent forestry devastation and teach communities how to deal with the pest?

The University of Maine and University of Southern Maine unveiled Wednesday a
wide-reaching new project that officials believe will help Maine communities
learn how to sustain their resources in the face of threats such as sprawl, mill
closures and the dreaded spruce budworm.

A $20 million grant from the National Science Foundation's Experimental Program
to Stimulate Competitive Research program will create the Sustainability
Solution Initiative, bringing together researchers from UM and USM and other
Maine higher education institutions while possibly providing up to 300 jobs.

UM President Robert Kennedy and Gov. John Baldacci introduced the initiative at
UMaine's Wells Conference Center to around 150 people from the campuses and
community.

The initiative will be in place this fall and based at UMaine.

Kennedy said the undertaking, which will be led by UMaine's Sen. George J.
Mitchell Center for Environmental and Watershed Research, will "dramatically"
affect Maine's future and is one of the most ambitious education research
programs in the state's history.

Mitchell Center Director David Hart, who will serve as the initiative's research
project director, said the initiative could have an impact beyond the state.

"I don't make a lot of predictions, but I predict some of the greatest
universities in the world will soon be paying close attention to the research
team we've assembled and the programs we've initiated," he said. "With increased
recognition will come even greater external funding, unimagined partnerships,
improved solutions and a brighter future for the people of Maine."

The emerging field of sustainability science is an interdisciplinary,
coordinated approach to ways of improving the economy, community and
environment, Hart said.

"We just can't afford to focus on one of these goals at a time," he added.
"We've got to get all three right."

The initiative first will focus on problems related to urbanization, forest
management and climate change, touching on issues such as land ownership and
mill closures in northern, western and eastern Maine, and urban sprawl in
southern Maine.

The challenge will be learning to anticipate issues such as sprawl and the
potential return of the spruce budworm.

"We want to learn how to proactively manage and minimize some of the problems,"
Hart said after the presentation. "We think we can have a longer-term view so we
know what's headed our way."

The initiative will connect more than 30 UMaine and USM faculty members from
more than two dozen disciplines and departments to a Center for Sustainability
Solutions, an umbrella group, which will allow the faculty to perform research
and run education, economic and work force development activities in
coordination with government and industry experts.

Hart said the interdisciplinary aspect of sustainability science is crucial.

"Most of these problems are inherently multifaceted and interconnected," he
said. "There are very few quick fixes. In trying to fix one part of the problem,
you have to be careful that you don't make other parts worse. So solving these
kinds of problems requires a wide range of expertise."

A Sustainability Solutions Partners Program will link the center to other Maine
colleges, universities and community colleges. So far, Hart said, Colby, Bates,
Bowdoin and Unity colleges, College of the Atlantic, University of New England,
and UM System campuses in Machias and Presque Isle have expressed interest.

The grant also will support positions for research faculty, postdoctoral
associates, administration staff and research internships for graduate,
undergraduate and high school students throughout the state. Faculty researchers
will work with students during the school year.

"Whatever research the professors are involved in, the graduate students get
involved in," said Bangor resident Robb Freeman, a UMaine doctoral student in
ecology and environmental science. "The program I'm in is interdisciplinary, and
I think this will enable us to tackle these problems in a more interdisciplinary
manner."

Two-thirds of the jobs will be filled by new hires. UMaine will hire three new
faculty members and USM will hire one.

Most of the jobs created will be in research fields with some in administrative
support roles.

In addition, the grant will fund science, technology, education and mathematics,
or STEM, programs for more than 15,000 participants through the Maine STEM
Collaborative. It also will be used to upgrade statewide technology
infrastructure.

Robert Kates, the 1991 National Medal of Science winner who is an independent
scholar and Trenton resident, will serve as an adviser to the project.

Officials also hope to find partners in the community and with government
agencies.

John Banks, the director of natural resources for the Penobscot Nation, said the
nation has an interest in the program because of its relationship with water -
the Penobscot Nation is located on Indian Island in the Penobscot River - and
may ask to be involved in the initiative.

"That relationship between people and nature is, to many tribal people, a
spiritual thing," Banks said. "Our culture is thinking long-term and I think the
tribal people that are working in this area can add a lot to this project."

In addition to the EPSCoR funds, UMaine will contribute $1 million per year for
five years from its state-supported Maine Economic Improvement Fund Allotment
and an additional $1 million per year in in-kind contributions in the form of
faculty salaries and use of research facilities.

The EPSCoR program grants money to states that typically receive low levels of
federal research funding.

The Advanced Engineered Wood Composite Center, the Laboratory for Surface
Science Technology, and the Climate Change Institute are among the UMaine
programs that got a boost from EPSCoR funding.

"Each of these initiatives has become a signature nationally recognized program,
giving back to the state of Maine in many ways," Kennedy said. "And I expect
that will continue with the program we announced today."


For more information go to www.umaine.edu/sustainabilitysolutions/

jbloch@bangordailynews.net

990-8287

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 12, 2010 Sunday

Human bones found in S.D. park

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 297 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Four tribal colleges in North Dakota were among 22 nationwide
that were awarded a combined $4.1 million in funding through a USDA program.

A release from the U.S. Department of Agriculture says Cankdeska Cikana
Community College in Fort Totten, United Tribes Technical College in Bismarck,
Turtle Mountain Community College in Belcourt and Sitting Bull College on the
Standing Rock reservation each got about $196,000 from the Tribal College
Initiative Grant program.

The release Cankdeska Cikana will use the money for hallways connecting the
entire campus, while the other colleges will put it toward parking and paving
projects.

MINOT (AP) - A Minot business will be paying for its paving mistake.

The Minot City Council voted to deny a request from Capital RV for permission to
cover a boulevard with recycled asphalt. The business had already done the work,
not realizing it violated city ordinance.

City staff noticed the changes in the boulevard and contacted the company in
July. The city doesn't allow paving over boulevards because the area is a
right-of-way for the city. Staff also had concerns about appearance.

The Minot Daily News says the council voted to require Capital RV to tear out up
to 400 feet of 9-foot-wide paving.

ABERDEEN, S.D. (AP) - Human bones were found near Fort Sisseton State Park this
summer.

The Aberdeen American News reports Marshall County officials determined that the
site was not a crime scene and called the state Historical Society.

Historical Society repository manager Katie Lamie says a jaw bone was found with
human teeth still attached. The age of the bones is not known.

The state Historical Society's Archaeological Research Center in Rapid City says
the bones were found in a gravel pit on a property north of Kettle Lake.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Montana: Governor Bullock Announces $1 Million Grant to Support College and
Career Readiness Programs in Montana Schools.

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Helena



  Office Of the Governor, The state of Montana has issued the following news
release:

 At a celebration at Great Falls High School, Governor Steve Bullock today
announced that Montana received a $1 million grant from USA Funds to support
college and career readiness programs in high schools, colleges, and tribal
colleges. Bullock was joined by Superintendent Denise Juneau, USA Funds
President and CEO Bill Hansen, Jobs for American Graduates President Ken Smith,
and Commissioner of Higher Education Clayton Christian.



 "Our greatest responsibility as a state is ensuring that Montana students have
access to the skills, knowledge, and experience that will help them succeed
throughout their lives," Bullock said. "Through this grant, we'll expand
opportunities for veterans, Native Americans, and adult students to gain
valuable career skills, workforce experience and college credit. I'm pleased
that we'll be able to build on our state's efforts to find innovative ways to
support student success."



 The grant will support college and career readiness in three ways:

     Expand the successful Jobs for Montana's Graduates (JMG) program in tribal
communities to support high school graduation and acquisition of employment
skills. (JMG is a branch of the national Jobs for America's Graduates program,
for which Bullock serves as vice-chair).
     Provide prior learning assessments for veterans at a Montana University
System institution, ensuring they get academic credit for faculty-validated
knowledge, skills and experience gained during their service.
     Create the American Indian Success-Tribal College Apprenticeship program to
bolster career training opportunities at Montana tribal colleges.



 "In keeping with our focus on Completion With a Purpose, promoting student
success in college and careers, USA Funds is delighted to provide $1 million to
support these initiatives to enhance success in education and employment for
Native American residents and military veterans in Montana," Hansen said. "USA
Funds partners with a select group of states, like Montana, that are pursuing
new approaches to education and training, tied to the needs of the state's
economy. These three innovative programs will bolster student success,
accelerate completion of postsecondary education, and deliver valuable work
experience and training to two underserved communities."



 After initially meeting with USA Funds last summer to discuss their shared
commitment to student success, Governor Bullock partnered with the Montana
Department of Labor, the Montana University System, tribal colleges and the
Office of Public Instruction to develop the three proposals to support college
and career readiness and expand opportunities for veterans and Native American
students.



 "American Indian students attending a Jobs for Montana's Graduates program are
far more likely to graduate -- at a 90 percent rate," Juneau said. "Students who
participate in JMG find relevancy in the program that connects them to
real-world experiences and prepares them for meaningful careers."



 In addition to the $1 million award, Ken Smith of JAG awarded Montana the JAG
National 5 of 5 award on Tuesday. The award recognizes state programs for
achieving or surpassing the '5 of 5' performance outcomes including a graduation
rate of 90%, positive outcomes rate of 80%, employment rate of 60%, full-time
jobs rate of 60%, and full-time placement rate of 80%.



 "On behalf of the entire JAG Board of Directors, congratulations to Jobs for
Montana's Graduates for receiving the JAG National 5 of 5 Award, our highest
performance award, for 8 years.  I would like to express great thanks to USA
Funds for their critically important efforts to expand Jobs for Montana's
Graduates, as well as for their investment in four other JAG State Affiliate
programs," said Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, Chair of the JAG Board of
Directors.  "Through this investment and the leadership of Governor Steve
Bullock, Vice Chair of JAG, we are excited for the launch of this significant
expansion in serving Montana's American Indian youth population to support them
as they work towards success in academia and career pathways alike."

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

OJJDP FY 17 Smart on Juvenile Justice: Enhancing Youth Access to Justice
Initiative

LENGTH: 1043  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    OJJDP-2017-10945

 Funding Opportunity Title:    OJJDP FY 17 Smart on Juvenile Justice: Enhancing
Youth Access to Justice Initiative

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Law, Justice and Legal Services

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    8

 CFDA Number(s):    16.836 -- Indigent Defense

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 2

 Posted Date:    Dec 29, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 30, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 02, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 02, 2017

 Archive Date:

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $3,800,000

 Award Ceiling:    $1,500,000

 Award Floor:    $300,000

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Public and State controlled institutions of higher
education

 Private institutions of higher education

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    This initiative is composed of three
categories. Category 1: Juvenile Defense Training and Technical Assistance.
Eligible applicants are limited to nonprofit and for-profit organizations
(including tribal nonprofit and for-profit organizations) and institutions of
higher education (including tribal institutions of higher education. For-profit
organizations (as well as other recipients) must forgo any profit or management
fee. Category 2: Regional Juvenile Defender Resource Centers. Eligible
applicants are limited to nonprofit and for-profit organizations (including
tribal nonprofit and for-profit organizations) and institutions of higher
education (including tribal institutions of higher education). For-profit
organizations (as well as other recipients) must forgo any profit or management
fee. Category 3: Second Chance Act Juvenile Reentry Legal Services. Eligible
applicants are limited to nonprofit organizations (including tribal nonprofit
organizations) and institutions of higher education (including tribal
institutions of higher education). OJJDP welcomes applications under which two
or more entities would carry out the federal award; however, only one entity may
be the applicant. Any others must be proposed as subrecipients ("subgrantees").
The applicant must be the entity that would have primary responsibility for
carrying out the award, including administering the funding and managing the
entire project. Under this solicitation, only one application by any particular
applicant entity will be considered. An entity may, however, be proposed as a
subrecipient ("subgrantee") in more than one application.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency Prevention

 Description:    This initiative is composed of three categories listed below.
Eligible applicants are limited to nonprofit organizations having a 501(c)(3)
exemption with the Internal Revenue Service; for-profit organizations, including
tribal nonprofit and for-profit organizations; and institutions of higher
education, including tribal institutions of higher education. For-profit
organizations must agree to forgo any profit or management fee.
Ã[#x192]Â[#x201a]Ã[#x201a]Â· Category 1: Training and Technical Assistance. The
Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP) will provide
funding to a national training and technical assistance (TTA) provider to
deliver intensive assistance to states to develop and implement effective,
well-resourced, statewide juvenile defense reform strategic plans. The provider
will also work to improve indigent defense, including post-disposition
representation, and the overall level of systemic advocacy by providing the
juvenile defense bar with cost-effective, innovative training programs, tools
and practice guidelines, technical support, capacity-building assistance, and
leadership opportunities, and by collaboratively engaging experts and
stakeholders. Category 2: State and Tribal Juvenile Defender Resource Centers.
Resource centers will be funded to help state, tribal, and local juvenile
defense systems enhance the quality of legal representation, leverage resources,
and collect and analyze data to measure the effectiveness of services. Category
3: Second Chance Act- Juvenile Reentry Legal Services. This program will provide
grants to community based non- profit organizations to provide direct civil
legal services, mentoring and reentry planning to justice involved youth that
are transitioning or have recently transitioned back to their families and
communities following secure confinement or out-of-home placement by providing
the youth with direct civil legal services, mentoring and collective advocacy
strategies to address the collateral consequences of justice-system involvement
and overcome barriers to securing housing, education, and employment in order to
reduce recidivism.

 Link to Additional Information:    Full Announcement

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 For technical assistance with submitting an application, contact the Grants.gov
Customer Support Hotline at 800-518-4726 or 606-545-5035, or via email to
support@grants.gov The Grants.gov Support Hotline operates 24 hours a day, 7
days a week, except on federal holidays. For assistance with any other
requirements of this solicitation, contact the Response Center by telephone at
800 -851-3420 or TTY: 301-240-6310 (hearing impaired only), by email at grants@
ncjrs.gov , or by web chat. Response Center hours of operation are 10 a.m. to 6
p.m. ET, Monday through Friday, and 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET on the solicitation
close date. Answers to frequently asked questions that may assist applicants are
posted at www.ojjdp.gov/grants/solicitations/FY2017/EYA.pdf. grants@ncjrs.gov



 email
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                              May 19, 2006 Friday

USDA awards $880,000 in grants to help rural businesses

BYLINE: Joe Grundle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716  words


A northern Wisconsin organization with strong American Indian partnerships
received more than $880,000 in business and development grants from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture in Keshena on Wednesday.

USDA Rural Development awarded three grants to Northwoods NiiJii Enterprise
Community Inc., a Crandon-based organization whose partnerships include the
Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin, the Lac du Flambeau Band of Lake Superior
Chippewa and the Sokaogon Chippewa Community of Mole Lake.

NNEC also partners with the counties of Vilas, Menominee and Forest, the
townships of Arbor Vitae, Woodruff, Minocqua, Boulder Junction, Lac du Flambeau,
Manitowish Waters and Nashville, and the city of Shawano.

"In rural communities, job retention is very important," said Frank Frassetto,
Wisconsin's state director of USDA Rural Development. "Areas of the north woods
that aren't around an economic engine like Eau Claire or Rhinelander have
difficulties generating business, not necessarily because of the business model
but because of what goes into making a business run - entrepreneurship, lending
issues and an educated and adequate work force. These grants will help NNEC put
in the necessary support structure for businesses, and they can take it from
there. "

The grants include a $389,000 rural business opportunity grant to provide
instructional and technical assistance to existing tribal personnel in the
administration and implementation of community benchmarks; a $300,000 rural
community development initiative grant for use in implementing training in
American Indian financial literacy, entrepreneurship and grant writing; and more
than $190,000 in enterprise community grants for use in technical assistance
programs, revolving loan programs and industrial improvements.

"Some of the exciting projects these grants will fund are a museum for the
Menominee, a forest products lab for the College of Menominee Nation, and water
distribution in Keshena and Neopit," said Patty O'Neill, executive director of
NNEC.

"In remote northern areas, there are always capacity issues in business, in
regards to the number of people as well as experience," said Frassetto. "These
grants will help build tribal capacity in terms of economic opportunities and
business expansion and retention to give businesses even more resources down the
road. "

Bigger plan

The grants support NNEC's 10-year initiative of developing more than 70
community projects as part of a $92 million federal, state and private sector
package designed to lead communities out of poverty and improve American Indian
quality of life.

"This go-around of grants seems more focused on the tribal entities, but
overall, all the communities involved with NNEC have benefited," said Frassetto.

NNEC is the only rural enterprise community in Wisconsin. Since its designation
in 1998, NNEC has matched each USDA Rural Development grant dollar with $81,
raised in the form of grants and loans from tribes and other partners in the
private sector.

As an officially designated "enterprise community," NNEC will receive nearly
$2.5 million in federal funding over a 10-year period, including the $300,000
USDA grant issued Wednesday.

"These grants started back in 1998 as a way of dealing with the persistent
poverty and social maladies of some of the state's northern communities and have
worked very well in building education, business and sustainable development,"
Frassetto said.

"Take a look at the Lac du Flambeau area, and you will see a number of
structures NNEC has tapped into to provide services, such as a day care center,
senior center, multifamily housing units and a tribal office, as well as quality
water, sewer and road infrastructure. They also have generated a single-family
housing program that provides the economic base for people to own and support
their own homes. "

Frassetto praised NNEC for taking conceived projects and making them happen,
while O'Neill pointed out the proof is in the numbers.

"Our mission is to alleviate poverty among these three tribes, which are three
of the poorest in the country," said O'Neill. "From the 1990 census to the one
in 2000, one in four people under the poverty line in these tribes has jumped to
middle class, and I think the improvement is going to be even greater in the
2010 census. "

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) Comprehensive Center on Mouse Brain
Cell Atlas (U19)

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-225



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) Comprehensive Center on Mouse
Brain Cell Atlas (U19)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 23, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 23, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Feb 23, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $18,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      County governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Special district governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      State governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Small businesses

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Private institutions of higher education

      City or township governments

      Independent school districts



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) intends to assemble a group of
Comprehensive Centers that will adopt scalable technology platforms and
streamlined workflows to generate a comprehensive 3D brain cell reference atlas
encompassing molecular, anatomical, and physiological annotations of brain cell
types in mouse, and incorporate additional genetic and other advanced
cell-specific targeting approaches and tools to facilitate this goal. A central
goal of this and the three companion FOAs is to build a brain cell census
resource that can be widely used throughout the research community.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-225.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y., Washington briefs column

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1281 words


Nov. 03--KAGAN RECUSES HERSELF FROM INDIAN TRUST CASE: New Supreme Court Justice
Elena Kagan has recused herself from an Indian-focused case, which she was
involved with during her earlier work in the federal government.

The trust law case, United States v. Tohono O'odham Nation, was scheduled to be
heard before the high court Nov. 1. It centers on the ability of the tribe to
pursue trust cases in different venues.

Kagan served as solicitor general at the Department of Justice when the federal
government filed its appeal, arguing that separate venues should not be allowed.

The Federal Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the tribe can pursue cases
in separate venues because each would result in a different outcome. If the
Supreme Court were to end up with a split decision sans Kagan, that ruling would
stand.

TRIBAL COLLEGES TO GET NASA AWARDS: On Oct. 1, NASA announced $3.3 million to
support academic excellence in science, technology, engineering and mathematics
(STEM) education at tribal colleges and universities.

The awards have a three-year period and range in value from $215,000 to
$592,000. They are part of a Cooperative Agreement Notice released by the NASA
Office of Education's Minority University Research and Education Program for the
Tribal Colleges and Universities Project.

The institutions selected for award are: Kiksapa Consulting, LLC of Mandan,
N.D.; Salish Kootenai College of Pablo, Mont.; and the American Indian Higher
Education Consortium in Alexandria, Va.

TCUP is a STEM education grant and mentoring program intended to expand
opportunities to academic institutions that prepare Native Americans to enter
the nation's STEM workforce through internships, fellowships, research
experiences, outreach, information exchange, capacity building and
infrastructure development.

ECHO HAWK NAMES DEPUTY BUREAU DIRECTOR: Assistant Secretary-Indian Affairs Larry
Echo Hawk announced Darren A. Cruzan as deputy bureau director of the Bureau of
Indian Affairs Office of Justice Services on Sept. 30.

Cruzan, an enrolled citizen of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma, came to the position
from the Department of Defense, Pentagon Force Protection Agency. The
appointment became effective Sept. 27, according to an Interior release.

"I am pleased that Mr. Cruzan has accepted this challenging opportunity to lead
the BIA's Office of Justice Services," Echo Hawk said. "His knowledge and
experience in law enforcement and time at the Pentagon make him a strong member
of my team."

"Mr. Cruzan will be a crucial addition to the Bureau of Indian Affairs senior
executive ranks," said BIA Director Michael S. Black. "He has experienced law
enforcement at all levels within Indian country and brings a wealth of knowledge
and expertise to the position."

"I am honored to be rejoining the OJS and to lead this group of dedicated women
and men serving Indian country." Cruzan said. "Because of the many challenges
currently faced in Indian country, it is with a sense of urgency that we will
move forward with creative, innovative and meaningful initiatives designed to
improve the quality of life for our tribal communities. The recently signed
Tribal Law and Order Act affords us the unique opportunity to improve law
enforcement services in Indian country and promotes positive changes in the way
we serve and protect our people."

ED DEPARTMENT AWARDS COLLEGE IMPROVEMENT GRANTS: U.S. Secretary of Education
Arne Duncan announced Sept. 30 that 63 grant awards, totaling nearly $53
million, from the American Indian Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities
Program will go to several colleges and universities that serve American Indian
students.

The grant awards are meant to provide funding to improve and strengthen the
academic quality, institutional management, and fiscal stability of eligible
institutions.

"Reforming Native education has never been more important," Duncan said. "To do
what is best for Native students, we must collaborate with people who know the
students and communities. These grants will provide funding to help tribal
colleges and universities offer high quality educational opportunitiesa for
American Indian students."

The institutions receiving grant awards can use the funding for a variety of
authorized activities.

There are 36 federally recognized tribal colleges and universities in the United
States. They serve approximately 30,000 full- and part-time students and offer
two-year associate degrees in more than 200 disciplines with some providing
bachelor's and master's degrees, as well as 200 vocational certificate programs.

More information is available online at www2.ed.gov/pro
grams/iduesaitcc/index.html.

EPA AWARDS HONOR OKLAHOMA TRIBES: The Environmental Protection Agency has
awarded five tribes in Oklahoma $720,000.

The Miami, Modoc and Seneca-Cayuga tribes and the Wyandotte Nation have each
received $120,000, according to EPA officials, who said the tribes will use the
money to help implement tribal-wide recycling programs, develop tribal indoor
air and education and outreach programs, update environmental codes and
ordinances and train staff on environmental protection issues.

The Seneca-Cayuga tribe is also expected to use the money for implementing solid
waste cleanup activities, conducting baseline monitoring for indoor air
contaminants and developing emergency management plans.

The EPA awarded the Cherokee Nation $240,000, and officials said the tribe will
use the money to conduct its annual inter-tribal environmental council
conference and assist other tribes in developing customized tribal water quality
data templates.

COBELL TURNS AGAINST PIGFORD: The lead plaintiff in the Indian trust
mismanagement case believes it was wrong for the Obama administration and
Congress members to have pushed for joint consideration of a settlement to the
suit alongside one for black farmers centered on different facts.

In a letter addressed to Indian country, Elouise Cobell wrote in an early
October letter that the Pigford II case, which deals with African American
farmers suing the U.S. Department of Agriculture for discrimination, should not
have been linked to the Indian royalty case.

The Obama administration and Congress members have dealt with the settlements of
the different cases in concert this year, saying that they must be considered
and approved jointly. To date, neither settlement has received congressional
approval.

Leaders of the black farmers believe the Cobell case is the reason their case
did not move forward due to congressional concerns about the lawyers' fees in
the settlement, which was brokered by the Obama administration last December.
They have requested stand-alone legislation in hopes of more rapid approval.

Cobell takes the opposite view, writing that it was the Pigford II case - not
hers - that held up action.

One of the most supportive members of Congress, Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.,
chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, said the cases should not be
considered separately.

The Cobell team had set Oct. 15 as the latest deadline for Congress to act, but
Congress will not be in session until after the November elections. They are
expected to make a decision soon on whether to again extend their deadline.

To see more of the Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101103-IC-WASH-BRFS-COL-20101103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2010 Indian Country Today


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

BRAIN Initiative: Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP (R01)

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-014



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative: Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP (R01)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    10



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 08, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $7,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Small businesses

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      State governments

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Independent school districts

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Private institutions of higher education

      County governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Special district governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This FOA solicits applications for research projects that use innovative,
methodologically-integrated approaches to understand how circuit activity gives
rise to mental experience and behavior. The goal is to support projects that can
realize a meaningful outcome within 5 years. Applications should address circuit
function in the context of specific neural systems such as sensation,
perception, attention, reasoning, intention, decision-making, emotion,
navigation, communication or homeostasis. Projects should link theory and data
analysis to experimental design and should produce predictive models as
deliverables. Projects should aim to improve the understanding of circuits of
the central nervous system by systematically controlling stimuli and/or behavior
while actively recording and/or manipulating dynamic patterns of neural
activity. Projects can use non-human animal species, and applications should
explain how the selected species offers ideal conditions for revealing general
principles about the circuit basis of a specific behavior.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-014.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 17, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Indian Colleges Get First Big Corporate Gift

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN TELTSCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 19; Column 5; National Desk; Education Page

LENGTH: 887 words


Struggling against isolation and inadequate government financing, Indian tribal
colleges are about to receive substantial help from corporate America.

The colleges, most of them situated on remote reservations in 12 Western and
Midwestern states, will receive a total of $1 million in assistance this year
from the USWest Foundation, the charitable arm of United States West, a
telecommunications corporation.

Financial help for the colleges from the Denver-based foundation will total $2
million by the end of next year, said Richard D. McCormick, president of United
States West, in announcing the program in Washington yesterday.

With most of them established in the past decade, the colleges are too new to
have attracted help from private foundations or from companies more accustomed
to supporting prestigious universities. So a major aim of the USWest initiative
is to enable the American Indian College Fund, which represents 27 of the tribal
colleges, to mount a national fund-raising campaign.

'Competent and Professional'

"The American public, if they think of Indians at all, largely has the
perception given to them by Hollywood," said Jane Prancan, executive director of
the USWest Foundation. "We know the Indians to be self-reliant, competent and
professional and the tribal colleges are further developing these attributes. We
hope the fund-raising campaign will portray the tribal colleges as we know
them."

The 27 colleges served by the college fund have about 12,000 full-time or
part-time students and range in size from 80 to 1,800 students. Most are
two-year schools and are chartered by their respective tribes.

All the colleges are primarily financed by the Federal Government, which was
authorized under a 1985 law to pay them $5,820 annually for each full-time
student. But the actual appropriation of funds for the growing enrollments of
the colleges was just above $3,000 a student last year, having dropped to less
than $2,000 a student in the late 1980's.

Congress appropriated $20.9 million in 1990 for all of the tribal schools, with
the biggest share, $6 million, going to the Navajo Community College in Tsaile,
Ariz. Established in 1968, it is the largest of the tribal colleges. Senator
Daniel K. Inouye, the Hawaii Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Select
Committee on Indian Affairs, said yesterday in a statement that the colleges are
severely underfinanced and that Congress should increase their money for 1992.

The Bush Administration has urged the colleges to look for financial support
from private sources, but until recently most have had little success. The
MacArthur Foundation gave $3 million in 1989 to 18 colleges run by Indian tribes
and the Bush Foundation of St. Paul, Minn., created by the chairman of the the
3M Corportion, Archibald Bush, has given $1.5 million to tribal schools.

"I would be surprised if more than 1 percent of all philanthropy is directed
toward the tribal colleges," said Dr. Ernest L. Boyer, president of the Carnegie
Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.

In 1989, a two-year study of tribal colleges by the Carnegie Foundation
underscored the financial predicament of the schools. "Most of the colleges
operate on a little bit of nothing from the Federal Government," said Paul
Boyer, who wrote the Carnegie study. "What USWest is doing could be part of a
movement creating a partnership between the philanthropic community and the
colleges desperately needing their support."

A number of presidents of tribal colleges said the Carnegie report helped
increase interest among foundations. But the philanthropic community has
generally not given much money to American Indians.

The country's top 472 foundations, which account for 44 percent of all
philanthropy in this country, provided $3.2 billion in charitable grants in
1989, the most recent year studied by the Foundation Center in Washington. In
that year, American Indian causes received only $16.1 million of all grants of
more than $5,000 each, and that total included funds for education, housing,
civil rights, the arts and economic development.

To secure a larger share of support, the American Indian College Fund has been
created, modeled on the United Negro College Fund. It hopes to raise $10 million
in the next two years in the fund-raising campaign designed by the advertising
agency Wieden & Kennedy of Portland, Ore., said Barbara Bratone, its director.
The organization began full operation in 1989 and so far has raised $2 million,
including the grant from USWest.

It also has received a $75,000 three-year grant from the Exxon Education Fund
and smaller amounts from other corporate foundations. Among private foundations,
its support has come mainly from the Ford, Rockefeller and Andrew Mellon
Foundations, Pew Charitable Trusts and the Lilly Endowment. The Knight
Foundation of Miami, Fla., gave $150,000 earlier this month.

The USWest grant will provide $732,000 to 19 tribal colleges to help improve
computer services and libraries, strengthen curriculums and help students to
transfer successfully to four-year colleges. The American Indian College Fund
itself will receive $70,000.

Map of the United States showing locations of 27 Indian tribal colleges.
(Source: The American Indian College Fund)

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

BRAIN Initiative: Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP (R01)

LENGTH: 885  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 BRAIN Initiative: Targeted BRAIN Circuits Projects - TargetedBCP (R01)








    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:



    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    10



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 08, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 08, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $7,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Private institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      State governments

      County governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Independent school districts

      For profit organizations other than small businesses



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This FOA solicits applications for research projects that use innovative,
methodologically-integrated approaches to understand how circuit activity gives
rise to mental experience and behavior. The goal is to support projects that can
realize a meaningful outcome within 5 years. Applications should address circuit
function in the context of specific neural systems such as sensation,
perception, attention, reasoning, intention, decision-making, emotion,
navigation, communication or homeostasis. Projects should link theory and data
analysis to experimental design and should produce predictive models as
deliverables. Projects should aim to improve the understanding of circuits of
the central nervous system by systematically controlling stimuli and/or behavior
while actively recording and/or manipulating dynamic patterns of neural
activity. Projects can use non-human animal species, and applications should
explain how the selected species offers ideal conditions for revealing general
principles about the circuit basis of a specific behavior.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-014.html



      Grantor Contact Information:


       If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



       NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



       If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster

       In case of any query regarding this article or other content please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com










LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Obama Administration Announces New Resources to Help Ensure
Opportunity for Native Students

LENGTH: 1088  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education announced today new resources aimed at closing
the achievement gap so that all native students--whether in tribal or
traditional public schools--have the opportunity to succeed.





 The announcement builds on work by the Obama Administration to improve the
lives of American Indian and Alaska Native children and is a key element of his
Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative to help Native American youth. There
are more than 450,000 native students in America's public schools.



 Today, the Obama Administration is announcing:



     Approval of the first phase of the Navajo Nation's alternative
accountability system, which provides the tribe with the authority to implement
uniform standards, aligned assessments, an alternative measurements of student
success across its schools in multiple states; and

     A Dear Colleague Letter to states and districts on tribal consultations;
and

     Two new rounds of federal grants totaling nearly $25 million to support
native youth and educators.



 "All American-Indian and Alaska-Native students should have the support,
opportunities, and education that honor their identity and their unique
experiences, while providing them with the knowledge and skills to attain their
greatest aspirations," U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. said. "For
the Navajo, this alternative accountability system will give the tribe even more
autonomy to run its schools while also helping to ensure that students are
thriving."

 Navajo Nation Agreement



 The Department of Education, in partnership with the Department of the
Interior, has approved the first phase of the Navajo Nation's request to
implement an alternative system of accountability for schools. The new system
will unite 66 Bureau of Indian Education (BIE)-funded schools in New Mexico,
Arizona, and Utah and will allow the tribe to take greater control of the
education of its students under a single system of standards, assessments, and
accountability.



 The approval applies retroactively to the 2015-16 school year, as well as the
current school year. It also permits the Navajo to:



     Adopt and implement the same set of college-and-career-ready content
standards in reading/language, arts, and mathematics in all its schools, rather
than implementing the standards and assessments of each individual state where
schools are located;

     Select and administer an assessment that will be comparable across Navajo
schools in New Mexico, Utah, and Arizona;

     Set and use its own high school graduation rate targets and attendance for
elementary and middle schools in its accountability system.



 This approval continues the Administration's work to support Indian tribal
self-government and sovereignty, honor tribal treaty and other rights, and
strive to meet the responsibilities that arise from the unique relationship
between the federal and tribal governments.



 "Today marks an important milestone for the Navajo Nation and this
Administration's efforts to improve educational opportunities and outcomes for
Native youth," Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said. "The alternative
accountability system launched today provides a plan to replace a cumbersome
multi-state system and promote unified and rigorous standards, curriculum, and
student assessments that reflect the academic and cultural values of the Navajo
community. Recognizing the Navajo Nation's right to govern tribally-controlled
schools is another step in the President's Generation Indigenous initiative to
reform the Bureau of Indian Education system, raise student achievement, and
advance tribal self-determination and support tribal sovereignty."



 The agreement will be signed by King, Jewell and Navajo leaders in a formal
ceremony on Tuesday in Washington, D.C.

 Tribal consultation guidance



 The Education Department sent a Dear Colleague Letter to states outlining the
responsibility of certain districts to consult with tribal stakeholders as part
of implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act, which President Obama signed
into law in December 2015. For the first time ever, the law includes a new
requirement that affected school districts work with tribes on issues affecting
native students.



 Consultation will create opportunities for districts and tribal leaders to work
together on behalf of American Indian and Alaska Native students by gathering
input from tribes and tribal organizations and fostering the collaboration that
is a critical part of improving academic outcomes for Native students.



 Under the law, affected districts with tribal students must collect feedback
from tribes and tribal leaders on any plan or application for federal grants and
funds. These new consultation requirements take effect for the 2017-18 school
year.



 Over the last seven years, American Indian and Alaska Native students and
communities have made progress in reinvigorating efforts to preserve and restore
Native languages, in building tribal capacity to influence and control
educational decisions for Native students, and in beginning to raise awareness
about school climate issues that are unique to Indian country. ESSA supports
this work with a focus on tribal sovereignty and consultation; restoration and
preservation of native languages; and climate and suicide prevention.

 New grants



 The Education Department today named the 20 recipients of $6.7 million in
federal grants from the Indian Professional Development Program to help improve
education for native students and to promote high-quality educators to teach in
tribal-run schools or schools with large populations of native students.



 Grantees include Salish Kootenai College in Montana, which proposes to recruit,
enroll, educate, certify, and assist in the employment of 30 Native American
teacher candidates in elementary or early childhood P-3 education. Washington
State University will implement a culturally responsive project providing
support and training for 10 native participants who serve as teachers or
administrators in tribal communities in the region. At Elmira College in New
York, the institution will prepare indigenous teacher education students to
become highly qualified indigenous teachers who will then support and promote
the academic success of their students and contribute to nation-building efforts
of their nations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Obama Administration Announces New Resources to Help Ensure
Opportunity for Native Students

LENGTH: 1088  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education announced today new resources aimed at closing
the achievement gap so that all native students--whether in tribal or
traditional public schools--have the opportunity to succeed.





 The announcement builds on work by the Obama Administration to improve the
lives of American Indian and Alaska Native children and is a key element of his
Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative to help Native American youth. There
are more than 450,000 native students in America's public schools.



 Today, the Obama Administration is announcing:



     Approval of the first phase of the Navajo Nation's alternative
accountability system, which provides the tribe with the authority to implement
uniform standards, aligned assessments, an alternative measurements of student
success across its schools in multiple states; and

     A Dear Colleague Letter to states and districts on tribal consultations;
and

     Two new rounds of federal grants totaling nearly $25 million to support
native youth and educators.



 "All American-Indian and Alaska-Native students should have the support,
opportunities, and education that honor their identity and their unique
experiences, while providing them with the knowledge and skills to attain their
greatest aspirations," U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. said. "For
the Navajo, this alternative accountability system will give the tribe even more
autonomy to run its schools while also helping to ensure that students are
thriving."

 Navajo Nation Agreement



 The Department of Education, in partnership with the Department of the
Interior, has approved the first phase of the Navajo Nation's request to
implement an alternative system of accountability for schools. The new system
will unite 66 Bureau of Indian Education (BIE)-funded schools in New Mexico,
Arizona, and Utah and will allow the tribe to take greater control of the
education of its students under a single system of standards, assessments, and
accountability.



 The approval applies retroactively to the 2015-16 school year, as well as the
current school year. It also permits the Navajo to:



     Adopt and implement the same set of college-and-career-ready content
standards in reading/language, arts, and mathematics in all its schools, rather
than implementing the standards and assessments of each individual state where
schools are located;

     Select and administer an assessment that will be comparable across Navajo
schools in New Mexico, Utah, and Arizona;

     Set and use its own high school graduation rate targets and attendance for
elementary and middle schools in its accountability system.



 This approval continues the Administration's work to support Indian tribal
self-government and sovereignty, honor tribal treaty and other rights, and
strive to meet the responsibilities that arise from the unique relationship
between the federal and tribal governments.



 "Today marks an important milestone for the Navajo Nation and this
Administration's efforts to improve educational opportunities and outcomes for
Native youth," Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said. "The alternative
accountability system launched today provides a plan to replace a cumbersome
multi-state system and promote unified and rigorous standards, curriculum, and
student assessments that reflect the academic and cultural values of the Navajo
community. Recognizing the Navajo Nation's right to govern tribally-controlled
schools is another step in the President's Generation Indigenous initiative to
reform the Bureau of Indian Education system, raise student achievement, and
advance tribal self-determination and support tribal sovereignty."



 The agreement will be signed by King, Jewell and Navajo leaders in a formal
ceremony on Tuesday in Washington, D.C.

 Tribal consultation guidance



 The Education Department sent a Dear Colleague Letter to states outlining the
responsibility of certain districts to consult with tribal stakeholders as part
of implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act, which President Obama signed
into law in December 2015. For the first time ever, the law includes a new
requirement that affected school districts work with tribes on issues affecting
native students.



 Consultation will create opportunities for districts and tribal leaders to work
together on behalf of American Indian and Alaska Native students by gathering
input from tribes and tribal organizations and fostering the collaboration that
is a critical part of improving academic outcomes for Native students.



 Under the law, affected districts with tribal students must collect feedback
from tribes and tribal leaders on any plan or application for federal grants and
funds. These new consultation requirements take effect for the 2017-18 school
year.



 Over the last seven years, American Indian and Alaska Native students and
communities have made progress in reinvigorating efforts to preserve and restore
Native languages, in building tribal capacity to influence and control
educational decisions for Native students, and in beginning to raise awareness
about school climate issues that are unique to Indian country. ESSA supports
this work with a focus on tribal sovereignty and consultation; restoration and
preservation of native languages; and climate and suicide prevention.

 New grants



 The Education Department today named the 20 recipients of $6.7 million in
federal grants from the Indian Professional Development Program to help improve
education for native students and to promote high-quality educators to teach in
tribal-run schools or schools with large populations of native students.



 Grantees include Salish Kootenai College in Montana, which proposes to recruit,
enroll, educate, certify, and assist in the employment of 30 Native American
teacher candidates in elementary or early childhood P-3 education. Washington
State University will implement a culturally responsive project providing
support and training for 10 native participants who serve as teachers or
administrators in tribal communities in the region. At Elmira College in New
York, the institution will prepare indigenous teacher education students to
become highly qualified indigenous teachers who will then support and promote
the academic success of their students and contribute to nation-building efforts
of their nations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) Brain Cell Data Center (U24)

LENGTH: 898 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-MH-17-215



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    BRAIN Initiative Cell Census Network (BICCN) Brain Cell Data Center (U24)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    1



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.286 -- Discovery and Applied Research for Technological Innovations to
Improve Human Health

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research

    93.866 -- Aging Research

    93.867 -- Vision Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 19, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 23, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 23, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Feb 23, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $3,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      State governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Small businesses

      County governments

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Private institutions of higher education

      Independent school districts

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) intends to support a Brain
Cell Data Center (BCDC) that will work with other BICCN Centers and interested
researchers to establish a web-accessible information system to capture, store,
analyze, curate, and display all data and metadata on brain cell types, and
their connectivity. The BCDC is expected to: (1) lead the effort to establish
spatial and semantic standards for managing heterogeneous brain cell census data
types and information; (2) lead the effort to collect and register multimodal
brain cell census data to common brain coordinate systems; (3) generate
searchable 2D and 3D digital brain atlases for cell census data; and (4)
generate a unified and comprehensive brain cell knowledge base that integrates
all existing brain cell census data and information across diverse repositories.
A central goal of this and the three companion FOAs is to build a brain cell
census resource that can be widely used throughout the research community.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-MH-17-215.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

Grant helps college create community garden Swinomish get back to their roots

BYLINE: Lynsi Burton, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Sept. 22--SWINOMISH INDIAN TRIBAL COMMUNITY -- Amid a growing attachment to
processed foods and a diabetes epidemic, the Northwest Indian College in
Swinomish aims to bring the tribe back to its roots of eating traditional,
natural foods.

This past summer, the college received a $45,000 grant from the First Nation
Development Institute to come up with a community garden not only as a learning
tool for students, but a place where tribal members can learn to grow their own
food.

"It's helping people rediscover themselves, their place and their ecosystem,"
said Jessica Gigot, a science teacher at the college who is guiding the new
program's development.

The initiative, called the 13 Moons Garden Program, is intended to tie into the
traditional idea of living by what nature has to offer in the 13 lunar phases of
the year.

Gigot envisions an expansion of the school's small garden area and a program
that will eventually feed people throughout the community.

American Indian and Alaska Native adults are 2.3 times more likely to have
diagnosed diabetes compared to non-Hispanic whites, according to the U.S.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Native youths from ages 10 to 19
have a nine times higher risk of having diagnosed Type 2 diabetes, according to
a study by the National Center for Biotechnology Information.

Gaylene Gobert, site manager of the college, was diagnosed with diabetes three
years ago, making the 13 Moons effort personal.

She hopes that youths can learn more about healthy eating to prevent the onset
of diabetes.

"Nowadays everything is fast," Gobert said of the modern diet. "If we can bring
back the traditional way, we won't have all the sugars; we won't have the
diabetes in native communities."

Gigot plans to further develop the six raised beds already in the garden and
triple their quantity. She also wants to store crop starts in the nearby green
house during the winter so they can be ready for planting next year. Perennial
fruit trees, berry plants and medicinal herbs also are in the garden's future,
she said.

She will begin teaching a sustainable gardening class to students in the winter
quarter and monthly workshops free to the public. Gigot hopes community members
will eventually be able to manage their own plots, P-Patch style.

Greg Gustafson, 28, who lives on the reservation, worked as a summer intern at
the garden and is earning work study credit this quarter.

He's in his first year on his way to getting an associate degree in native
environmental science.

Gustafson has tinkered with growing things at his home such as pomegranates,
limes and medicinal herbs.

He first worked for the school doing lawn care, but it turned into something
more.

"After awhile I asked, 'Can I grow stuff too and not just kill things?'" he
said, while planting arugula in the raised beds Tuesday morning.

As the gardening progresses, Gigot said this year will gauge how successful a
Swinomish community garden will be.

"There's been a lot of interest, there just hasn't been the coming together,"
Gigot said. "... This year will be a test of how many people want to be
involved."

___ (c)2012 the Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) Visit the Skagit
Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) at www.goskagit.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120922-UV-Grant-helps-college
-create-community-garden-Swinomish-get-back-to-their-roots-0922-20120922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2012 Skagit Valley Herald


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            August 1, 2012 Wednesday

High level NCST delegation visits KU

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Aug. 1 -- The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) will
recommend and take up with planning commission and ministry of tribal affairs
the establishment of a centre for Tribal studies at Kashmir University which
will produce an indigenous knowledge base for studying the social structure of
the tribes and the issues thereof.

This was announced by Dr Rameshwar Oraon chairperson National Commission for
Scheduled Tribes at a review meeting on ' studies on culture, traditions and
socio economic conditions of tribal's in J&K held at the committee room of the
administrative block of the university of Kashmir.

The meeting chaired by Vice chancellor Kashmir University Prof Talat Ahmad was
attended by various Deans of the faculties and some selected heads of the
Departments.

Dr Rameshwar was appreciative of the initiatives taken by the University of
Kashmir for taking steps to develop the socio-economic status of the backward
classes of STs. He said he is happy to see University of Kashmir so keen in
carrying out research in the thrust areas of tribal studies which he said will
generate human resources for the development of the tribal's within the state.
Dr Rammeshwar was praise for the University of Kashmir in following the
reservation policy for the tribal's and he announced also that commission will
recommended an establishment of a hostel for students at Kashmir University.

Earlier Vice chancellor Kashmir University Prof Talat Ahmad said that University
of Kashmir being a premier institution of the state is discharging its
institutional role in letter and spirit and is offering 8% reservation for
students belonging to scheduled tribe communities, besides providing
scholarships and accommodation on priority basis, and providing inputs for the
social policy and planning of the tribes. VC thanked the commission chairperson
and his team for their plan to recommend centre for tribal studies at Kashmir
University.

Earlier KU faculty including Prof Mohammad Ashraf Wani, Prof Noor Mohammad Baba,
Prof B A Dabla , Dr Peerzada Mohamamd Amin made presentations before the
commission and spelled out the initiatives taken by the university departments
for their assistance in formulation of social policy for the scheduled tribes.
While as Dr B A Dabla talked mainly about the research work carried by
department of sociology on the theme, Dr Peerzada Mohammad Amin talked about the
comprehensive plan prepared by the department of social work for action research
on the issue.

The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes was first formed by the Government
of India in 1978 as a Non-statutory Multi-Member Commission and its prime aim of
this Commission for Scheduled Tribes is to develop the socio-economic status of
the backward classes of STs in all parts of India. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Research Centers for Population-based Research to Optimize Cancer Screening
(PROSPR) Initiative (UM1)

LENGTH: 872  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-CA-16-016



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Research Centers for Population-based Research to Optimize Cancer Screening
(PROSPR) Initiative (UM1)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    3



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.393 -- Cancer Cause and Prevention Research

    93.394 -- Cancer Detection and Diagnosis Research

    93.395 -- Cancer Treatment Research

    93.399 -- Cancer Control



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 24, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 24, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 09, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 09, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 12, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $12,000,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $2,500,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Private institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      State governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Independent school districts

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      City or township governments

      Special district governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Small businesses

      County governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic
(non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Institutions) are not eligible to apply.
Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of U.S. Organizations are not eligible to
apply. Foreign components, as defined in the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are
allowed.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      Population-based Research to Optimize the Screening Process (PROSPR) is
the National Cancer Institute (NCI) program to promote research aimed at
evaluating and improving the cancer screening process. As a part of the reissued
PROSPR program, this Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) solicits
applications for PROSPR UM1 Research Centers. A companion FOA (RFA-CA-16-017)
will support a PROSPR U24 Coordinating Center. The overall goal for PROSPR
Research Centers is to enhance understanding of the implementation and effects
of screening as practiced in multiple, heterogeneous healthcare environments in
the United States. Therefore, the research programs proposed must cover
long-term observations of diverse cohorts of patients who are eligible for
screening. In addition to observational research to evaluate factors that affect
the quality of the screening process for the selected cancer type, these
programs should also develop and pilot-test interventions aimed at improving the
screening process for that cancer.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-CA-16-016.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Students taking admission in college to get tablets for Rs1000

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 489  words


Gujarat Budget 2017-18

Two new Sainik schools, tablets at Rs1,000 for Class 12 passouts, digital
schools and much more. This year's education budget looks promising both in
terms of allocation as well as content.

While allocation for the education sector remains the highest at Rs25,000 crore,
Rs1,185 crore more than the previous year, this year's budget also makes a
provision for 7,233 visiting teachers for Math and Science in secondary and
higher secondary schools, owing to a shortage of teachers.

The government will provide free textbooks and uniforms to 60,60,000 primary
school students, while primary education will be provided to 1,46,000 students
in private schools under the RTE Act.

New Sainik schools will be opened at Veraval in Gir Somnath and in tribal areas
of Surat district. A total of 30 new government schools will be opened to
provide secondary and higher secondary education in remote areas.

Tablets for students

To expose youth to the global knowledge pool, tablets will be provided to
3,50,000 students passing class 12 board exams and taking admission in colleges
and polytechnics. An allocation of Rs200 crore has been made to give away the
tablets at Rs1,000 each.

Digischool initiative

Around 84,000 students from 2,400 classes of Std 7 and 8 in 1,200 primary
schools will be exposed to smart classes through use of computers, smart
interactive boards, infrared (IR) cameras, projectors and digital pens. Out of
these, students from 100 schools will be provided with tablets. E-learning-based
second-level smart schools with internet connectivity will be set up for
primary, secondary and higher secondary schools.

Digital education learning labs will be set up in 37 colleges to conduct online
exams and set up language learning centres.

Four mobile science laboratories to promote scientific thinking and practical
understanding of scientific concepts in students will be established in four
regions of Gujarat.Buildings for 10 new government colleges in tribal areas and
16 in non-tribal areas along with a new government polytechnic college with five
diploma courses will be opened in the tribal area of Halol.

The budget also includes gymnasium facilities in 1,000 government and grant-in
aid schools at Rs25 crore.

EXPERTS SPEAK

Dr Bharat Gadhvi, CEO of HCG Hospitals who passed out from Sainik school in
Balachadi in 1982 says, "It is a bad decision and I do not support it. Just by
naming a school 'Sainik school' does not work. The existing Sainik school needs
to be supported first."

Manan Choksi, trustee, Udgam School for Children termed it an average budget.
"Instead of investing money in digital initiatives, the government should have
looked into more important issues like toilets. Research says maximum student
dropout in schools is because of lack of toilets." IIMA alumnus Ashish Ranjan
said, "There is no talk about strengthening teachers' skills."

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by September 26, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Office of Advocacy and Outreach



 Title: USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0503-0016.



 Summary of Collection: The purpose of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 1994
Tribal Scholars Program is to strengthen the long-term partnership between USDA
and the 1994 Land-Grant Institutions to increase the number of students studying
and graduating in food, agricultural, natural resources, and other related
fields of study, and to develop a pool of scientists and professionals to
annually fill 50,000 jobs in the food, agricultural, and natural resources
system. The USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program, within the Office of the
Assistant Secretary for Administration, Office of Advocacy and Outreach, is an
annual joint human capital initiative between USDA and the Nation's 1994 Land-
Grant Institutions, also known as 1994 Tribal Colleges and Universities. This
program offers a combination of paid work experience with a USDA sponsoring
agency through an appointment under the Fellowship Experience Program. USDA
Tribal Scholarship recipients are required to study in the food, and
agricultural, and related sciences, as defined by the National Agricultural
Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103 (8)).



 Need and Use of the Information: Information will be collected to determine the
eligibility of applicants to the USDA Tribal Scholars Program. Each applicant to
the program will be required to apply to announcements of the USDA Tribal
Scholars Program and submit an application with required documentation. The
required documentation will include: (1) A resume; (2) Proof of acceptance or
enrollment in school, a letter of acceptance, or proof of registration, or
letter from school official on official letterhead; (3) A copy of the last high
school or college transcript; and (4) Two letters of recommendation. The
collected information is needed for identifying and tracking capital needs of
USDA agencies from 1994 Land-Grant Institutions through an internship and an
award of an annually reviewed and renewal scholarship with the objective of
preparing the student to complete for placement into USDA's workforce.



 Description of Respondents: Individuals or households.



 Number of Respondents: 300.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 360.

 Ruth Brown,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-20518 Filed 8-25-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3412-88-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FATA parliamentarians visit HEC secretariat

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 329

LENGTH: 385  words


A group of Parliamentarians from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA)
visited the Higher Education Commission secretariat on Monday to discuss HEC
initiatives for promotion of higher education in the tribal areas. Dr Mukhtar
Ahmed, Chairman HEC, briefed them in detail about Commission's core activities,
particularly different initiatives for FATA region.

The meeting was attended by Muhammad Nazir Khan, Parliamentary Secretary,
Ministry of Federal Education and Professional Training, Muhammad Jamalud Din,
Alhaj Shah Jee Gul Afridi, Nasir Khan, Sajid Hussain Turi, Ghalib Khan, and Syed
Ghazi Ghulab Jamal. Dr Arshad Ali, Executive Director HEC, Dr Ghulam Raza
Bhatti, Member (Operations and Planning) HEC and other senior management of the
Commission were also present.

Briefing the parliamentarians on HEC's core aims in general, and initiatives for
promotion of higher education in FATA in particular, the Chairman said that HEC
is committed to ensuring development of FATA through increased access of tribal
students to higher education. Dr Mukhtar Ahmed said that so far 6633 FATA
students have benefited from Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Programme for
MPhil and PhD studies, while 2750 students from FATA have been awarded
scholarships under HEC's programme for undergraduate and postgraduate students.

He informed the guests that over 3000 student from FATA have also been provided
scholarships under HEC Merit and Need-based Scholarship Programme, while a
number of scholars have also availed foreign scholarships for PhD studies as
well as Cuban Government's scholarships for medical studies. He further said
that so far 1800 FATA students have been provided laptops under Prime Minister's
Laptop Scheme. "HEC believes in a holistic approach towards development and
ensures that quality is not compromised at any level," he said.

Addressing concerns of parliamentarians over location of FATA University, the
Chairman said that location for establishment of FATA University had been
controversial for years; however HEC proposed that the University campuses
should be set up in each Agency once the University is established. "Our
proposal was admired and now we have FATA University on the ground," he said
while assuring that campuses of the University will be established in each
Agency.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Grant to help Standing Rock implement education code, data system

BYLINE: AMY R. SISK Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1017 words


A federal grant will allow the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe to implement a new
education code and student data system throughout all 10 of the reservation's
schools.

Emma Jean Blue Earth, director of the Standing Rock Tribal Department of
Education, learned Thursday that the U.S. Interior Department awarded the tribe
part of $1.45 million intended to strengthen tribe's education systems.

"We are excited," she said. "It's going to provide us with some resources. We
need it."

The money will also go to six other tribes with schools operated under the
federal Bureau of Indian Education. The funds are part of the effort to transfer
control of BIE schools to tribes.

On the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, the grant will help implement the
tribe's education code intended to set consistent policies at all reservation
schools. The code, adopted in 2012, requires all children to attend
kindergarten, sets teacher qualification rules and tasks the tribal education
department with developing standards for various subjects.

Blue Earth said the department has not had the resources to carry out all parts
of the code. With the grant money, she hopes to create standards for the Dakota
and Lakota languages and culture.

The funds will also go toward using the Native American Student Information
System. The system will allow the tribe to collect student data on enrollment
and attendance, as well as academic achievement down the road.

"We really want a handle on our student data," Blue Earth said. "We feel like it
is an expression of our tribal sovereignty to have that data and do analysis on
that data."

Right now, student data at the reservation's five public schools is collected by
the North Dakota Department of Public Instruction, whereas data for the three
BIE schools is collected by the federal agency. Two private school also operate
on the reservation.

With data from all schools stored in one place under the new system, the
department can keep better tabs on graduation rates and students who move
between reservation and off-reservation schools, Blue Earth said.

The grant money will also allow the tribe to determine whether to assume the
duties of the BIE line office that operates on the reservation, she said.

Sens. Heidi Heitkamp and John Hoeven on Thursday both praised the grant
announcement. It coincided with the first annual White House Tribal Youth
Gathering, where Heitkamp addressed 850 Native American youth.

"Joining with so many Native youth across North Dakota over the years, and today
in Washington, I have nothing but hope for the future that we can change
outcomes for Native children, and we have to involve Native youth to help build
that future," she said.

Ten high school and college students from Standing Rock attended the gathering
in Washington. They spoke earlier this week at the Capitol in Bismarck during
DPI's Indian Education Summit, where they discussed challenges they faced in
school.

(Reach Amy R. Sisk at 701-250-8267 or amy.sisk@bismarcktribune.com)

Native American teens from across U.S. Gather for summit

SUSAN MONTOYA BRYAN

Associated Press

More than 875 Native American youths from across the nation are gathering
Thursday in Washington, D.C., for a first-of-its-kind summit called by the White
House.

The teens, who represent 230 tribes, will meet with First Lady Michelle Obama
and cabinet members to discuss a range of topics, including economic
opportunity, education and cultural issues.

It's part of Generation Indigenous, or Gen-I, a White House initiative that
kicked off earlier this year with a brainstorming session in Albuquerque, New
Mexico.

The initiative stems from a visit last year by the Obamas to the Standing Rock
Sioux Reservation, which straddles the border between North Dakota and South
Dakota. Meetings followed, cabinet members conducted listening tours, tribal
youth were chosen as ambassadors, and a national network was formed.

The goal: to remove barriers that stand in the way of tribal youth reaching
their potential.

Cecilia Munoz, director of the White House Domestic Policy Council, said the
president was moved after hearing about the challenges faced by children in
North Dakota.

"He knows that the issues that he heard about are not isolated to Standing
Rock," Munoz said. "He was also really inspired by the talent and the courage of
the Native youth he met to overcome their circumstances."

Munoz said the event is about the teens and making sure they have an opportunity
to be heard since they represent the next generation of leaders.

Participants are coming up with ideas to combat problems in their communities.
For 16-year-old Miguel Wambli, of Rapid City, South Dakota, it's creating a
newspaper that will be fueled by Native students' writings.

Wambli is a member of the Oglala Sioux Tribe. In recent months, a string of
seven suicides by teenagers has shaken the tribe's Pine Ridge Reservation. Close
to 1,000 suicide attempts were recorded on the South Dakota reservation over
nearly 10 years. Some students have projects aimed at raising awareness, while
Wambli believes a newspaper would give teens an outlet.

"I want to try just to help them find their voice and be able to express
themselves and be knowledgeable about what's going on in their community," he
said.

From New Mexico's pueblos to Midwest reservations, federal statistics show
nearly one-third of Native youth live in poverty. They have the highest suicide
rates of any ethnicity in the U.S. and the lowest high school graduation rates.

Those are difficult issues, said Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, who will be
among those partaking in the gathering. Reforming Indian education has been a
focal point of her tenure. She said the system is broken, noting Indian schools
often are among the nation's worst-performing.

Jewell on Thursday will announce federal grants for seven tribes to develop
their education departments and funding for the American Indian Higher Education
Consortium to build a pipeline from Native communities to college.

The Interior Department also will release a report on the progress of reforms
within the Bureau of Indian Education.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 11, 2012 Tuesday

U. of Utah dismantling native language center

BYLINE: By Brian Maffly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Top Stories; News; State

LENGTH: 1059 words


The University of Utah is disbanding an 8-year-old center devoted to documenting
and preserving indigenous languages, framing the move as the best way to focus
on Utah's tribal tongues.

However, the U. will severely narrow the scope of these efforts, a shift from
the Center for American Indian Languages' (CAIL) current work on languages
across the New World, particularly in South and Central America. The
"restructuring" will "enable greater efficiency and coordination within the
college and university-wide," officials said in an Aug. 31 announcement.

Far less clear is what will become of some initiatives started or nurtured under
the leadership of the center's founder, Lyle Campbell, well-known among
linguists for documenting native languages before they fall silent.

Hired at U. in 2004, he organized an annual conference on endangered languages
and helped land at least $3 million in grants, mostly from the National Science
Foundation (NSF) and National Endowment for the Humanities, to record indigenous
languages, transcribe words and grammar, and create materials to keep them alive
among young speakers.

The U.'s move has shocked many in the language conservation world, according to
Chris Rogers, Campbell's former graduate student who led CAIL after Campbell
left two years ago.

"There isn't another research center doing research with such a broad focus,"
said Rogers, dismissed by the U. in June. "It's such an important part of what
linguists are doing now. Closing it is like shooting yourself in the foot."

An internationally recognized expert in Mesoamerican languages, Campbell is now
a professor of linguistics at the University of Hawaii.

"It makes sense to build our initiatives around our current faculty, not those
who have departed," wrote humanities dean Robert Newman in an e-mail. "While the
Department of Linguistics has decided that Lyle's research focus is no longer a
priority for future hiring, we intend to continue work on language
revitalization and preservation, specifically as it relates to the Utah tribes."

Dozens of the Americas' indigenous cultures are expected to see their native
languages pushed aside by European languages in the coming decades, according to
Campbell and other experts who are in a race against time to record the last
surviving speakers.

"They are not giving up their languages out of choice. In that respect it's a
matter of human rights," he said Wednesday in a phone interview from his home in
Honolulu. Entire systems of knowledge are at stake.

"A language is a unique window on the human mind," Campbell said. "It's a loss
of human, cultural and scientific information" when a language is forgotten.

He said he was saddened, but not surprised by the demise of the center, because
the College of Humanities had been devoting fewer resources to it and failed to
hire a new director even after conducting a national search.

Some of his research remains at Utah, such as a federal grant to create "a
talking dictionary" for Ninam, a language of tribes native to the Amazon. The U.
will continue supporting this grant, but only until August 2013.

--

Moving to the west. » U. administrators plan to shift CAIL's outreach mission to
the American West Center, which maintains an extensive archive of American
Indian cultural materials and develops curricula for tribal schools. The
language training programs will be housed with the College of Humanities'
proposed new Language Center.

The dean initiated the changes without consulting CAIL's principal faculty
member, Marianna Di Paolo, a former linguistics department chair who started and
continues to lead the center's project to conserve the Shoshoni language. A
member of the Academic Senate, she only learned of the restructuring from the
U.'s Aug. 31 press release.

"I am in the process of trying to find out what will happen to me and my
project," said Di Paolo, who holds tenure although her position and funding were
recently moved from linguistics to the center. She said she intends to continue
helping the Shoshone preserve their language.

Initially funded by an NSF grant, the Shoshoni Project has transcribed and
translated recorded narratives of native speakers. There remain only a few
hundred people fluent in the language of the various Shoshone and Goshute tribes
that occupy territory stretching from northern Nevada to Wyoming.

Di Paolo has refocused the project on helping the tribes revitalize Shoshoni as
a living tongue. Funding now comes from Barrick Gold Corp. and officials say the
U. will continue its involvement.

"We are committed to sustaining, indeed to enhancing, this project and are
exploring the best ways to do this with all stakeholders," Newman wrote in an
e-mail. The dean declined to be interviewed.

--

A changed mission. » Since the 1990s, Di Paolo has been building on a Shoshoni
language archive gathered by one-time linguistics chair Wick Miller. Following
Miller's death in a 1994 car accident, the U.'s strength in native languages
slipped, according to Di Paolo. A linguistic department review in the early
2000s urged the department to recruit a leading expert in Native American
languages.

That prompted Di Paolo, then department chair, to launch the search that landed
Campbell, who moved to Utah from New Zealand's University of Christchurch with
the expectation of starting CAIL.

The center soon gave the U. national stature in the language preservation
movement. An external 2009 reviewer of linguistics praised the department for
supporting CAIL's "important mission."

But shortly after that review the department severed its oversight of CAIL and
Campbell left.

Forrest Cuch, a Ute tribal official and former member of CAIL's advisory board,
said he is neutral on the changes and remains hopeful the American West Center,
known for its advocacy of historical documentation, will do a good job
preserving Utah's tribal languages. Research by its director, history professor
Greg Smoak, has focused on the Shoshone-Bannock tribe.

"I want us to play to our strengths. We have helped tribes create curricula. We
have done many oral histories with tribal folks," Smoak said. "We can continue
that type of work and broaden it. This isn't to say linguistic preservation is
unimportant, but to look beyond that at cultural preservation."

bmaffly@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

U. of U. dismantling its native language center

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Maine tribes and colleges seal education partnership

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 817 words


Aug. 1--INDIAN ISLAND, Maine -- A meeting between tribal leaders and educators
has sealed a partnership that will unlock opportunities for Native students and
educators and for American Indian studies at three of the most prestigious
liberal arts colleges in the country.

On May 18, leaders from the Penobscot Nation, the Houlton Band of Maliseet
Indians, the Passamaquoddy Tribe and the Aroostook Band of Micmacs met the
presidents of Bates, Bowdoin and Colby colleges at Indian Island to formally
establish a long-term relationship that will provide recruitment of and full
tuition for Native college students, an expansion of Native studies courses and
opportunities for Native educators to teach them.

In addition to providing full tuition -- around $45,000 a year per student at
each of the

colleges -- the plans include a commitment to work with young Native students in
elementary grades to motivate them toward higher education, and to recruit
Native professionals as faculty, counselors, lecturers and museum curators for
exhibits on Maine indigenous culture, performers, artists, environmental
scientists and researchers, and as advisers at the colleges.

An exchange of letters following the meeting expressed enthusiasm for the
initiative.

"May 18, 2007 will be remembered as a historic day when we all came together to
share our mutual aspirations for stronger Wabanaki Nations and liberal arts
colleges. We look forward to working with you and everyone associated with your
institutions more closely as we achieve our mutual and respective goals," the
tribal leaders wrote to the college presidents.

"We have some challenging work ahead of us as we discover new ways to prepare
Wabanaki children for a college education. Bowdoin College staff, in
collaboration with Colby College and Bates College, stands ready to work with
tribal representatives in this historic project," Bowdoin College President
Barry Mills wrote.

"Governor Nicolas [Gov. William Nicholas of Passamaquoddy Tribe at
Motahkokmikuk] commented that it was a historic day when the oldest colleges in
Maine met with the leaders of the oldest governments on earth. We in the
colleges have a great deal to learn and we hope to have much to contribute,"
Bates President Elaine Tuttle Hansen wrote.

The meeting was the culmination of months of discussions initiated by Paul
Bisulca, Penobscot and the chairman of the Maine Indian Tribal-State Commission.

The commission monitors the economic, legal and social relationship between the
tribes and the state, Bisulca said.

"And part of the social relationship is education and, fundamentally, I've
always felt that one of the things you've got to do is have an educated populace
and Indians need to be better educated than they are now," Bisulca said.

The problems aren't just limited to access to schools, but also to motivating
Indian students to go to school and keeping them there, Bisulca said.

The three colleges have the added advantage of being close to home, Bisulca
said.

"Indian kids don't like to leave home. This is not something I can quantify;
it's kind of a qualitative remark, yet it seems to me and to others too that if
they go out of state, their chances are greater that they will [drop out] than
if they stay in-state where they can come home on weekends and go hunting and do
the holidays very easily," Bisulca said.

Instructor Bill Hiss, Bates vice president for external affairs and lecturer in
Asian studies, said the Indian Island meeting was "terrific." It was the first
time he'd been there and the first chance he'd had to meet the tribal leaders.

The colleges, which normally compete with each other in recruiting students,
will be working cooperatively to recruit from the Native communities, Hiss said.

"I think that's an important piece -- to realize that if we're going to enjoy
some success and be of more visible support to the Native communities in Maine
we need to do it cooperatively, and at the same time the tribal communities are
saying, 'We see recruiting students as one piece of a mosaic,' that there's also
having the colleges know more about the Maine communities, having more
representation on their staffs and faculties, and more in their curriculum, more
in their libraries -- all of that makes sense to us," Hiss said.

Hiss has submitted an application for a $933,000 Native American Student
Recruitment Initiative grant from the federal government on behalf of the three
colleges for a three-year recruitment program.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070801-IC-COLLEGES-TRIBES-20070801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2007 Indian Country Today


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Miccosukee Indian School Receives Historic Flexibility to Meet Academic
and Cultural Needs of Students

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of the Interior has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, D.C. - U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Interior Secretary
Sally Jewell announced today that the Miccosukee Indian School (MIS) has
received flexibility from the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA),
also known as No Child Left Behind (NCLB), to use a different definition of
Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) that meets their students' unique academic and
cultural needs. The Miccosukee Indian School in Florida is funded by the
Department of the Interior's Bureau of Indian Education (BIE).

As part of the Obama Administration's Generation Indigenous (Gen-I) initiative
to remove barriers to Native youth success, granting flexibility for the
Miccosukee Indian School to define AYP specifically for their students is an
important step in making the BIE work better to support individual tribal
nations and Native youth. This is the first tribal school to be approved to use
a definition of AYP that is different from the state in which it is located, and
the flexibility is the first of its kind from the Department of Education.

"The plan that Miccosukee put forward will support culturally-relevant
strategies designed to improve college and career readiness for Native children
and youth," said Secretary Duncan. "We believe that tribes must play a
meaningful role in the education of native students. Tribal communities are in
the best position to identify barriers and opportunities, and design effective,
culturally-relevant strategies to improve outcomes for Native students."

This flexibility builds on the work that MIS has already accomplished through
its transition to higher standards and more rigorous assessments, and will allow
MIS leaders to further their work to ensure students graduate high school
college- and career-ready. MIS serves approximately 150 students in grades
kindergarten through 12 and is the only school of the Miccosukee Indian Tribe.

"I applaud Chairman Billie and the Miccosukee Indian School for developing this
innovative and culturally-relevant plan for guiding and measuring their
students' academic progress," said Secretary Jewell. "This flexibility will help
the Miccosukee Nation achieve their goal of maintaining a unique way of life,
cultural customs and language by transmitting the essence of their heritage to
their children. This not only advances Tribal self-determination but can also
serve as a model for other tribes within the Bureau of Indian Education school
system seeking to achieve the same goal for their students."

The announcement was made during a ceremony at the Department of the Interior
with Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Kevin Washburn, BIE Director Dr.
Charles 'Monty' Roessel, Director of the White House Initiative on American
Indian and Alaska Native Education William Mendoza, Chairman Colley Billie of
the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, and MIS Principal Manuel Varela.

According to recent U.S. Department of Education statistics, the graduation rate
for American Indian students has increased by more than four percentage points
over two years, outpacing the growth for all students. The graduation rate for
American Indian students increased from 65 percent in 2010-11 to 69.7 percent in
2012-13. Despite these gains, the graduation rate for American Indian students
is lower than the national rate of 81 percent.

A 2014 White House Native Youth Report cites Bureau of Indian Education schools
fare even worse, with a graduation rate of 53 percent in 2011-12. To address the
critical educational needs of these students, the Obama Administration's
Blueprint for Reform, an initiative of the White House Council on Native
American Affairs chaired by Secretary Jewell, is restructuring Interior's BIE
from a provider of education to a capacity-builder and education
service-provider to tribes.

In addition to reforming the Bureau of Indian Education into a service-provider
to tribal schools, the Obama Administration is supporting other efforts to
improve educational opportunities for Native communities, through initiatives
such as:

Generation Indigenous (Gen-I): focuses on improving the lives of Native youth by
removing the barriers that stand between Native youth and opportunities to
succeed.
    Native Youth Community Projects: provides an estimated $4 million in grants
from the Department of Education to help prepare Native American youth for
success in college, careers and life as part of Gen-I.
    National Tribal Youth Network: supports leadership development and provides
peer support through an interactive online portal.
    Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Completion Initiative
Guidance: permits states to share FAFSA completion rates with tribes to help
Native American students apply for college financial aid as part of President
Obama's FAFSA Completion Initiative.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Eight Tribes Receive Nearly $2.5 Million in Grants; Funds Help Tribes
Take Control of Own Educational Programs

LENGTH: 861  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Phoenix: Department of Education has issued the following news release:



   Eight federally recognized tribes will collectively receive nearly $2.5
million in grant awards from the U.S. Departments of Education and Interior to
bolster their educational programs and advance self-determination goals through
the development of academically rigorous and culturally relevant programs.





 William Mendoza, director of the White House Initiative on American Indian and
Alaska Native Education, and Dr. Charles &ldquo;Monty&rdquo; Roessel, director
of the  Bureau of Indian Education announced the awards today, during the
seventh annual White House Tribal Nations Conference. The grants are funded
through the Department of Education&rsquo;s State-Tribal Education Partnership
(STEP) program, and the U.S. Department of the Interior&rsquo;s Bureau of Indian
Education&rsquo;s Tribal Education Department (TED) program.



 &ldquo;Through these partnerships, we will be putting tribes in the
driver&rsquo;s seat by designing culturally responsive programs to help Native
children reach their education potential,&rdquo; Mendoza said. &ldquo;These
efforts will help reduce the achievement gap and make our Indian students more
college and career-ready.&rdquo; &ldquo;These competitive grants will help
strengthen tribal education departments as they set high academic standards and
incorporate tribal culture, language and history into their curriculum,&rdquo;
said Roessel. &ldquo;This program reflects our commitment to tribal
self-determination. It expands tribes&rsquo; roles in developing educational
goals for their communities and ensuring they have the resources to operate
these systems designed for their students.&rdquo;



 The goal of the STEP program is to build the capacity of tribal education
agencies to assume state and local administrative functions based on policies
formed under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The TED grant program
was created to improve the quality of education in BIE-funded schools under the
auspices of a Blueprint for Reform, a guide put forth by President Obama and
developed in the White House Council on Native American Affairs. The report was
developed based on contributions from tribal governments and key federal and
tribal officials.



 The STEP program provides $1,766,232 to five Native American communities in
Idaho, Montana and Oklahoma to assist tribal schools in partnering with states
and local school districts to develop culturally sensitive teaching strategies,
curriculum materials and data-sharing that can improve attendance, raise
graduation rates and reduce dropouts among Native youth. STEP&rsquo;s pilot
program, featuring tribal-state-local educational partnerships was conducted
from 2012 to 2015, and today&rsquo;s announcement marks the first new round of
funding for the STEP program. The grants provide funding from 2015 to 2019. For
more information about the STEP program, visit
www2.ed.gov/programs/step/index.html.



 The TED program provides $700,000 in grants to support the efforts of four
tribal nations by strengthen their education departments, restructure their
school governance, assume control over their BIE-funded schools, and develop
curriculum for their students&rsquo; unique academic and cultural needs. With
today&rsquo;s announcement, 10 tribal governments have received a total of $2
million in TED grants this year. This is the second round of TED program grants
the Interior Department has awarded this year. The first round of awards in
August 2015 provided a total of $1,350,000 to six tribes: the Acoma Pueblo,
Santa Clara Pueblo, Hopi Tribe, Navajo Nation, Rosebud Sioux Tribe, and Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe. For more information on TED grants, please visit
http://bie.edu/Programs/TribalEduDeptGrantProgram/index.htm.



 The following tribes will receive STEP funding. (One tribe, the Muscogee Creek
Nation in Oklahoma, was awarded the STEP and TED grants):



     The Chickasaw Nation, Okla. ($500,000)

     Nez Perce Tribe, Idaho ($330,000)

     Coeur D&rsquo;Alene Tribe, Idaho ($330,000)

     The Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okla. ($318,463)

     Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, Mont. ($287,769)



 The following tribes will receive TED funding:



     Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians, Mich. ($300,000)

     Leech Lake Band, Minnesota Chippewa Tribe, Minn. ($200,000)

     Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, Miss. ($150,000)

     The Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okla. ($50,000)



 As part of the Interior Department, the BIE oversees 183 elementary and
secondary schools located on 64 reservations in 23 states, serving more than
48,000 students. Of these, 54 are BIE-operated and 129 are tribally operated.



 In conjunction with President Obama&rsquo;s Generation Indigenous or
&ldquo;Gen-I&rdquo; initiative, the Interior Department is leading an effort to
provide students attending BIE-funded schools with a world-class education and
transform the agency to serve as a capacity-builder and service-provider for
tribes in educating their youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Eight Tribes Receive Nearly $2.5 Million in Grants; Funds Help
Tribes Take Control of Own Educational Programs

LENGTH: 860 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news
release:



 Eight federally recognized tribes will collectively receive nearly $2.5 million
in grant awards from the U.S. Departments of Education and Interior to bolster
their educational programs and advance self-determination goals through the
development of academically rigorous and culturally relevant programs.





 William Mendoza, director of the White House Initiative on American Indian and
Alaska Native Education, and Dr. Charles &ldquo;Monty&rdquo; Roessel, director
of the  Bureau of Indian Education announced the awards today, during the
seventh annual White House Tribal Nations Conference. The grants are funded
through the Department of Education&rsquo;s State-Tribal Education Partnership
(STEP) program, and the U.S. Department of the Interior&rsquo;s Bureau of Indian
Education&rsquo;s Tribal Education Department (TED) program.



 &ldquo;Through these partnerships, we will be putting tribes in the
driver&rsquo;s seat by designing culturally responsive programs to help Native
children reach their education potential,&rdquo; Mendoza said. &ldquo;These
efforts will help reduce the achievement gap and make our Indian students more
college and career-ready.&rdquo; &ldquo;These competitive grants will help
strengthen tribal education departments as they set high academic standards and
incorporate tribal culture, language and history into their curriculum,&rdquo;
said Roessel. &ldquo;This program reflects our commitment to tribal
self-determination. It expands tribes&rsquo; roles in developing educational
goals for their communities and ensuring they have the resources to operate
these systems designed for their students.&rdquo;



 The goal of the STEP program is to build the capacity of tribal education
agencies to assume state and local administrative functions based on policies
formed under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The TED grant program
was created to improve the quality of education in BIE-funded schools under the
auspices of a Blueprint for Reform, a guide put forth by President Obama and
developed in the White House Council on Native American Affairs. The report was
developed based on contributions from tribal governments and key federal and
tribal officials.



 The STEP program provides $1,766,232 to five Native American communities in
Idaho, Montana and Oklahoma to assist tribal schools in partnering with states
and local school districts to develop culturally sensitive teaching strategies,
curriculum materials and data-sharing that can improve attendance, raise
graduation rates and reduce dropouts among Native youth. STEP&rsquo;s pilot
program, featuring tribal-state-local educational partnerships was conducted
from 2012 to 2015, and today&rsquo;s announcement marks the first new round of
funding for the STEP program. The grants provide funding from 2015 to 2019. For
more information about the STEP program, visit
www2.ed.gov/programs/step/index.html.



 The TED program provides $700,000 in grants to support the efforts of four
tribal nations by strengthen their education departments, restructure their
school governance, assume control over their BIE-funded schools, and develop
curriculum for their students&rsquo; unique academic and cultural needs. With
today&rsquo;s announcement, 10 tribal governments have received a total of $2
million in TED grants this year. This is the second round of TED program grants
the Interior Department has awarded this year. The first round of awards in
August 2015 provided a total of $1,350,000 to six tribes: the Acoma Pueblo,
Santa Clara Pueblo, Hopi Tribe, Navajo Nation, Rosebud Sioux Tribe, and Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe. For more information on TED grants, please visit
http://bie.edu/Programs/TribalEduDeptGrantProgram/index.htm.



 The following tribes will receive STEP funding. (One tribe, the Muscogee Creek
Nation in Oklahoma, was awarded the STEP and TED grants):



     The Chickasaw Nation, Okla. ($500,000)

     Nez Perce Tribe, Idaho ($330,000)

     Coeur D&rsquo;Alene Tribe, Idaho ($330,000)

     The Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okla. ($318,463)

     Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, Mont. ($287,769)



 The following tribes will receive TED funding:



     Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians, Mich. ($300,000)

     Leech Lake Band, Minnesota Chippewa Tribe, Minn. ($200,000)

     Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, Miss. ($150,000)

     The Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okla. ($50,000)



 As part of the Interior Department, the BIE oversees 183 elementary and
secondary schools located on 64 reservations in 23 states, serving more than
48,000 students. Of these, 54 are BIE-operated and 129 are tribally operated.



 In conjunction with President Obama&rsquo;s Generation Indigenous or
&ldquo;Gen-I&rdquo; initiative, the Interior Department is leading an effort to
provide students attending BIE-funded schools with a world-class education and
transform the agency to serve as a capacity-builder and service-provider for
tribes in educating their youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com



LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Secondary Data Analyses to Explore NIMH Research Domain Criteria (R03)

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PAR-17-158

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Secondary Data Analyses to Explore NIMH Research
Domain Criteria (R03)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Feb 08, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Feb 08, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Jun 07, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $50,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Small businesses

 Special district governments

 State governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Private institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 City or township governments

 County governments

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Independent school districts

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    This FOA seeks applications which propose secondary analyses of
existing clinical research datasets to investigate constructs identified in the
NIMH's Research Domain Criteria (RDoC) initiative and to test novel hypotheses
using the RDoC framework.

 Link to Additional Information:    http://grants.nih.gov/grants/
guide/pa-files/PAR-17-158.html

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday

Study: More American Indian students enter college

BYLINE: By Alysa Landry &mdash; The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 803 words


The number of American Indians enrolled in the state's 25 public colleges and
universities is rising, a New Mexico Higher Education Department study found,
but the department still is failing to retain native students in four-year
programs.

The study, released earlier this summer, found a higher percent of American
Indians earn associate degrees and certificates in New Mexico than in any other
state, but completion of four-year or graduate-level programs drops off.

"The percentage of bachelor's, graduate and professional degrees attained are
roughly 40 percent of where they should be," Secretary of Higher Education Reed
Dasenbrock said.

The number of American Indians who earn bachelor's degrees in New Mexico has
increased 34 percent in the last nine years from 204 in 1998 to 273 in 2007,
according to HED data. The increase, however, is sluggish, Dasenbrock said.

"At this rate of increase, we will reach proportionality in 2086," he said.

Proportionality occurs when the percent of American Indian students enrolled in
four-year programs equals the percent of American Indians in the state's
population, said Matt Martinez, director of education access and equity for the
HED. American Indians comprise about 10.5 percent of the population.

"We're almost there when we talk about two-year degrees and certificates,"
Martinez said. "When it comes to four-year schools and the achievement of
bachelor's degrees, that drops off significantly."

The proportionality gap is 1 percent in two-year programs, or 1,200 students
short of the HED's desired enrollment. The gap widens to more than 5 percent in
four-year programs.

By contrast, there is no gap in the enrollment of Hispanic students, Martinez
said. The HED reports Hispanic students are proportionately represented across
the education spectrum.

The June study found American Indians comprise 9.5 percent of the state's
130,388 college students, with the highest counts at community colleges,
university branches and tribal colleges.

Enrollment in non-tribal colleges is highest at the University of New Mexico
Gallup branch, which boasts a 76 percent native student population. American
Indians make up 36 percent of the student population at New Mexico State
University Grants branch and 26 percent at San Juan Community College.

About 2,200 American Indian students, or about a quarter of the 10,000 American
Indian students statewide, are enrolled in the state's four tribal colleges.

"Tribal colleges offer a different experience," Dasenbrock said. "Many students
choose them because of proximity, especially with the high gas prices, but I
think students ought to get whatever education they can."

Despite the small numbers, native enrollment has jumped more than 20 percent
across the state since 2004.

"Enrollment is increasing, but not at the rates we would like to see," Martinez
said. "The retention efforts also are lacking, meaning students who do enroll
aren't finishing. The bad news is that they're not completing degrees. We need
good teachers, doctors and Indian lawyers. We need people in those professional
fields, and the need is not being met."

Enrollment and retention problems are not exclusive to the American Indian
population, Martinez said, but the gap is more significant. One common obstacle
is geography, especially in isolated reservation communities, he said.

"Community colleges and tribal colleges are local," he said. "That matters if
students have families or other obligations that require they stay local, versus
transferring to larger schools."

Another reason students don't seek a higher education is an eagerness to enter
the work force, Martinez said.

Higher education officials are pushing to reach proportionality by 2009 by
employing a series of recruitment and retention strategies.

The HED is backing several initiatives that would make education affordable and
accessible. It is pushing dual-credit programs that allow students to earn
college credits while in high school and distance-education programs in which
students can attend online classes offered through four-year institutions.

The HED also encourages colleges and universities to recruit American Indian
students, a move that can increase schools' budgets through the Native
American-serving Non-tribal Institutions Program, a federal grant system that
awards funding to schools with native populations topping 10 percent.

Only three New Mexico institutions, including San Juan Community College, have
received this grant, Martinez said. Grant money can be used to hire new faculty,
expand degree programs or otherwise support native students.

"We have the population in New Mexico to lead the nation in this path," he said.
"By our mere population and geographic (location), we're positioned well to be a
role model nationwide."

Alysa Landry: alandry@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Tehama County tribe gets $14 million grant

BYLINE: Heather Hoelscher; Red Bluff Daily News

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 511 words

ABSTRACT

nomelaki get $14M

FULL TEXT

Corning >> The Paskenta Band of Nomlaki Indians have been awarded a five-year
federal grant of more than $14.6 million that will benefit the Corning
elementary and high school districts.

The grant was one of six issued by the Department of Education as part of the
2016 Promise Neighborhood competition.

The program was set up to help communities with educational and community-based
services to meet the complex needs of children and families, according to a
press release. The program is meant to serve and support at-risk children.

Schools that will benefit from the grant are Olive View, Rancho Tehama and West
Street elementary schools, Maywood Middle School, and Corning and Centennial
high schools.

The Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative grant will go toward six
programs, said Matthew Russell, grant project director.

Those programs include:

o The Healthy Families America program for ages 0-5, providing health education
with the Tehama County Health Services Agency.

o A research-based instruction program for kindergarten through eighth grade,
which will focus on improving reading, writing and math skills.

o The Navigate program for high school students, which aims to create a culture
of college preparedness focused on academics and post-secondary programs.

o A college and career readiness program for high school seniors, providing
extra opportunities while in high school, including increasing the number of
college counselors.

o Life skills training for sixth to 12th grades focused on education about
substance abuse and violence prevention.

o A cognitive behavioral therapy program for children and parents, which will
help fund additional counselors and certified therapists for students who have
suffered from trauma and need additional help.

"The Paskenta Band of Nomlaki Indians received a smaller grant in 2012 that
helped them lay the groundwork for improved outcomes for children and families,"
said Nadya Chinoy Dabby, the U.S. Department of Education's assistant deputy
secretary for innovation and improvement. "We are excited about their continued
progress toward establishing high-quality educational, mental health and house
services for tribal youth."

The Paskenta Band are the only tribal group to be awarded the grant, Russell
said. Russell said nearly 80 percent of students entering college in the county
have to take remedial math and English classes. The program aims to change that.

The first year the tribe will receive $2,705,168 to disperse to the various
schools, the second year $3,018,516, the third year $3,054,516, the fourth year
$3,039,518 and the fifth year $3,039,518. The total amount dispersed will be
$14,657,270.

The Tribal Council was instrumental in being awarded this grant, Russell said.
Other groups that also played a part in making the grant possible were the
Tehama County Department of Education, Corning Union Elementary School District,
Tehama County Health Services Agency, United Youth and Families, River Cities
Counseling and Corning Union High School District.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: U.S. Department of Education Announces $3 Million In Grants Available
to Help Native Youth

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Education has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Education today announced the availability of an
estimated $3 million in grants to help Native American youth become college- and
career-ready. Funding for the new Native Youth Community Projects is a key step
toward implementing President Obama's commitment to improving the lives of
American Indian and Alaskan Native children. The new grants will support the
President's Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative launched last year to help
Native American youth.

"We know that tribes are in the best position to determine the needs and
barriers that Native youth face," said U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.
"The Native Youth Community Projects will allow tribal communities to come
together to improve outcomes for students."

In a Federal Register notice, the Department said it would award five to seven
demonstration grants ranging from $400,000 to $600,000 to tribal communities
before Sept. 30. The new program is based on significant consultation with
tribal communities and recognizes that these communities are best-positioned to:

Identify key barriers to improving educational and life outcomes for Native
youth, and
    Develop and implement locally produced strategies designed to address those
barriers.

Each grant will support a coordinated, focused approach chosen by a community
partnership that includes a tribe, local schools and other optional service
providers or organizations. For example, the program allows tribes to identify
ways to achieve college and career readiness specific to their own communities -
whether it's early learning, language immersion or mental health services.
Communities can tailor actions to address one or more of those issues. The
success of these first projects will guide the work of future practices that
improve the educational opportunities and achievement of preschool, elementary
and secondary Indian students.

The President's FY 2016 budget proposal calls for increased investments across
Indian Country, including a total request of $20.8 billion for a range of
federal programs that serve tribes - a $1.5 billion increase over the
2015-enacted level. The budget proposal includes $53 million for fiscal year
2016 - a $50 million increase from this year - to significantly expand the
Native Youth Community Projects program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Cardin Leads Effort to Create Jobs, Preserve Historic Sites

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Ben Cardin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-Md.), a senior member of the Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee, is urging Senate appropriators to support economic
development, job creation and the preservation of our national heritage. In a
letter addressed to Interior, Environment & Related Agencies Subcommittee
Chairman Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Ranking Member Tom Udall (D-N.M.), Cardin
and 21 other senators called for the appropriation of $89.1 million, as
recommended in the President's Budget Proposal, to The Historic Preservation
Fund (HPF) for Fiscal Year 2016.

"Across Maryland and the United States there are a wealth of historic structures
whose preservation is critical to understanding our past and creating jobs in
the future," said Senator Cardin, author of the Thurgood Marshall's Elementary
School Study Act and the President Street Station Study Act. "In a time of
austere federal budgets, we need to be looking at meaningful ways to get the
most out of every dollar. This important federal investment would create much
needed jobs and ensure the protection of historic resources nationwide that
might otherwise be lost forever."

Of the total request, $46.925 million is for State Historic Preservation Offices
(SHPOs), $9.985 million is for Tribal Historic Preservation Offices (THPOs), and
$500,000 is for grants to underserved communities. In addition, this request
includes $30 million for the Civil Rights competitive grants initiative and $2.5
million for competitive grants for Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

In 2014, the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit, administered by SHPOs,
leveraged more than $4.32 billion in private investment and over the life of the
program, has created 2.4 million jobs.

The full text of the letter follows and can be downloaded here.

The Honorable Lisa Murkowski
The Honorable Tom Udall

Chairman
Ranking Member

Interior, Environment & Related Agencies                               Interior,
Environment & Related Agencies

131 Dirksen Senate Office Building
125 Hart Senate Office  Building

Washington D.C. 20515
Washington D.C. 20515

Dear Chairman Murkowski and Ranking Member Udall:

We write requesting that you support economic development, job creation, and our
national heritage by appropriating $89.1 million in funding for the Historic
Preservation Fund (HPF) for Fiscal Year 2016, as recommended in the President's
Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposal. Of the total request, $46.925 million is for
State Historic Preservation Offices (SHPOs), $9.985 million is for Tribal
Historic Preservation Offices (THPOs), and $500,000 is for grants to underserved
communities. In addition, this request includes $30 million for the Civil Rights
competitive grants initiative and $2.5 million for competitive grants for
Historically Black Colleges and Universities.

Tying all of our Nation's historic preservation programs together are the SHPOs
and THPOs. SHPOs carry out the National Historic Preservation Act which provides
citizens the tools they need to revitalize, rehabilitate, and protect the places
that give meaning to America. Funding for SHPOs leverages investments through
local jobs, non-federal contributions and long-term economic development. In
2014, the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit, administered by SHPOs, leveraged
more than $4.32 billion in private investment and over the life of the program,
has created 2.4 million jobs. In 2014, SHPOs also reviewed more than 103,000
federal undertakings for their impact on historic resources and surveyed more
than 16.5 million acres for cultural resources.

THPOs carry-out many of the same functions as SHPOs in tribal areas. There are
now 154 THPOs, compared to only 12 in FY1996 when the program was first funded.
Unfortunately, the amount of HPF funds appropriated is not keeping pace with
this expansion. The addition of new THPOs each year keeps the average level of
support per THPO suppressed at around $60,000, barely enough to operate a
program. With the anticipated increase in the number of THPOs in 2015, the
additional $1 million will result in keeping THPOs at their current funding
level.

Funding these core and essential historic preservation programs represents a
true investment in America's treasured legacy multiplied many times over through
public-private partnerships that benefit economic development in areas across
the country. Most importantly, this important federal investment would create
much needed jobs and ensure the protection of historic resources nationwide that
might otherwise be lost forever.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday

RS 6.2 BILLION ADP FOR FATA APPROVED

LENGTH: 1185 words


PESHAWAR: FATA Annual Development Programme of Rs 6.2 billion for the year
2006-07 with a number of new and innovative development initiatives was approved
in a marathon meeting held here at Governor's House on Thursday. NWFP Governor
Lt. General (retired) Ali Muhammad Jan Orakzai presided over the meeting that
was also attended by FATA Senators and MNAs besides all the Political Agents and
DCOs of FRs and Directors of line departments. The NWFP Chief Secretary Mr. Ejaz
Ahmad Qureshi, Secretary FATA Muhammad Shahad Arbab and Secretary to Governor
Arbab Muhammad Arif were also present in the meeting that lasted for more than
four hours.

An unprecedented initiative in the new yearly program is the inclusion of a
special development package for FRs and adequate funding for rehabilitation and
improvement of existing infrastructure. A multiple Indicators Cluster Survey
would be carried out to update FATA socio-economic indicators for better
planning and development. Other initiatives include establishment of FATA
Development Authority, extension of Rural Support Program to FATA, capacity
building of line departments, skill development program and access to mineral
bearing areas.

Special focus would be on accelerated development of newly opened areas,
completion of ongoing schemes and control and prevention of communicable
diseases. Separate Medical and Engineering colleges would also be established
during the new financial year besides introduction of postgraduate classes in a
few selected degree colleges. At the very outset of the meeting Secretary FATA
Muhammad Shehzad Arbab in a detailed presentation highlighted various aspects of
the new annual development program saying that for the first time serious
efforts would be made to develop tourism in the tribal areas besides the
introduction of micro credit scheme and establishment of mini marble city.

Highlighting the salient features of the development program, he said that
distribution of funds amongst agencies and FRs has been made according to a
formula based on population and area. 70 % of the total budget would be spent on
the on-going schemes whereas new schemes would receive 30 % funding. Allocation
per scheme has also been increased from the previous year's Rs. 5.50 million to
Rs. 6.1 million. Under sectoral priorities, education is on the top with 21 %
allocation followed by communication with 19 % and Regional development with 15
% allocations.

The highest budget allocation is Rs. 1138.340 for South Waziristan followed by
Rs.865.865 for North Waziristan Agency. The New Year's development outlay
contains 1018 development schemes including 151 new schemes whereas 243 schemes
would be completed during the year as against 103 completed in the preceding
year. In the education sector the new schemes include construction of hostels in
all the agencies and FRs; establishment of two degree colleges one each for boys
and girls of FATA at Peshawar; strengthening of supervisory structure; award of
foreign scholarships to FATA scholars and quality assurance of education sector
in FATA.

In the health sector a number of new schemes pertaining to establishment of FATA
Health Foundation, Health Management Information System, control of communicable
diseases and construction of buildings for existing Community Health Centres
form part of the new ADP. In the irrigation sector 100 Micro Hydle Power
Generation Units would be installed besides feasibility and construction of
small and medium Hydle Power Stations in FATA. LPG and CNG units would also be
installed in FATA to remove the fuel scarcity.

The new schemes in the mineral sector include development of infrastructure in
mineral bearing areas besides exploration, estimation and exploitation of coal
reserves and exploration, exploitation and valuation of precious stones in
Bajour and Mohmand agencies. The draft development program was put before the
house for open discussion in which the FATA parliamentarian took active part and
made certain proposals and suggestions. They appreciated the new development
initiatives and paid tributes to the Governor for giving a revolutionary touch
to the annual development program.

They particularly lauded the decision to establish Medical and Engineering
Colleges in FATA, special development package for FRs and extension of micro
credit scheme to tribal areas. They said that peace was the foremost desire of
the tribal people and hoped that the initiative being taken by the Governor in
this regard would certainly bring tangible results. They offered to extend
fullest cooperation to the Governor in his all such endeavours.

Winding up the debate the Governor Orakzai appreciated the elected
representatives for floating valuable, constructive and positive proposals and
commended their critical evaluation. The Governor said that Rs. 6 billion was no
doubt a huge amount but keeping in view the backwardness and lack of economic
opportunities, the FATA needed much more allocation to bring it at par with at
least the NWFP. He vowed to strive for getting further enhancement in the annual
budget for tribal areas. "Judicious and fair spending and development of FATA is
my passion", the Governor said adding "we would do it on war footing".

Regarding establishment of Medical and Engineering Colleges, the Governor said
that these colleges would enhance the opportunities of admissions for FATA
students, as the already available quota for the students of tribal areas in the
professional colleges would continue. However, he said 25 % seats are to be
reserved for the students of rest of the country in order to create cohesion and
understanding between the students of FATA and other parts of the country.

He said that FATA was possessing enormous tourism potential and now onward the
tourist friendly areas would be properly developed and opened for tourists.
This, he added would also help remove negative perceptions about our tribal
areas. On a point, the Governor said that education has to be given maximum
attention to bring attitudinal change in FATA. Similarly, he said recreation and
sports facilities also have to be enhanced to ensure physical development of the
young generation.

The Governor also emphasized the protection of forest wealth, saying that LPG
and CNG facilities will be extended to FATA to arrest ruthless forest cutting.
Pointing towards the complaints made by the parliamentarians the Governor
assured that these would be sorted out in consultation with the Political Agents
and respective departments. The Governor said that distribution of Zakat fund
would be extended to FATA adding that FATA was kept out of the special
development schemes for backward areas but this time we succeeded in including
FATA in these schemes.

Governor Orakzai also pointed towards the poor law and order situation in
certain areas and emphasized the need for getting this improved. He urged the
elected representatives from FATA that great responsibility devolves on them
with regard to restoration of peace in FATA and they should cooperate with the
govt. in its efforts for the restoration of peace

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Domestic Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2006 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Significant Federal Funds for Health Care
Education and Preventive Services

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced over $2.5 million in federal funding to
support health care education and services to areas in need.



 &ldquo;Health care education and services help keep our towns strong,
especially in rural and tribal communities that face a shortage of health care
professionals,&rdquo; said Heitkamp. &ldquo;All North Dakotans deserve to have
access to quality and affordable health care and education and these federal
funds will be used to not only provide preventive services through education,
but to also provide health care services for those who need it the most.&rdquo;



 The federal funds will be distributed as follows:



     Turtle Mountain Community College - $2,285,882. These federal funds will be
used to support the Health Education Access through Rural Training Project
(HEART Project) to provide for the education and training of health care
professionals in areas where they experience a shortage of health care workers
to assist low-income communities. The grants provided to tribal communities will
focus on using culturally appropriate learning and practice methods. These funds
are provided by the Administration for Children and Families Office of Family
Assistance in the U.S. Department of Education.



     Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians - $201,620. These federal funds
will go toward initiatives to prevent domestic violence as well as treatment
services. The programs used culturally appropriate education, prevention,
treatment methods for both domestic and sexual violence. These federal funds can
be used to purchase forensic equipment, medical personnel training, and to also
coordinate the services for those responding to sexual assault on the medical
and forensic side. The grant is made possible by the Domestic Violence
Prevention Initiative through Indian Health Service.



     North Dakota State University (NDSU) - $250,000. These federal funds will
be used to support programs designed to educate some of the most vulnerable
youth about pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. These federal funds are
made available by the Personal Responsibility Education Program through the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services.



 Heitkamp has long supported improved access to health care for rural and tribal
communities. The Senator's Strong and Safe Communities Initiative works to
address some of the emerging challenges facing the state by bringing a greater
focus to keeping North Dakota's communities strong and families safe in their
homes. Included in her efforts is a focus on making sure communities have access
to quality health services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Senator Johnson and HUD Secretary Castro Visit Pine Ridge

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tim Johnson, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senator Tim Johnson (D-SD), Chairman of the Senate Banking, Housing,
and Urban Affairs Committee, and U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) Julian Castro visited the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, where they met
with tribal leaders, toured the reservation to see the housing needs on Pine
Ridge, and toured the Thunder Valley Community Development Corporation (CDC).
Senator Johnson invited Secretary Castro to Pine Ridge to highlight the housing
and economic development challenges in Indian Country and showcase the progress
being made to expand housing opportunities across the reservation.

"Thunder Valley is helping improve the quality of life on Pine Ridge by planning
for sustainable building and development," said Senator Johnson. "Unique
challenges continue to face Indian Country, and Thunder Valley is making great
strides towards creating more sustainable and affordable housing. I'm pleased
that Secretary Castro joined me to witness firsthand the innovative work being
done here and meet the dedicated people that are working to improve their
community."

"Thunder Valley is an example of the power of partnerships," said Secretary
Castro. "Community leaders have come together to develop a bold vision for the
future -- one full of new possibilities in housing, transit and the economy. HUD
has been proud to join our federal partners in helping make this local vision a
reality on the ground. Together, we're going to make this an era of expanding
opportunity here in South Dakota."

During their visit, Senator Johnson and Secretary Castro toured a model
sustainable home led by Nick Tilsen, Thunder Valley's Executive Director. They
also met with Oglala Lakota College students who discussed their work with
sustainable building materials.

The Thunder Valley CDC was formed with a focus on improving outcomes for youth
on the Pine Ridge Reservation, and has been working to foster economic
development and improve quality of life. Earlier this month, HUD announced that
the Oglala Sioux (Lakota) Housing Authority had been awarded a $400,000 grant
through the Indian Community Development Block Grant (ICDBG) program for mold
abatement in at least 75 low-rent housing units. Senator Johnson and Secretary
Castro also toured communities in Pine Ridge that will benefit from this
funding.

In 2010, the Thunder Valley CDC received a $996,100 grant from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development's Sustainable Communities Initiative
. The Initiative provides support for comprehensive, sustainable regional and
local planning efforts that integrate housing, transportation, economic
development, energy, and environmental concerns. The Thunder Valley CDC has been
using those funds to partner with the Oglala Sioux Tribe and other tribal
entities to develop a regional plan for Pine Ridge.

This trip marks Secretary Castro's first visit to Indian Country as a Cabinet
member and highlights his willingness to learn more about the challenges facing
Indian Country and build positive relationships with tribal leaders.

Throughout his career, Senator Johnson has focused attention on the need for
more and better housing opportunities throughout Indian Country. As Chairman of
Senate Banking Committee, Senator Johnson has held several hearings on Native
economic development issues. Earlier this Congress, he worked to include a
provision in the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act
(NAHASDA) reauthorization to assist homeless or at-risk Native American veterans
with housing options on reservations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 58902 - 58902
[FR DOC # 2016-20518]

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Office of Advocacy and Outreach Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request August 23, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by September 26, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Office of Advocacy and Outreach
Title: USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program. OMB Control Number: 0503-0016. Summary
of Collection: The purpose of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 1994 Tribal
Scholars Program is to strengthen the long-term partnership between USDA and the
1994 Land-Grant Institutions to increase the number of students studying and
graduating in food, agricultural, natural resources, and other related fields of
study, and to develop a pool of scientists and professionals to annually fill
50,000 jobs in the food, agricultural, and natural resources system. The
USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program, within the Office of the Assistant Secretary
for Administration, Office of Advocacy and Outreach, is an annual joint human
capital initiative between USDA and the Nation's 1994 Land-Grant Institutions,
also known as 1994 Tribal Colleges and Universities. This program offers a
combination of paid work experience with a USDA sponsoring agency through an
appointment under the Fellowship Experience Program. USDA Tribal Scholarship
recipients are required to study in the food, and agricultural, and related
sciences, as defined by the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and
Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103 (8)). Need and Use of the
Information: Information will be collected to determine the eligibility of
applicants to the USDA Tribal Scholars Program. Each applicant to the program
will be required to apply to announcements of the USDA Tribal Scholars Program
and submit an application with required documentation. The required
documentation will include: (1) A resume; (2) Proof of acceptance or enrollment
in school, a letter of acceptance, or proof of registration, or letter from
school official on official letterhead; (3) A copy of the last high school or
college transcript; and (4) Two letters of recommendation. The collected
information is needed for identifying and tracking capital needs of USDA
agencies from 1994 Land-Grant Institutions through an internship and an award of
an annually reviewed and renewal scholarship with the objective of preparing the
student to complete for placement into USDA's workforce. Description of
Respondents: Individuals or households. Number of Respondents: 300. Frequency of
Responses: Reporting: Annually. Total Burden Hours: 360. Ruth Brown,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-20518 Filed
8-25-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3412-88-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 58902 - 58902
[FR DOC # 2016-20518]

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Office of Advocacy and Outreach Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request August 23, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by September 26, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Office of Advocacy and Outreach
Title: USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program. OMB Control Number: 0503-0016. Summary
of Collection: The purpose of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 1994 Tribal
Scholars Program is to strengthen the long-term partnership between USDA and the
1994 Land-Grant Institutions to increase the number of students studying and
graduating in food, agricultural, natural resources, and other related fields of
study, and to develop a pool of scientists and professionals to annually fill
50,000 jobs in the food, agricultural, and natural resources system. The
USDA/1994 Tribal Scholars Program, within the Office of the Assistant Secretary
for Administration, Office of Advocacy and Outreach, is an annual joint human
capital initiative between USDA and the Nation's 1994 Land-Grant Institutions,
also known as 1994 Tribal Colleges and Universities. This program offers a
combination of paid work experience with a USDA sponsoring agency through an
appointment under the Fellowship Experience Program. USDA Tribal Scholarship
recipients are required to study in the food, and agricultural, and related
sciences, as defined by the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and
Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103 (8)). Need and Use of the
Information: Information will be collected to determine the eligibility of
applicants to the USDA Tribal Scholars Program. Each applicant to the program
will be required to apply to announcements of the USDA Tribal Scholars Program
and submit an application with required documentation. The required
documentation will include: (1) A resume; (2) Proof of acceptance or enrollment
in school, a letter of acceptance, or proof of registration, or letter from
school official on official letterhead; (3) A copy of the last high school or
college transcript; and (4) Two letters of recommendation. The collected
information is needed for identifying and tracking capital needs of USDA
agencies from 1994 Land-Grant Institutions through an internship and an award of
an annually reviewed and renewal scholarship with the objective of preparing the
student to complete for placement into USDA's workforce. Description of
Respondents: Individuals or households. Number of Respondents: 300. Frequency of
Responses: Reporting: Annually. Total Burden Hours: 360. Ruth Brown,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-20518 Filed
8-25-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3412-88-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Advancing our Understanding of the Brain Epitranscriptomics (R01)

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PAR-17-153

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Advancing our Understanding of the Brain
Epitranscriptomics (R01)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Feb 03, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Feb 03, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Jun 07, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    State governments

 City or township governments

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Independent school districts

 Special district governments

 Small businesses

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 County governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    The "epitranscriptome" refers to chemical modifications of RNA
molecules. RNA modifications in the brain have been reported to regulate the
fate and function of both coding and noncoding RNAs and are emerging as a
critical element of cellular function. The purpose of this initiative is to
stimulate research into the functions of modified RNAs in the brain and/or the
associated modification proteins that act on RNA (readers, writers, and erasers)
and play a role in basic neurobiological and behavioral processes implicated in
mental and substance use disorders.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Advancing Our Understanding of the Brain Epitranscriptome (R21)

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PAR-17-152

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Advancing Our Understanding of the Brain
Epitranscriptome (R21)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Feb 03, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Feb 03, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Jun 07, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $200,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Private institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 County governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 City or township governments

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Small businesses

 Special district governments

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 State governments

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Independent school districts

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    The "epitranscriptome" refers to chemical modifications of RNA
molecules. RNA modifications in the brain have been reported to regulate the
fate and function of both coding and noncoding RNAs and are emerging as a
critical element of cellular function. The purpose of this initiative is to
stimulate research into the functions of modified RNAs in the brain and in the
associated modification proteins that act on RNA (readers, writers, and erasers)
that play a role in basic neurobiological and behavioral processes implicated in
mental and substance use disorders.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

New Mexico: Udall, Heinrich Introduce Bill to Preserve and Expand Native
American Languages

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


TOm Udall Senator for New Mexico has issued the following news release:


WASHINGTON - Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced they
have introduced a bill to preserve endangered Native languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand Native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of Tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native language education fosters pride and a feeling of interconnectedness
between generations and has been linked to higher academic achievement among
Native youth. I'm proud to support funding for Native language immersion
programs that are so important in New Mexico and across the country," Udall
said.

"Preserving Native languages are integral to maintaining cultural identity,"
Heinrich said. "Instruction in these languages promotes creativity, boosts high
school graduation rates and college enrollment, and yields long-term benefits
outside the classroom. Fostering an environment where Native students are
connected to their language makes them leaders in their community, and ensures
their rich culture and traditions are handed down to future generations."

The bill was led by Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.). Senators Heidi Heitkamp
(D-N.D.) and Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) also cosponsored the measure.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill seeks to limit overhead
costs and reduce the resource demands on Tribal and school administrators
seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to Tribes, Tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

Udall and Heinrich are longtime supporters of improving opportunities for
students to study Native languages. They also have introduced the Esther
Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act to provide grants to Native
American language educational organizations to preserve disappearing Native
languages in Indian Country. The bill reauthorizes the Native American Languages
Program until 2020, and includes improvements to expand the program's
eligibility to smaller-sized classes and allow for longer grant periods.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Udall, Heinrich Introduce Bill to Preserve and Expand Native American Languages

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced they have
introduced a bill to preserve endangered Native languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand Native language immersion programs.  The
grants will support the revitalization and maintenance of Tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native language education fosters pride and a feeling of interconnectedness
between generations and has been linked to higher academic achievement among
Native youth. I'm proud to support funding for Native language immersion
programs that are so important in New Mexico and across the country," Udall
said.

"Preserving Native languages is integral to maintaining cultural identity,"
Heinrich said. "Instruction in these languages promotes creativity, boosts high
school graduation rates and college enrollment, and yields long-term benefits
outside the classroom. Fostering an environment where Native students are
connected to their language makes them leaders in their community, and ensures
their rich culture and traditions are handed down to future generations."

The bill was led by Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.). Senators Heidi Heitkamp
(D-N.D.) and Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) also cosponsored the measure.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill seeks to limit overhead
costs and reduce the resource demands on Tribal and school administrators
seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to Tribes, Tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

Udall and Heinrich are longtime supporters of improving opportunities for
students to study Native languages. They also have introduced the Esther
Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act to provide grants to Native
American language educational organizations to preserve disappearing Native
languages in Indian Country. The bill reauthorizes the Native American Languages
Program until 2020, and includes improvements to expand the program's
eligibility to smaller-sized classes and allow for longer grant periods.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

New Mexico: Senators Udall, Heinrich Introduce Bill to Preserve and Expand
Native American Languages

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Democratic Party has issued the following news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced yesterday they have
introduced a bill to preserve endangered Native languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand Native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of Tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native language education fosters pride and a feeling of interconnectedness
between generations and has been linked to higher academic achievement among
Native youth. I'm proud to support funding for Native language immersion
programs that are so important in New Mexico and across the country," Udall
said.

"Preserving Native languages are integral to maintaining cultural identity,"
Heinrich said. "Instruction in these languages promotes creativity, boosts high
school graduation rates and college enrollment, and yields long-term benefits
outside the classroom. Fostering an environment where Native students are
connected to their language makes them leaders in their community, and ensures
their rich culture and traditions are handed down to future generations."

The bill was led by Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.). Senators Heidi Heitkamp
(D-N.D.) and Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) also cosponsored the measure.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill seeks to limit overhead
costs and reduce the resource demands on Tribal and school administrators
seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to Tribes, Tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

Udall and Heinrich are longtime supporters of improving opportunities for
students to study Native languages. They also have introduced the Esther
Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act to provide grants to Native
American language educational organizations to preserve disappearing Native
languages in Indian Country. The bill reauthorizes the Native American Languages
Program until 2020, and includes improvements to expand the program's
eligibility to smaller-sized classes and allow for longer grant periods.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

New Mexico: Senators Udall, Heinrich Introduce Bill to Preserve and Expand
Native American Languages

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Democratic Party has issued the following news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced yesterday they have
introduced a bill to preserve endangered Native languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand Native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of Tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native language education fosters pride and a feeling of interconnectedness
between generations and has been linked to higher academic achievement among
Native youth. I'm proud to support funding for Native language immersion
programs that are so important in New Mexico and across the country," Udall
said.

"Preserving Native languages are integral to maintaining cultural identity,"
Heinrich said. "Instruction in these languages promotes creativity, boosts high
school graduation rates and college enrollment, and yields long-term benefits
outside the classroom. Fostering an environment where Native students are
connected to their language makes them leaders in their community, and ensures
their rich culture and traditions are handed down to future generations."

The bill was led by Senator Jon Tester (D-Mont.). Senators Heidi Heitkamp
(D-N.D.) and Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii) also cosponsored the measure.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill seeks to limit overhead
costs and reduce the resource demands on Tribal and school administrators
seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to Tribes, Tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

Udall and Heinrich are longtime supporters of improving opportunities for
students to study Native languages. They also have introduced the Esther
Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act to provide grants to Native
American language educational organizations to preserve disappearing Native
languages in Indian Country. The bill reauthorizes the Native American Languages
Program until 2020, and includes improvements to expand the program's
eligibility to smaller-sized classes and allow for longer grant periods.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                              April 3, 2011 Sunday

Plight of Theological Students of Manipur Tribals in Regard to The Post Matric
Scholarship

LENGTH: 2342 words

DATELINE: India


India, April 3 -- Theological study is a branch of academic education and
knowledge similarly to other disciplines which aim at earning a degree. It is
also based on certification like other academic streams to mould and shape one
future career so as to enable him/her to pursue a higher study of education. It
is not therefore, a different application or system of education away from
academic parlance. It is thus likely and necessary that a theological student
from S.T/S.C background who is pursuing a degree gets the Post-Matric
Scholarship of S.T/S.C, funded by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and Ministry of
Social Justice and Empowerment without any hindrance unless, he/she is availing
other scholarships like the Post-Matric minority scholarship, funded by the
Ministry of Minority Affairs. The tribal theological students should be allowed
to apply the scholarship smoothly so as to enable them to continue their course
of study and to pursue a higher learning without any financial constraints by
availing the scholarship.

The theological students, like the students of other academic courses like B.A.,
B.Sc or B.Com, etc are paying full admission fees, tuition fees, examination
fees, academic and other necessary fees. They need to manage themselves like
those students from secular studies and as such, they need maintenance
allowances as well in the form of a full scholarship. Like many secular colleges
of learning, most of these theological or Bible Colleges are also affiliated to
a centrally recognized University and alike and are full fledge institutes as
per rules and norms laid down in the educational policy of the Country.

In fact, the rules and regulations of the Post-Matric Scholarship for S.T/S.C
formulated by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of India and
implemented by the concerned State Governments do not mention anything which
would exclude non-secular studies under the purview of the scholarship. It does
not disallow the theological students from benefiting this scholarship. So, the
concerned State Government and its Department which is monitoring and
implementing the said scholarship cannot just simply deny the right of
theological students from getting the scholarship.

The theological students of Manipur availed the PMS till the financial year,
2006-2007 continuously but hereafter, from 2007-2008, the same students were
denied the Scholarship even though they applied for it, and in the succeeding
year, i.e. for 2008-09, they were not even allow to apply the said scholarship.
The only reason expressed by the concerned authority as to why the scholarship
is debarred to these students is that, it is because their course of studies is
non-secular! However, our adjacent states like Nagaland, Mizoram and Meghalaya
sanctioned and paid full scholarship to their theological students. Except in
Manipur, that is also recently, no demarcation is drawn between secular and
spiritual studies in respect to giving the Post Matric Scholarship to the
Scheduled Tribe and Scheduled Caste students.

Taking into account the above points critically, the Trulock Theological
Seminary, Imphal was visited within the first week of March, 2009. The purpose
of the visit was to interview the students and staffs of the Institute and to
get first hand information about their views and to take note of their plights
with regard to the Post-Matric Scholarship so that factual knowledge and
understanding could be acquired. A conclusion can then be drawn after analyzing
and studying the details of what has been found out from the information
obtained there.

Seiminchon,1 the General Secretary of TTSSF (Trulock Theological Seminary
Students' Fellowship) was the first person to be interviewed. In his interview,
he mentioned that the previous theological students availed the scholarship till
the year 2006-07 but since then, scholarship was revoked to theological students
by the Directorate of Development of Tribals and SC, Manipur without assigning
any reason. There after, i.e., from the academic session of 2007-08, no more
scholarship is granted to them. They were the first students who were debarred
from the scholarship. He further stated that there is no other scholarship or
stipend he received from any other source. He also maintained that no one from
the institute has applied the scholarship again since they have been informed
that, even if they applied, they will not been awarded the scholarship. He
raised a question as to why they should not also be granted the PMS since the
Trulock Theological Seminary (TTS) is affiliated to the Senate of Serampore,
Calcutta, duly recognized by the UGC (University Grants Commission). As the
institute is also directly under the purview of a recognized Institute, the
tribal students must be, as per rules, entitled to benefit the scholarship as
long as they fulfill the norms and standard laid down by the Regulations of the
Scheme. He even pointed out that the TTS and MTC at Kangpokpi are full fledged
institutes of the Senate of Serampore, Calcutta, recognized by the UGC while
many other theological institutes are affiliated to ATA (Asian Theological
Association).

When asked whether there was any measure taken to relieve their cause, he
explained that they themselves had brought up the matter to the concerned
authority, but when every step failed on their part, the MUTSU (Manipur
University Tribal Students Union), AMSU (All Manipur Students Union), KSO ( Kuki
Students' Organisation) and the HAC (Hill Area Committee) were approached. The
Director and Deputy Director for Tribal Welfare had been urged, the concerned
Secretary was petitioned, but all these requests vanished in the thick air
unsolved.

Themneimawi, 2 another B.D II Year Student was asked about her reaction on this
regard, and she said that she was quite disheartened and unhappy. She maintained
that since they were the first batch being denied the scholarship, she felt
morally neglected and degrading. According to her own statement, no definite
reason was given to them for this withdrawal. She stated that they did not apply
for any other scholarship and as such, they were learning without a single
scholarship though most of them hailed from a very poor family background. 'No
one is there to see and understand our plight and to take necessary measures on
this regard,' she added.

Neingneihoi, 3 another interviewee, said that she came here for her B.D.
(Bachelor of Divinity) from Nagaland, where she resided and completed her B.Th
(Bachelor of Theology). She availed the Post Matric Scholarship during her B.Th
course. She said that she was shock to learn that the theological students of
Manipur were debarred from the Post-Matric Scholarship since the past two years.
She raised a question why these students should not avail the Scholarship when
the same students of Nagaland and other States were being awarded? She argued
that she was pursuing her course of studies not because of the sole aim of
scholarship, but she felt unsatisfactory when she would be denied of what she
ought to get as she had no other source of income to relieve her financial
problem. It is true that many poor students, coming from remote areas are in the
hope of getting scholarship to relieve themselves from financial burden. But
this expectation and hope is turned into a mere day dream.

In order to cover a wider range of study and to acquire more evidences, the
Grace Bible College, New Lamka and Evangelical College of Theology, Nehru Mark,
both in Churachandpur were visited on June 16, 2009. But the visit coincided
with the summer vocation and there were no students to interview there. One of
the main objects or purposes of visiting the two institutes was to obtain
information regarding the initiative that has been taken on this issue.

Rev. Dr. Sonna Langzakham Ph.D,4 the Principal of Grace Bible College was
interviewed and it was learned that his students received the Post-Matric
Scholarship till the year 2006-2007, but thereafter, it was ceased. The students
organized themselves with a few other Bible colleges' students who were being
denied the same and urged the concerned authorities to revoke the order but this
went unheeded. The only reason given to them was that theological studies were a
non-secular course and the Scheme excluded such a study. The students' body met
the Director of Tribal Welfare, Manipur, in 2008 and urged for uninterrupted
payment. To their dismay, they got a reply that final authority was with the
Commissioner for Scholarship/T.D., and he was not in a position to help them if
no positive direction came from the higher authority. They also approached the
Deputy Director, Scholarship/T.D. and requested him to do something on this
regard. The officer merely replied that though he understood their (the
students) grievances and would like helping them, the higher authorities should
be positive towards this matter in order to materialize something.

The students also approached P.C., Lawmkunga, the then Principal Secretary,
(Hills/T.D.), and requested his kind approval for the scholarship which he
flatly turned down. The students actually laid much blame on him for non-payment
of the scholarship to theological students. The students argued that Shri T.
Phungzathang, the then Minister for Tribal Development and Shri O. Ibobi Singh,
the Chief Minister of Manipur, Government of Manipur, who held the finance
portfolio were in favour of granting the scholarship to the theological
students. This was not well received by the concerned Commissioner and
Secretary. The Chief Minister had even given a direction along with an earmarked
or budgetary statement for scholarship payment to the Department but without any
outcome. It appears that though the Ministry had allocated fund for the said
purpose, it was not effected by the lower authorities.

Though the scholarship was not granted to theological students in 2006-07, many
of them were disheartened to apply in the following year, i.e. for 2007-08, but
their applications were rejected. The Principal of Grace Bible College stated
that, as a result of this, none of his students had applied further for 2008-09
academic session. Since then, the matter had been left aside by the students'
community.

When Rev. Kh. Khaizakham, B.A., Th.M, D.Miss,5 Principal, Evangelical College of
Theology, Churachandpur was interviewed, it was ascertained that his students
availed the Post-Matric Scholarship till the academic session, 2006-07 but they
were debarred from the next academic session though they applied for it. All the
initiatives taken by the students having failed already, none of the students
applied again from the academic session of 2008-09. When asked what initiatives
had been taken up on their part, Khaizakham replied that initially, his students
along with the students of Grace Bible College and alike put a joint effort and
their representatives met the higher authorities to convince them in their
favour. The representatives also approached ATSUM (All Tribal Students Union,
Manipur) and the KSO (Kuki Students Organisation) to take up the issue on their
behalf but no positive results turned out. It was a common reaction that P.C.
Lawmkunga was so much oppose to granting a scholarship for Theological Courses.
In response to why he was too adamant, it was generally held that Lawmkunga
considered theological courses as purely non-secular and therefore, these
religious studies were excluded within the Post-Matric Scholarship Scheme.

When his personal view was taken, Khaizakham remarked that if it was true that
religious courses were outside the Scholarship Scheme, why Mizoram and Nagaland
could grant the same scholarship for such courses! He pointed out that there was
a student from his Institute who used to seek his signature for applying this
scholarship which he always got. So, his general conclusion was that the
theological students of Manipur should also be awarded the PMS as there is no
other scholarship or source of income for the students. They pursue their
studies without any stipend, grant or scholarship.

The Grace Bible College and the Evangelical College of Theology are both,
accredited Colleges of the Asian Theological Association, India, attached with
Andra University, duly recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). So,
the main questions which arises after critical evaluation of the above findings
are-

1. On what specific ground the theological students are denied their Post-Matric
scholarship?

2. If the reason for refutation is that such studies are non-secular and are
excluded within the Scholarship Scheme, then under which rules or regulations it
is so?

3. If it is really true that theological study is outside the purview of
scholarship scheme and the Rules and Regulations of the Scheme do not naturally
cover such studies, why then, the students were paid till the year 2006-07? Is
there any modification from that point of time?

4. If such a revised rule has become effective, why and how could other states
still continue to pay the same to their students for such courses?

5. If there was alteration of the Regulations of the Scheme, then why is it not
notified

Officially through newspapers or intimated to the concerned institutes? And if
the Implementing agency or the State Government are not quite familiar with the

Regulation governing the award of Scholarship as specified by the Ministry of
Tribal Affairs and Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, why is the matter
not brought up to the notice of the sanctioning Ministry to seek their view,
advice or clarification?

Taking into account the above points, even if the Scheme has excluded the non
secular courses from the purview of the Scholarship, the concerned Ministry has
to at least clarify and notify the same stating the reasons clearly. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 10, 2009 Tuesday

National Science Foundation grant to boost women and minority representation at
Okla. State Univ.

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 287  words


Oklahoma State University has received a $499,372 grant from the National
Science Foundation to increase its initiative to promote the representation of
women and minorities in agriculture, science, technology, engineering and
mathematics.

"With this grant, OSU will evaluate and implement programs to increase the
recruitment and advancement of women in science," said Jean Van Delinder,
associate professor of sociology and core faculty in gender and women's studies.
She is the principal investigator for the three-year grant.

The grant was awarded through the NSF Advance-Paid - Partnership for Adaptation,
Implementation and Dissemination - program.

"The programs are designed to replace impediments to women's progress in science
with a climate that provides greater support and that facilitates advancement at
all levels," she said. "These include mentoring and providing greater
opportunities for networking and visibility. "

Joining Van Delinder as principal investigators are Provost Marlene Strathe;
Robert V. Miller, professor and head, microbiology; James Wicksted, professor
and head, physics; and John Veenstra, professor and head, civil engineering.
Senior investigators are Lu Bailey, assistant professor of social foundations in
the College of Education, and Melanie Page, associate professor of psychology.

OSU will partner with the University of Missouri, which has its own Advance-Paid
program, to strengthen each initiative through collaboration, coordination and
joint programs.

OSU also will share its programs with area colleges, including Langston
University, a historically black university, and three tribal colleges - the
College of the Muscogee Nation, Comanche Nation College and Pawnee Nation
College.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday

CM launches incentive scheme for tribal girls

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: BALASORE


BALASORE, July 2 -- Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik launched Odisha Girls
Incentive Programme (OGIP) at Baripada during his visit to Mayurbhanj district
on Monday. The new programme is aimed at benefiting Rs 2.5 lakh SC/ST girl
students of Class IX and X.

Addressing a public gathering, Naveen said it was a new initiative of the State
Government to encourage the SC and ST girl students to complete secondary
education as well as provide an enabling environment for their higher education.

"The day-scholar SC and ST girl students studying in Class IX and X will be
provided with a yearly scholarship of Rs 3,200 under this programme. The
initiative will definitely provide a major boost to the secondary education
among the tribal girls and enhance their academic performance," Patnaik said.

Stating that good governance and service to people are the objectives of his
Government, the Chief Minister said several schemes of the Government have been
providing succour to people of all ages including farmers, students and
entrepreneurs. He said family pension scheme will benefit about 50 lakh farmers
in the State.

The Chief Minister sought the cooperation of people for effective implementation
of the schemes. Besides highlighting the achievements in the field of education,
agriculture, old-age pension, road, electrification, drinking water supply
facilities as well as training for youths, Patnaik also claimed that 108
emergency ambulance service provided to some parts of the State was doing an
outstanding job.

At Balasore, Naveen flagged off the 108 emergency ambulance service for the
district and the neighbouring Mayurbhanj.

Speaking on the occasion, he said the Government was focusing on improving
health services in the State. "We have recently appointed over 400 doctors in
various hospitals in the State and enhanced the seats of SCB Medical College
upto 250 seats. We also plan to increase the seats in MKCG and VSS Medical
Colleges and Hospitals," Naveen said.

The BJD president said while about 15,000 meritorious students would benefit
from the laptops to be provided to them on August 15, umbrella scheme will come
to the help of 33 lakh poor people.

The Chief Minister laid the foundation stone for a 100-bed maternal child health
care unit to be built at a cost of Rs 15 crore inside Balasore district
headquarters hospital, inaugurated a 24-bed Special Neonatal Care Unit (SNCU)
building built at a cost of '31 lakh in Baripada hospital and laid stones for
Skill Upgradation Training Centre for tribal youths in Murgabadi. He also
inaugurated a 200-bed ST girls hostel building and unveiled the statue of
Maharaja Purna Chandra Bhanj Deo in front of MPC College.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 2, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

NEED FOR GERIATRIC NURSES GROWING;
COLLEGES COLLABORATE ON TRAINING

BYLINE: By ANITA WEIER The Capital Times

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 626 words


As the population of the Upper Midwest ages, more nurses trained in geriatric
care are needed for the elderly.

A cooperative program among 25 colleges in the area is being developed with a
$1.5 million grant to the University of Minnesota from the John A. Hartford
Foundation to develop a Hartford UM Center for Geriatric Nursing Excellence.

Nine Wisconsin institutions participating include Edgewood College and the
University of Wisconsin-Madison.

The Minnesota-based center will focus on increasing the number of quality
faculty who will provide academic leadership and expertise in geriatric nursing
at colleges and universities in the Upper Midwest as well as tribal colleges
across the nation.

North Dakota and South Dakota have the highest proportions of adults 65 and
older; Minnesota and Wisconsin rank in the top 15 states in the nation for
adults 85 and older. And the Baby Boomers are coming.

The Hartford Center is developing a summer education program, a nursing
mentorship program and an American Indian Nurse Faculty and Tribal College
Initiative - all aimed at increasing the number of faculty with geriatric
nursing expertise.

"This new center will be a resource to all of the Upper Midwest nursing programs
in terms of teaching geriatric nursing care," said Jean Wyman, director of the
Minnesota Hartford Center, which received the grant last year.

The center aims to increase the number of new and existing nursing faculty
members who can strengthen geriatric nursing at all levels of academic nursing
programs.

Colleen Gullickson, a professor in the School of Nursing at Edgewood College,
will represent the college in the Hartford effort.

"The purpose of the grant is to improve or supplement or have a collective
discussion about ways to improve geriatric education in the nursing curriculum,"
Gullickson said. "This is a topic that is talked about a lot but not always
implemented."

Barbara Bowers, associate dean for research at the UW-Madison School of Nursing,
is participating in the center because of her interest in aging and long-term
care.

"This is really a consortium, an effort to pool the resources from a lot of
colleges and universities," she said.

"There is a fair amount of expertise here and other schools will offer theirs as
well. I foresee educational materials and conferences. This is a cooperative
time- and cost-efficient way of making expertise available."

Representatives of the schools of nursing that are members of the Upper Midwest
Geriatric Nursing Alliance will go to the University of Minnesota in May for
learning and brainstorming. They will also receive online educational
opportunities and educational materials for faculty.

Health care professionals are concerned about the lack of nurses and nursing
faculty who will have to deal with a huge surge in the number of elderly people
in the United States, including a particularly high number in the Upper Midwest.

State officials previously estimated that Wisconsin needs 2,430 registered
nurses to enter the work force each year until 2012 but, in 2004, only 1,755
nursing graduates took the state exam to become registered nurses.

The nursing shortage may be especially severe in geriatric nursing, Gullickson
said.

"The prestige level of nurses in the geriatric area is relatively low, probably
the lowest. The prestige is in the ICU, emergency room, trauma and other fields.
We have to change that perception. Students think of it as long-term care, but
only 5 percent of geriatric patients are in long-term care; the rest are in the
community."

Founded in 1929, the New York City-based John A. Hartford Foundation focuses on
training, research and service system innovations that promote the health and
independence of America's older adults.

aweier@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

National Cooperative Drug/Device Discovery/Development Groups (NCDDG) for the
Treatment of Mental or Substance Use Disorders or Alcohol Addiction (U19)

LENGTH: 690  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PAR-17-186

 Funding Opportunity Title:    National Cooperative Drug/Device
Discovery/Development Groups (NCDDG) for the Treatment of Mental or Substance
Use Disorders or Alcohol Addiction (U19)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 01, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 01, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Feb 24, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Feb 24, 2020

 Archive Date:    Mar 31, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Private institutions of higher education

 State governments

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Independent school districts

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 City or township governments

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Special district governments

 County governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Small businesses

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign
Institutions) are not eligible to apply. Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of
U.S. Organizations are not eligible to apply. Foreign components, as defined in
the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are allowed.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    The purpose of this initiative is to: accelerate innovative
drug and device discovery; develop pharmacologic and neuromodulatory tools for
basic and clinical research on mental disorders, substance use disorders (SUDs)
or alcohol addiction; develop and validate tools (pharmacologic or
neurostimulation) in support of experimental therapeutic studies of innovative
new candidates for mental disorders; and support early stage human studies to
rapidly assess the safety, tolerability, and pharmacodynamics of promising drug
candidates/devices and new indications for novel Investigational New Drug
(IND)-ready agents or Pre-Market Approval (PMA)-ready devices for the treatment
of mental disorders, SUDs or alcohol addiction. This FOA encourages applications
to advance the discovery, preclinical development, and proof of concept (PoC)
testing of new, rationally based candidate agents and neurostimulation
approaches to treat mental disorders or SUDs or alcohol addiction, and to
develop novel ligands and circuit-engagement devices as tools to further
characterize existing or to validate new drug/device targets. Partnerships
between academia and industry are strongly encouraged.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

EPA grants for Great Lakes announced

BYLINE: By John Myers Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Outdoors; Wisconsin

LENGTH: 651 words


The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday unveiled $161 million for
270 projects from Minnesota to New York as part of the Great Lakes Restoration
Initiative.

The money is part of the $475 million approved by Congress last year to help
stem the tide of invasive species, stop sewage overflows, reduce beach closings,
clean up toxic sediments, prevent future pollution and protect and restore fish
and wildlife habitat in and near the lakes.

In Minnesota, projects range from reducing mercury in taconite plant emissions
to restoring Amity Creek in Duluth, and supporters praised the new-flowing cash
for "shovel ready" projects that will begin to help reverse years of ecological
losses for the lakes.

The Amity Creek project -- led by the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, the
University of Minnesota Duluth's Natural Resources Research Institute, Sea Grant
and other agencies -- received $843,616 to help restore stream banks and fix
slopes of feeder creeks to improve water quality in the stream that feeds into
Lake Superior.

Several projects already are under way along the Duluth creek that has been hit
hard by human activity over the past 150 years.

"The creek is a source of phosphorus, nutrients and sedimentation and mercury
for western Lake Superior," said Rich Axler, NRRI researcher. "Improve the water
quality in the stream and you improve it in the lake."

But many Lake Superior projects did not get funding this year, with the EPA
receiving more than 1,000 grant applications.

Other Minnesota projects include:


     ·    21st Century Invasive Species Outreach to Anglers -- Wildlife Forever,
          $126,000



     ·    Comprehensive Regional Public Outreach Campaign on Aquatic Invasive
          Species -- U of M, $1,555,235



     ·    Avian botulism in Cladophora: Growth, toxins and management -- U of M,
          $390,188.



     ·    Beach Information Communication System -- U of M, $198,140.



     ·    Great Lakes Environmental Indicators testing -- U of M, $1,625,769



     ·    Great Lakes Consortium Fish Consumption Advisory Enhancement --
          Minnesota Department of Health, $1,207,055.



     ·    Great Lakes Restoration Effects on Fish Mercury Levels -- Science
          Museum of Minnesota, $265,235.



     ·    Invasive species public outreach in an aquarium setting -- Great Lakes
          Aquarium, $134,485.



     ·    Flute Reed River Restoration Initiatives -- Minnesota PCA, $540,603.



     ·    Restoring Lake Superior's Streams One Neighbor at a Time -- Community
          Action Duluth, $636,365.



     ·    Restoring moose foraging habitat in Lake Superior uplands -- U of M,
          $193,432.



     ·    St. Louis River Area of Concern Implementation Framework Development
          -- Minnesota PCA, $411,680.



     ·    Taconite Mercury Emission Control Studies: Phase One -- Minnesota
          Department of Natural Resources, $1,591,985.



     ·    Other Great Lakes regional projects funded include water monitoring
          system with buoys, a Sea Grant water safety initiative and monitoring
          to determine the health and function of wetlands.


For Wisconsin areas of Lake Superior's watershed, the projects include:


     ·    Barrens Habitat Restoration for Endangered/Threatened Species --
          Wisconsin DNR, $109,430.



     ·    Chequamegon Bay Area Partnership Habitat Restoration Project --
          Northland College, $251,414.



     ·    Chequamegon Bay Partnership Beach Sanitary Surveys Project --
          Northland College, $192,116.



     ·    Implementing Wisconsin DNR Lake Superior Near Shore Monitoring Plan --
          University of Wisconsin-Superior, Lake Superior Research Institute,
          $971,714.



     ·    Lake Superior Binational Forum management plan implementation/outreach
          -- Lake Superior Binational Forum at Northland College, $144,623.



     ·    Mercury testing and updating tribal walleye consumption advice --
          Great Lakes Indian Fish and Wildlife Commission, $458,524.



     ·    Red Cliff Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Septic System Project -- Red
          Cliff Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, $365,637.



     ·    Risk Assessment of Invasive Species to Tribal Resources -- Great Lakes
          Indian Fish and Wildlife Commission, $142,430.



     ·    The Ashland/Chequamegon Bay Shoreland Restoration Project -- Wisconsin
          DNR, $222,491.


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

First Pakistani Christian from Fata awarded US scholarship

LENGTH: 128 words

DATELINE: LANDIKOTAL


Sajid Masih hailing from Khyber Agency has become the first Christian from the
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) to be awarded a scholarship to study
abroad.



The Northern Virginia Community College in the United States awarded scholarship
to young Sajid Masih. He had applied to the Community College Initiative
Programme (CCIP) under the US exchange programme. Around 882 applicants from all
over Pakistan had applied for the scholarship.

Talking to media before his departure for the US, Sajid Masih said he was proud
to be the first Christian and someone from the minority community living in Fata
to have won this scholarship. "This is a great opportunity for me to promote a
soft image of the tribal people of Pakistan during my stay in the US," he added.



LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: US. Department of Education Awards More Than $325,000 to Help School
District on Pine Ridge Reservation Recover From Multiple Student Suicides

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Safe and Healthy Students awarded
Little Wound School on the Pine Ridge Reservation in southwestern South Dakota a
Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV) grant totaling more than
$325,000. The grant will be used to assist the Little Wound School with ongoing
recovery efforts following 12 suicide deaths on the Pine Ridge reservation,
including the deaths of current and former Little Wound School students, and
relatives and friends of the students. In addition, there have been more than
100 suicide attempts on the reservation during the 2014-15 school year. This is
the third Project SERV grant awarded to a school district on the Pine Ridge
Reservation. The first grant was awarded in June 2010, and in June 2015, the
Department awarded a grant to Pine Ridge School following a significant increase
in student suicides.





 &ldquo;These incidents are troubling, and my heart goes out to the students,
families and community of Pine Ridge,&rdquo; U.S. Secretary of Education Arne
Duncan said. &ldquo;There are so many people involved in the work to help
children, families and the community heal after these tragedies, and this grant
will help this community receive the services it needs to move forward in
restoring the learning environment.&rdquo;



 Little Wound School is a Bureau of Indian Education funded, tribally-controlled
school, home to the Oglala Sioux Tribe, and serves approximately 800 students,
kindergarten through 12th grade. It is in the center of the Pine Ridge
Reservation, which is the second largest Indian reservation in the United
States. When the tragedies occurred, they impacted the entire Pine Ridge
Reservation as many students most likely knew the victims or were closely bound
by kinship.



 Little Wound has acknowledged that additional support is needed to meet the
needs of all students requiring care. To help address these needs, Little Wound
School requested a Project SERV Extended Services grant to help restore the
learning environment through the provision of additional support and case
management services for students. Specifically, the school will use the grant to
adopt programs designed to restore the learning environment and establish a
comprehensive suicide-awareness and responsiveness program. The program will
focus on addressing youth suicide with a culturally appropriate and
comprehensive approach. Funds also will be used to hire a counselor/social
worker who will track the number of students requiring hospitalization and
subsequent transitioning back into the school system after suicide attempts, and
two full-time teachers.



 There are two types of Project SERV awards--Immediate Services and Extended
Services. Immediate Services grants provide emergency, short-term assistance to
affected school districts or colleges and universities. Extended Services grants
assist school districts and colleges and universities in carrying out the
long-term recovery efforts that may be needed following a significant, traumatic
event. To date, the Office of Safe and Healthy Students has awarded more than
$42.1 million to 128 grantees, including Little Wound School, since the grants
program began in 2001.



 The Obama Administration is committed to finding solutions to the pressing
problems that confront Native youth, with an emphasis on education, economic
development, and health.



 The White House Initiative for Native American and Alaska Native Education and
the Bureau of Indian Education, brought together approximately 120 educators
with local, state, and federal leaders last month to attend Oglala Lakota
Living, Language and Learning: a Gathering of Pine Ridge Educators. The first of
four in a series, the gatherings will work to support a framework  for further
collaboration to address how schools can work together to support Pine Ridge
students by developing school based capacity for a crisis intervention and
suicide prevention and successful language and culture instruction.



 The Pine Ridge Reservation is one of 13 competitively selected Promise Zones,
where the federal government is partnering with and investing in communities to
accomplish the goals of creating jobs, leveraging private investment, increasing
economic activity, expanding educational opportunities, and reducing violent
crime. Each designated Promise Zone must identify a set of outcomes it will
pursue to revitalize its community, develop a strategy supporting those
outcomes, and realign resources accordingly. They receive priority access to
certain federal funding opportunities, a dedicated federal liaison to help
navigate federal programs, and the opportunity to engage five AmeriCorps VISTA
members to support their efforts, and Promise Zone tax credits, if enacted by
Congress.



 The U.S. Departments of Education and the Interior recently announced that
eight federally recognized tribes will collectively receive nearly $2.5 million
in grant awards to strengthen tribal education programs. The grants are funded
through the Department of Education's State-Tribal Education Partnership (STEP)
program, and the U.S. Department of the Interior's Bureau of Indian Education's
Tribal Education Department (TED) program.



 Earlier this year, the Department awarded more than $5.3 million in grants to
help Native American youth become college- and career-ready. Under the new
Native Youth Community Projects program, the Department made grants to a dozen
recipients in nine states that will impact more than 30 tribes and involve more
than 48 schools. These awards are a key element of President Obama's Generation
Indigenous &ldquo;Gen I&rdquo; Initiative to help Native American youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com



LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Availability of Funds and Funding Opportunity
Announcement for Disability Employment Initiative Cooperative Agreements

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Employment and Training Administration Notice of
Availability of Funds and Funding Opportunity Announcement for Disability
Employment Initiative Cooperative Agreements AGENCY: Employment and Training
Administration, Labor. ACTION: Notice of Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- Funding
Opportunity Number: FOA-ETA-16-07. SUMMARY: The Employment and Training
Administration (ETA), U.S. Department of Labor (DOL, or the Department, or we),
announces the availability of approximately $15.6 million in grant funds
authorized by Section 169, subsection (b), of the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act (WIOA). The purpose of this program is to provide funding to
expand the capacity of American Job Centers (AJCs), also known as One-Stop
Centers, to improve the employment outcomes of three population focus areas: (1)
Adults (ages 18 and older) with visible and non-visible disabilities, including
those who have acquired disabilities in adulthood; (2) youth (ages 14-24) with
visible and non-visible disabilities, including those who have chronic health
conditions; and (3) individuals (ages 14 and older) with significant
disabilities.

The DEI plans to accomplish this by increasing their participation in career
pathways systems and successful existing programs in the public workforce system
in partnership with vocational rehabilitation, community colleges and other
education, human service, and business partners. Capitalizing on the flexibility
that the career pathways model provides to use innovative service delivery
strategies, grantees will use their award to support job-driven approaches in
their pre- existing career pathway systems and programs. This will further equip
individuals with disabilities with the skills, competencies, and credentials
necessary to help them obtain in-demand jobs, increase earnings, and advance
their careers. The Department intends to award at least one cooperative
agreement in each of three population focus areas: (1) Adults (ages 18 and
older) with visible and non-visible disabilities, including those who have
acquired disabilities in adulthood; (2) youth (ages 14-24) with visible and
non-visible disabilities, including those who have chronic health conditions;
and (3) individuals (ages 14 and older) with significant disabilities. We expect
to fund approximately 8 cooperative agreements (as defined in 2 CFR 200.24) to
state workforce agencies, ranging from $1.5 million to $2.5 million each.
Applicants may also include entities receiving funds under WIOA Section 166
grants. An eligible applicant is a tribe, tribal consortium, or tribal
non-profit organization that receives funds under WIOA Section 166 Indian and
Native American Program. States that received DEI Round VI funds are not
eligible for funding under this FOA. The complete FOA and any subsequent FOA
amendments in connection with this funding opportunity are described in further
detail on ETA's Web site at https://www.doleta.gov/grants/find_grants.cfm or on
http://www.grants.gov. The Web sites provide application information,
eligibility requirements, review and selection procedures, and other program
requirements governing this funding opportunity. DATES: The closing date for
receipt of applications under this announcement is August 1, 2016. Applications
must be received no later than 4:00:00 p.m. Eastern Time. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Erika Beasley, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-4716,
Washington, DC 20210; Telephone: 202-693-3906. Jimmie Curtis is the Grant
Officer for the Funding Opportunity Announcement. Signed June 29, 2016, in
Washington, DC. Donna Kelly, Grant Officer, Employment and Training
Administration. [FR Doc. 2016-15830 Filed 7-1-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
4510-FN-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

BRIEF: Grant awarded for solar energy at Leech Lake

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 219 words


May 23--PINE RIVER -- Rural Renewable Energy Alliance, a Backus-based nonprofit,
has been awarded a grant to fund a 200kW shared solar array in the Leech Lake
Band of Ojibwe community. Shared solar arrays, or community solar gardens, are
centrally located solar electric systems that provide energy to participating
subscribers off-site. The electricity generated from this community solar garden
will be designated to recipients of Minnesota's Low-Income Home Energy
Assistance Program.

Funding was provided by the Minnesota Environment and Natural Resources Trust
Fund as recommended by the Legislative-Citizen Commission on Minnesota
Resources. This will be the first community solar installation on tribal lands
in the country, a release said.

The system is scheduled to be commissioned later this year in collaboration with
Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe Energy Assistance Program, Leech Lake Financial
Services, Leech Lake Housing Agency, Leech Lake Tribal College, Cass County
Economic Development Office, Region 5 Development Commission and with support
from the McKnight Foundation, Headwaters Foundation for Justice, LCCMR and the
Initiative Foundation.

___ (c)2016 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160523-JI-BRF-Grant
-awarded-for-solar-energy-at-Leech-Lake-0523-20160523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2016 Bemidji Pioneer


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

At Fort Peck, Tester announces Native language preservation bill

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jon Tester, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

At the Fort Peck Language and Culture Program in Poplar, Senator Jon Tester
announced that he has introduced a bill to help preserve endangered native
languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native languages connect students with their culture, history and heritage,"
Tester said. "This bill increases access to critical funding for language
immersion programs and ensures the survival of Native languages before it is too
late."

Senator Tester toured the Fort Peck Language and Culture Center to meet with
staff, students, and Fort Peck Councilmembers. He was also joined by Program
Director Ramey Growing Thunder.

"My lifetime dream is coming closer to reality: to design, develop, operate and
secure funding for a tribal immersion school while implementing a strong
language and culture educational platform," said Growing Thunder. "I am
confident by creating grounded language and culture opportunities for my youth
learners; children will benefit from an instilled sense of identity and pride in
education and will continue the circle of educational growth for generations to
come. The children will carry our future as we mold them from the start."

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill offers a streamlined
application and reporting process compared to existing Native language grant
programs authorized through other agencies.

The bill seeks to limit overhead costs and reduce the resource demands on tribal
and school administrators seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to tribes, tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

At Fort Peck, Tester announces Native language preservation bill

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jon Tester, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

At the Fort Peck Language and Culture Program in Poplar, Senator Jon Tester
announced that he has introduced a bill to help preserve endangered native
languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native languages connect students with their culture, history and heritage,"
Tester said. "This bill increases access to critical funding for language
immersion programs and ensures the survival of Native languages before it is too
late."

Senator Tester toured the Fort Peck Language and Culture Center to meet with
staff, students, and Fort Peck Councilmembers. He was also joined by Program
Director Ramey Growing Thunder.

"My lifetime dream is coming closer to reality: to design, develop, operate and
secure funding for a tribal immersion school while implementing a strong
language and culture educational platform," said Growing Thunder. "I am
confident by creating grounded language and culture opportunities for my youth
learners; children will benefit from an instilled sense of identity and pride in
education and will continue the circle of educational growth for generations to
come. The children will carry our future as we mold them from the start."

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill offers a streamlined
application and reporting process compared to existing Native language grant
programs authorized through other agencies.

The bill seeks to limit overhead costs and reduce the resource demands on tribal
and school administrators seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to tribes, tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

At Fort Peck, Tester announces Native language preservation bill

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jon Tester, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

At the Fort Peck Language and Culture Program in Poplar, Senator Jon Tester
announced that he has introduced a bill to help preserve endangered native
languages.

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act creates a new grant
initiative to establish or expand native language immersion programs. The grants
will support the revitalization and maintenance of tribal languages while
increasing educational opportunities for Native American students.

"Native languages connect students with their culture, history and heritage,"
Tester said. "This bill increases access to critical funding for language
immersion programs and ensures the survival of Native languages before it is too
late."

Senator Tester toured the Fort Peck Language and Culture Center to meet with
staff, students, and Fort Peck Councilmembers. He was also joined by Program
Director Ramey Growing Thunder.

"My lifetime dream is coming closer to reality: to design, develop, operate and
secure funding for a tribal immersion school while implementing a strong
language and culture educational platform," said Growing Thunder. "I am
confident by creating grounded language and culture opportunities for my youth
learners; children will benefit from an instilled sense of identity and pride in
education and will continue the circle of educational growth for generations to
come. The children will carry our future as we mold them from the start."

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education. The bill offers a streamlined
application and reporting process compared to existing Native language grant
programs authorized through other agencies.

The bill seeks to limit overhead costs and reduce the resource demands on tribal
and school administrators seeking language immersion funding.

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years. The grants can be awarded to tribes, tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

All of the approximately 148 remaining Native languages that are still spoken in
the United States are at the risk of extinction within 50-100 years unless
preservation actions are taken.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Reducing Health Disparities Among Minority and Underserved Children (R21)

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    PA-17-117



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Reducing Health Disparities Among Minority and Underserved Children (R21)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.361 -- Nursing Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Jan 09, 2017



         Last Updated Date:

         Jan 09, 2017



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         May 07, 2020



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         May 07, 2020



         Archive Date:

         Jun 07, 2020



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:

         $200,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Special district governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      State governments

      Private institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      County governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Independent school districts

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      City or township governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This initiative encourages research that targets the reduction of health
disparities among children. Investing in early childhood development is
essential. Specific targeted areas of research include bio-behavioral studies
that incorporate multiple factors that influence child health disparities such
as biological (e.g., genetics, cellular, organ systems), lifestyle factors,
environmental (e.g., physical and family environments) social (e.g., peers),
economic, institutional, and cultural and family influences; studies that target
the specific health promotion needs of children with a known health condition
and/or disability; and studies that test, evaluate, translate, and disseminate
health promotion prevention and interventions conducted in traditional and non
-traditional settings






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: First Pakistani Christian from Fata awarded US scholarship

LENGTH: 165 words

DATELINE: LANDIKOTAL


LANDIKOTAL, Aug. 6 -- Sajid Masih hailing from Khyber Agency has become the
first Christian from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) to be
awarded a scholarship to study abroad.

The Northern Virginia Community College in the United States awarded scholarship
to young Sajid Masih. He had applied to the Community College Initiative
Programme (CCIP) under the US exchange programme. Around 882 applicants from all
over Pakistan had applied for the scholarship.

Talking to media before his departure for the US, Sajid Masih said he was proud
to be the first Christian and someone from the minority community living in Fata
to have won this scholarship. "This is a great opportunity for me to promote a
soft image of the tribal people of Pakistan during my stay in the US," he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

BRINGING FATA INTO MAINSTREAM

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 151

LENGTH: 301  words


PUNJAB Educational Endowment Fund has launched yet another appreciable
initiative for intelligent students of tribal areas seeking higher education in
different disciplines. Under this Rs 7.2 b scheme, one hundred and fifty
thousand scholarships would be awarded to Master level students- a step that
would go a long way in bringing people of tribal areas to the mainstream and
help address their sense of deprivation.

Though it is responsibility of the centre to look into the needs and
requirements of FATA, yet it is a welcome initiative on the part of Shahbaz
Sharif government who equally feels for the downtrodden people of other
provinces. We continue to see his generosity whenever any calamity or disaster
hit any other province as such gestures help promote greater national cohesion
and unity which indeed are prerequisites to take the country forward. While
restricting here on the issues faced by FATA, it has now become imperative to
introduce genuine reforms in the area to bring it at par with other developed
areas of the country. In fact the area served as a den for crimes in the past
because of the apathy shown by our successive governments, which did not make
any genuine efforts to build health, education and other necessary
infrastructure in the area. All this only created resentment and sense of
deprivation amongst the local people who are loyal and patriotic Pakistanis. The
tribal youth are very hard working and intelligent and they have proven their
worth time and again on different occasions. We would urge federal government to
do away with the special status of FATA and launch mega development and
rehabilitation schemes for tribal people to exploit their true potential as this
would not only remove their grievances but also help bring them into the
national mainstream.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2016 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                      2016

                           American Indian Law Review

                           40 Am. Indian L. Rev. 249

LENGTH: 20891 words

COMMENT: THE PROMISE ZONE INITIATIVE AND NATIVE AMERICAN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT:
ONLY THE FIRST STEP FORWARD TOWARD THE PROMISE OF A BRIGHTER FUTURE

NAME: James Hall *

BIO:



   * J.D./M.P.A., University of Oklahoma; B.S., Oklahoma State University, 2010.

 TEXT:
 [*249]  Introduction

   The Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma is nestled in the southeastern corner of the
state, spanning across over 10,000 square miles of rolling green hills in the
picturesque Ouachita Mountain Range. Despite its natural beauty, the region's
stagnant economy is indicative of the plight of many Native American communities
throughout the country.  n1 The Choctaw Nation includes some of Oklahoma's
poorest counties.  n2 For instance, the U.S.  [*250]  Census identified
Pushmataha County in the Choctaw Nation as the poorest county in the state where
"[a]lmost 40 percent of children . . . live in poverty . . . [and] the average
household income is only $ 32,350, compared with the state average of $ 45,720
and the national average of $ 52,250."  n3 Due to a public health crisis, the
region includes the state's highest rates of heart disease and obesity and many
residents have failed to receive screening for potentially treatable and
preventable diseases. Despite these daunting challenges, the Choctaw Nation
leadership remains diligent in its efforts to reinvigorate the Choctaw economy
and optimistic about its future, thanks in part to a new partnership with the
federal government.  n4

   During the summer of 2015, President Obama made a historic trip to the
Choctaw Nation's capital in Durant, Oklahoma.  n5 The theme of his trip was hope
for better days and a promise from the federal government to help the Choctaw
people achieve their dreams of a more prosperous future. His trip, however, had
a deeper sense of symbolism attached to it. President Obama's dual message was
one of healing the trust between the Choctaw Nation and federal government,  n6
as well as an update on a stimulus plan to revitalize the Choctaw economy.  n7

    [*251]  The United States is still in the midst of recovering from the Great
Recession. That recession hit Indian Country especially hard, and the recovery
for tribes has been slower than the rest of the country.  n8 Beginning in 2014,
the Obama administration, in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Agriculture as lead agencies,
launched a place-based recovery and response effort to stimulate the economies
of certain highly distressed areas across the country. The plan announced in the
2014 State of the Union is called the Promise Zone initiative and it
specifically includes certain Native American tribes.  n9

   Promise Zones are place-based economic development initiatives designed to
partner federal and local officials in the pursuit of goals set by local
communities. The initiatives operate in high-poverty areas to foster job
creation and generate more opportunities at advancement.  n10 President Obama's
trip to the Choctaw Nation was symbolic for tribes across the country because of
the fact that two of the highly competitive Promise Zone designations include
tribal lands--the Choctaw Nation was included in his first round of five Promise
Zones,  n11 while the Pine Ridge Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe in South
Dakota was included in the second round of eight. In total, twenty Promise Zones
were designated across the country with the announcement of two final tribes
during the spring of 2016--the Spokane Tribe of Indians, Washington and the
Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians in Rolette County, North Dakota.  n12

   While only four tribes will benefit from the initiative, the inclusion of
Native Americans in the highly selective group suggests a sincere effort on
behalf of the federal government to address economic conditions in Indian
Country.  n13 Despite the ambitious goals of Promise Zones, however, the unique
history between the federal government and Native Americans requires further
analysis to ensure the plan will work in Indian Country.  n14 The idiosyncrasies
of federal Indian policy often make economic  [*252]  development in tribal
communities especially challenging.  n15 Fortunately, a dichotomy exists between
strategies for tribal economic development that includes examples of an approach
that works and one that does not.  n16 By applying these approaches to the
Promise Zone initiative, a likelihood of the program's success can be
ascertained. Likewise, with a better understanding of the Promise Zone
initiative, other tribes can learn from the experiences of the Choctaw Nation
and Pine Ridge Reservation in crafting their own economic development programs
and attempt to take advantage of a new willingness on behalf of the federal
government to address tribal economies in a way that promotes tribal sovereignty
and self-determination.  n17

   Part I of this comment will identify the legislative history of tribal and
federal government relations that provided the foundation for delegating
self-determination policies to tribes. The importance of the foundation for
self-determination principles in tribal economic development will be explored by
examining an approach that often works, nation-building, and one that usually
does not work, the standard approach. In Part II, prior place-based initiatives
that provided the inspiration for Promise Zones will be highlighted and the
uncertain legal authority of the current initiative will be explained. Part III
will analyze how well certain aspects of the Promise Zone initiative meet the
nation-building approach. Part IV will explore areas where the Promise Zone
initiative falls short of nation-building and can be improved by adopting
aspects that embrace self-determination.

   Ultimately, while the Promise Zone initiative is a step in the right
direction, its questionable legal authority and its failure to truly embrace all
aspects of delegating self-determination authority to tribes prevents it from
providing a model example for tribes to pursue. Fortunately, the plan itself can
be improved through several legislative proposals. The momentum garnered by the
Promise Zone initiative should be bolstered by implementing future programs that
take working aspects of Promise Zones, and pair them with other initiatives that
will make a deep and lasting impact on the economy in Indian Country.

 [*253]  I. Native American Legislative History and a Framework for Evaluating
Tribal Economic Development

A. Legislative History of Economic Development in Indian Country

   A truly in-depth discussion of the legal history of Native American policy is
beyond the scope of this comment.  n18 Nevertheless, several key areas of Native
American federal legislative history are quite relevant to economic development.
The historical path of federal Indian policy has created numerous factors that
hinder growth in modern Indian Country.  n19 To justify its policy toward Indian
affairs, the federal government has held a trust relationship with Native
Americans,  n20 which is characterized by a duty to protect tribal peoples'
interest and welfare.  n21 The trust relationship notwithstanding, the best
interests of Native Americans are not always at the forefront of U.S.
policymaking because the federal government's trust relationship policies are
often "determined primarily by non-Indians, with only minimal input from Indians
and tribal nations themselves."  n22

   The ebb and flow of federal Indian policy creates an ever-evolving timeline
in which different "periods" and "eras" are depicted by the federal  [*254]
government's general policy objective of the time in regards to Indian affairs.
n23 At one time the federal government sought to isolate Native Americans to
"far-removed territories and reservations" so tribes could evolve over time to
join Anglo-American society.  n24 Later the federal government focused on a
policy of assimilation by "the breaking down of tribal communities and their
collective landholdings to force tribal members to live like their more
individualistic non-Indian neighbors."  n25 The negative impacts of these
misguided policies still affect the socio-economic status of Native Americans to
this day.  n26 The different periods on the timeline of federal Indian policy
reveal how quickly objectives can change and how tribes may lose rights they
once enjoyed. Native American legislative history depicts a bleak picture,
especially for tribes like the Choctaw Nation that endured the infamous "Trail
of Tears" in order to reach its current location in Oklahoma.

    [*255]  The Indian Reorganization Act Period and the Self-Determination Era
have the most relevance to current federal Indian policy and tribal economic
development.  n27 The Indian Reorganization Act Period marked a turn in U.S.
history where the federal government actually recognized legitimate sovereign
authority for tribes instead of an attempt to extinguish title or assimilate
Indians and weaken sovereignty.  n28 In 1934, Congress passed the Indian
Reorganization Act (IRA),  n29 "which provided a process for tribes to adopt
constitutions, form economic development corporations, and borrow money from the
Bureau of Indian Affairs."  n30 This new policy set a goal of tribal
self-sufficiency, in which tribes had freedom to set their own policies, within
certain limits, with the assistance of the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA).  n31
The most positive aspect of the IRA is that it provided a "foundation that
native nations can use today to develop their economies."  n32 But the IRA is
not without its criticisms, one being that the real core of the act was the
organization of tribal governance structures into forms that fit the parameters
of the IRA--including approval by the Secretary of the Interior--instead of
allowing tribes to keep their traditional tribal forms of governance.  n33 This
downside of the IRA was a tradeoff between tribal traditions for governance
structures and arrangements that largely mirrored American governance
formations.  n34 Even though the IRA Period was mainly a positive development
and included advancements of  [*256]  tribal autonomy, it did not achieve
maximum sovereignty for Indian nations.

   The progress of federal Indian policy created by the IRA Period was briefly
interrupted by another setback during the Termination Era in which some tribes
experienced a "complete economic collapse."  n35 The Termination Period
eventually ended in the 1960s with a transition to the present
Self-Determination Era. The Self-Determination Era did not occur easily, but was
instead the result of considerable struggle by Native American leaders seeking
to increase their autonomy.  n36 Activist groups, such as the American Indian
Movement (AIM), led a grassroots movement that focused on changing federal
policy toward more tribal sovereignty and a revolt against excessive control by
the BIA over tribal affairs.  n37 Activism by AIM and other similar groups often
included controversial and at times militant aspects.  n38 Nevertheless, the
movement was successful at raising the awareness needed for Indian sovereignty,
which ushered in the new Self- Determination Era.  n39 This Era is characterized
by a federal policy of granting self-determination to tribes in their own
political and economic matters, which continues to primarily influence the
current federal policy toward Native American affairs.  n40

   In the early 1970s, President Nixon "reinvigorated" the principles of the IRA
"by advocating that tribes should strive to attain economic and political
self-sufficiency."  n41 A significant development occurred later in the decade
with the passage of the Indian Self Determination and Education Assistance Act
n42 of 1975 (ISDEAA). The ISDEAA remains one of the most significant legislative
achievements of the Self-Determination Era.  n43 The  [*257]  act "transferred
significant amounts of control and funding from the BIA and other federal
agencies to tribes as 'subcontractors' to open and manage their own service
agencies and providers."  n44 It also allowed for "complete control over all
federal funds and services" in some instances.  n45 Given the drastic change in
policy from the historical perspective, the implementation of the ISDEAA has
encountered problems due in large part to the direct contradiction between its
goals of increasing sovereignty and those of the past that mainly stifled
sovereignty.  n46 Nevertheless, the ISDEAA and the Self-Determination Era have
"moved federal policy in the direction of greater autonomy for Indian nations,
and handed tribes some significant resources to use for redevelopment."  n47 The
ISDEAA gave self-determination policy legislative authority and remains the
primary basis for the Self-Determination Era to this day.

   Despite the ISDEAA's progress, some critics argued that the
self-determination policy in the act did not go far enough in allocating true
autonomy to tribes in governing their own affairs. These critics viewed the
ISDEAA as the federal government simply "agreeing to legal compliance with the
self-determination policy by granting Indian participation in Anglo activities,"
instead of actually allowing tribes to formulate and undertake their own
policies.  n48 In essence, the ISDEAA only authorized tribes to take part in
preexisting federal programs, instead of allowing tribes to actually create
their own initiatives designed to address specific local matters.

   These concerns with self-determination in the act led to a reform effort in
1988 that amended the ISDEAA  n49 and authorized the Tribal Self-Governance
Demonstration Project.  n50 The Demonstration Project allowed for a small number
of qualifying tribes to enter into compacts with the federal government and
receive large block funds from their existing BIA funding.  n51 Previously, such
funds were filtered through the BIA, which  [*258]  allowed the Bureau to have
more involvement in ordinary tribal affairs.  n52 Instead, the Demonstration
Projects allowed tribes that exhibited "sound fiscal management and a history of
successful administration" of funds to manage themselves with much less
involvement from the BIA and other federal agencies.  n53 The result was "more
money with fewer bureaucratic restrictions in the hands of tribal governments"
and a federal-tribal relationship based on mutual consent.  n54 The Tribal
Self-Government Act  n55 of 1994 (TSGA) made the self-governance policy of the
Demonstration Project permanent and allows for additional tribes to take part in
such compacts with other government agencies outside of the BIA.  n56 The
Demonstration Project and TGSA reforms are not available to all tribes, but the
efforts still represent a profound advancement of self-determination polices
under the ISDEAA.

   Even though the ISDEAA moved federal policy toward more autonomy for tribes,
n57 the Self-Determination Era can quickly change and Native American tribes may
once again see a decrease in their sovereignty. Examining the historical
timeline of federal Indian policy reveals a fluctuation in which nothing is
certain. Tribal leaders must maintain painstaking adherence to maximizing tribal
sovereignty. Programs designed to bolster economic development for tribes must
adhere to the strictest aspects of sovereignty, so as to not take a step back
into one of the prior periods of Native American history with the federal
government. Current tribal leaders working with the federal government at
implementing programs such as the Promise Zone initiative should not be
satisfied by the status quo of top-down, federally developed programs. Instead,
they should follow the example set by the legislative reformers who created the
Demonstration Project. These reformers were not satisfied by the status quo and
instead chose to improve the ISDEAA by increasing sovereignty through the grant
of block funding, which increased the overall level of tribal autonomy under the
ISDEAA.

 [*259]  B. A Dichotomy of Native American Economic Development Approaches to
Study Promise Zones

   The study of Native American economic development is a relatively new field
that began around the same time as the Self-Determination Era in the 1960s.  n58
Since 1987, the Harvard Project on American Indian Economic Development has
studied various Native economic development initiatives across the United States
and Canada in order to find which approaches are most effective.  n59 The
Harvard Project attempts to identify best practices that other tribes can follow
in their own pursuit of sustained and self-determined development.  n60 Through
their extensive research, Harvard Project scholars have developed a means to
study economic development in Indian Country by placing programs on a spectrum
between what they call the standard approach and the nation-building approach.
n61 Programs usually have a mix of both approaches and fall somewhere between
the two on their spectrum.  n62 The Harvard Project has observed that Native
economic development programs that follow practices consistent with the standard
approach are typically less successful than initiatives that adopt best
practices  n63 exemplified in the nation-building approach.  n64 The Harvard
[*260]  Project spectrum provides the best opportunity to analyze the Promise
Zone initiative. If Promise Zones come closer to nation-building, then the
initiative's chances of success in Indian Country are greatly enhanced.
Additionally, tribal leaders and policymakers should consider revisions of
aspects in Promise Zones that are more aligned with the standard approach.

   The standard approach, with its tendency toward failed economic development
programs, often includes approaches that do not maximize self-determination for
Native nations. In the standard approach, tribes often display a tendency to
prefer "short term and nonstrategic" solutions to problems instead of addressing
long-term concerns and answering the fundamental questions of what type of
society and culture they want to build.  n65 While short-term concerns are
important for tribal leaders, an overemphasis on addressing economic indicators
in a nonstrategic manner at the expense of long-term issues, such as advancing
education or lessening violence toward women, can perpetuate a stagnate economy
and regressive society.

   Additionally, many tribes are heavily dependent on federal funds to provide
needed resources to their people. Unfortunately, "[m]ost federal dollars are
program specific" and "are developed in federal offices or Congress, often with
little" input from Native American stakeholders.  n66 Tribes are forced to use
the funds they receive to implement federal government programs instead of
developing their own programs. Few federal funds come to tribes "via block
grants, a mechanism that would place more decision-making power in Indian
hands."  n67 The lack of discretion over how funds are used and a focus on
short-term, nonstrategic issues creates a wasteful incentive in which tribes
pursue any federal funding opportunity regardless of the fit it has with their
"long-term tribal  [*261]  needs."  n68 The emphasis on the short-term also
prevents tribes from pursuing efforts to strengthen their tribal governments and
institutions and often leads to failed tribal businesses and enterprises.  n69

   The nation-building approach, and more successful economic outcomes, is on
the other end of the Harvard Project spectrum. In contrast to the standard
approach, the emphasis on self-determination is the most indicative
characteristic of the nation-building approach.  n70 Through self-determination,
tribes are able to reflect more of their own "interests, perceptions, and
concerns" in polices they create themselves, instead of implementing the
interests of non-Indians through program specific policies created by the
federal government.  n71 Self-determination and self-governance also promote
accountability by "marr[ying] decisions and their consequences, leading to
better decisions."  n72 More accountability and greater self-determination also
give tribes an incentive to reform their governing institutions and take a self-
initiative approach to solving problems of tribal members.  n73 Nation-building
also places more of an emphasis on long-term, strategic issues by addressing
underlying issues that impact tribal society.  n74 For instance, early learning,
which can one day create a more educated workforce with higher employment rates
and wages, receives more of an emphasis. Investment in infrastructure, another
common nation-building characteristic, is emphasized because it attracts outside
businesses to tribal lands. Additionally, public health and attitudes towards
violence and crime receive more attention in order to build a healthier and
safer society.

   Tribes play an important role in implementing the nation-building approach by
proving that they have the governmental and institutional capacities to address
problems they face in their economies. The role of non-Indigenous governments is
paramount to an effective implementation of nation-building. According to the
Harvard Project, for nation-building to work, non-Indigenous governments must
transition from a "decision-making role" to an advisory and "resource role."
n75 The Harvard Project has identified several traits that non-Indigenous
governments can follow to  [*262]  achieve the transition that facilitates
nation-building. If the Promise Zone initiative truly embraces
self-determination and follows the best practices of nation-building it must
include the following:


     . A programmatic focus on institutional capacity-building, assisting
     Native nations with the development of governmental infrastructure
     that is organized for self-rule, respects indigenous political
     culture, and is capable of governing well.

     . A shift from program funding to block grants, thereby putting
     decisions about priorities in Indian hands.

     . The development of program evaluation criteria that reflect the
     needs and concerns not only of funders but of Native nations as well.

     . A shift from consultation to partnerships in which Native nations
     and outside governments make joint decisions where the interests of
     both are involved.  n76

II. The Promise Zone Initiative

A. Promise Zones: The Latest in a Long Line of Promises for Prosperity

   The Promise Zone initiative is the latest example of place-based economic
development initiatives advanced by the federal government. The late Jack Kemp,
former Republican Congressman and Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, is
largely credited as the forefather of place-based economic development in
America. His proposal for Enterprise Zones  n77 in the 1980s was the first large
scale endeavor to address poverty through this type of economic development
vehicle in the United States.  n78 While Kemp did not come up with the idea of
place-based economic development himself, he did champion the idea and was
zealous at bringing it into mainstream American politics.  n79

   Throughout its history, the basic concept of place-based economic development
has received bipartisan support. This is evidenced by the  [*263]  evolution
from Enterprise Zones in the 1980s to Empowerment Zones, Renewal Communities,
and Enterprise Communities  n80 managed by the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) under the
Clinton Administration in the 1990s. Most recently, Senator Rand Paul, former
2016 Republican presidential candidate, authored the Economic Freedom Zones Act
n81 of 2015 that would create Economic Freedom Zones designed to address many of
the same concerns as Promise Zones through a more market-based approach.  n82
Economic Freedom Zones would encompass many more tax incentives than Promise
Zones.  n83 The plan places far less emphasis on prioritizing federal grants for
applicants, but would reduce the regulatory burden on designees.  n84 The bill's
cosponsor, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, has also expressed support
for Promise Zones and attended the White House event, along with Senator Paul,
designating the first round of Promise Zones. While the chances of the bill
making it out of the Finance Committee are uncertain, if it should become law,
Economic Freedom Zones would provide yet another option that tribes could pursue
to bolster economic development. This is because decreased regulations and lower
federal taxes for tribes is consistent with an increase in sovereignty and
self-determination.

   The White House does not hide its optimism for Promise Zones when it
describes the program, and on its face the description of the initiative appears
to embrace many nation-building principles. President Obama's Promise Zone
initiative is an ambitious agenda with a ten-year term designed to promote
economic development in some of the nation's most economically distressed areas.
n85 The crux of the program is the federal  [*264]  government partnering with
local leaders in distressed areas identified as "Promise Zones" to assist them
with the bureaucratic process of attaining funding through various sources--such
as federal grants and New Market Tax Credits--so that local communities can
reach the goals they created themselves in the application process for
designation.  n86

   At least at the outset, the Promise Zone initiative appears to be aligned
with several of the factors identified as important to nation-building in
non-Indigenous government and Native partnerships.  n87 Each designee develops
its own plan on how it "will partner with local business and community leaders
to make investments that reward hard work and expand opportunity."  n88 Instead
of the federal government dictating and micromanaging policy decisions, "[a]
federal liaison will be assigned in each designated community to help leaders
and partners navigate the federal resources they need to accelerate efforts to
revitalize their communities."  n89 One of the initiative's stated goals "is
developing and testing ways to align federal programs more efficiently to the
priorities set out by community leaders. The processes, strategies and
innovations achieved in these communities can be used to improve how the federal
agencies interact with communities across the country."  n90 Additionally,
Promise Zone designees "receive any available . . . preference for certain
competitive Federal programs and . . . technical assistance."  n91

    [*265]  Receiving preference and assistance could help tribes more
efficiently pursue funding options that actually meet their needs, while
allowing tribes more authority and autonomy in decision making. But questions
remain about whether this grant funding structure is the best available option
for tribes, and whether other tribes should pursue it in future programs beyond
the Promise Zone initiative.  n92

   Additionally, critics have voiced concerns that diminish some of the White
House's optimism regarding the initiative. Some critics believe President Obama
realized he would be unable to achieve many legislative victories with a
Republican majority in the House in 2014.  n93 The likelihood of comprehensive
legislation proposed by the White House decreased again when Republicans took
control of the Senate during the 2014-midterm elections. Thus, President Obama
apparently settled for ways to "boost his legacy without the House and Senate"
through executive orders and public-private partnerships.  n94 The Promise Zone
initiative is an example of the sort of public-private partnership President
Obama had to settle for, in which the President directs agencies under his
Executive Branch authority to carry out his agenda.  n95 The initiative still
has the ability to impact designees on a smaller scale, but its origin as a
tempered concession to the inability to achieve desired legislative action
limits the program's scope and efficacy.  n96

B. Questionable Legal Authority and an Uncertain Future

   Following President Obama's first round of Promise Zone designations in 2014,
Democrat Senator Bob Casey and Representative Gary Peters introduced bills to
the 113th Congress that would have enacted the Promise  [*266]  Zone Job
Creation Act  n97 of 2014 and provided legislative authority for the initiative.
Their bills largely mirrored the White House's plan and would have designated
the U.S. Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Agriculture as
the lead government agencies in charge of Promise Zones.  n98 These bills also
would have amended the federal tax code by enacting a Promise Zone employment
credit and creating a new designation for Promise Zone Property, which would
have been eligible for favorable tax expensing under I.R.C. §§ 168 and 179.  n99
Representative Peter's bill was referred to the House Ways and Means Committee,
and Senator Casey's bill was referred to the Senate Finance Committee, but
neither received any further action.

   In the absence of legislative authority, the Obama administration must rely
on the administrative process for implementing the priority status of Promise
Zone grant applicants. For instance, before any Promise Zones were even
designated, the U.S. Department of Education issued a Notice of Proposed
Priority (NPP) on October 25th, 2013. The NPP stated the Department of
Education's intent to use "priority, as appropriate, in any discretionary grant
competition" for applicants in Promise Zone areas.  n100 The NPP received ten
comments and Final Priority was announced on March 27, 2014 with no changes
made.  n101 The authority cited in the Final Priority was 20 U.S.C. § 1221e-3,
and § 3474, which delegate authority to the Secretary and wide discretion in
administering Department of Education authorized programs.

   The U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development is authorized to make
loans or grants and such authorization "shall be final and conclusive upon all
officers of the Government."  n102 Like the Secretary of Education, the
Secretary of HUD is also given wide discretion to disperse funds delegated to
the agency in its budget and provides a similar process for implementing
priority to the Promise Zone initiative.  n103 HUD is required to issue Notices
of Funding Availability (NOFA) each year for all competitive discretionary
awards granted by the agency, which include awards Promise  [*267]  Zone
designees seek.  n104 For example, HUD's FY 2015 NOFA for Discretionary Programs
describes the priority the agency gives to Promise Zone grant applicants.  n105
According to the NOFA, "up to 2 bonus points may be awarded for activities
supporting Preferred Sustainability Status Communities or Promise Zones."  n106
While current Obama administration officials, such as Cabinet level Secretaries
at the Departments of Education and HUD, have wide discretion to implement the
President's policies, relying on the administrative process does not provide
much certainty to Promise Zone designees because the next administration can
easily reverse the course and choose not to continue the initiative.

   In fact, in addition to its lack of legislative certainty, actual designation
as a Promise Zone is completely devoid of any actual, direct funding. True,
designees might receive preferential treatment and assistance in pursuing
funding through various government agencies, but this process still adds layers
of bureaucratic red tape.  n107 Additionally, since the initiative relies on the
administrative process and each agency goes through its own individual notice
and comment process, not all federal agencies are participating in the Promise
Zone preferential treatment and the agencies that do are not consistent in how
they apply preference.  n108 That is why the National Congress of American
Indians has proposed extending "the current Promise Zone priority consideration
to all Federal competitive grant programs in all Federal agencies and to all
Federal procurement opportunities."  n109 Receiving assistance and guidance from
a federally appointed liaison may help tribes navigate the funding maze in order
to find grants that better fit their individual goals. It also may alleviate
some of the wasted resources commonly found in the standard approach that are
used in pursuing any and  [*268]  every available source of federal funding.
n110 The program, however, is still heavily dependent on project categorical
grants from the federal government, instead of more open-ended discretion on the
use of funds by tribes.

C. Lessons Learned from the Past: Promise Zones Compared to Empowerment Zones

   Empowerment Zones largely provided the inspiration for shaping Promise Zones.
n111 In addition to receiving legislative authority, a key aspect of Empowerment
Zones that differentiates them from Promise Zones is the comprehensive structure
of tax incentives designed to enhance capital investment within the designated
boundaries.  n112 The Empowerment Zones apparatus includes several wage credits,
deductions, and investment incentives that have been repeatedly extended since
the inception of the program in 1993.  n113 For example, the program includes an
Empowerment Zone Employment Credit, which is an "annual tax credit up to $ 3,000
for employees who live and work in an EZ . . . equal to 20% of the first $
15,000 in employee salary."  n114 The Tax Relief Extension Act of 2015 would
extend Empowerment Zone tax credits until December 31, 2016.  n115 Despite the
White House's promises for tremendous potential and worthy causes, a vital piece
of the Promise Zone initiative--Promise Zone tax credits--has not been enacted
n116 and cannot be pushed through the  [*269]  administrative process the way
the Department of Education implemented priority status for grant applicants.
Addressing the need for inclusion of Promise Zone tax credits in the federal
budget, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan said,


     Without these tax benefits . . . Promise Zones will work . . . but . .
     . they won't work to full capacity . . . tax credits are a critical
     part in accelerating job creation in these communities. We can improve
     the housing, we can make sure the educational opportunities are there.
     But if there isn't a job available at the end of that path, it's going
     to be a heck of a lot harder for the kids to get ahead.  n117

   Until tax incentives are passed into law, the opportunities to obtain funding
will remain in flux from year to year due to reliance on obtaining funds through
the federal government grant system.  n118 This funding  [*270]  uncertainty is
a detriment to long-term planning strategies and prevents tribes from maximizing
nation-building.  n119

   The National Congress of American Indians is a strong supporter of Promise
Zone tax credits. The NCAI has passed resolutions calling for legislation and
inclusions to the federal budget for employee credits and more favorable
depreciation schedules for businesses that invest in Promise Zones. Their
proposals are similar to the bills proposed by Senator Casey and Representative
Peters. According to the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) Resolution
# ANC-14-035, an "employment credit would apply to the first $ 15,000 of
qualifying zone employee wages. The credit would be twenty percent for zone
residents who are employed within the zone and ten percent for zone residents
employed outside the zone."  n120 As for the depreciation schedule, NCAI's
proposal calls for an


     additional first-year depreciation of 100 percent of the adjusted
     basis of the property for qualified property. Qualified property for
     this purpose includes tangible property with a recovery period of 20
     years or less, water utility property, certain computer software, and
     qualified leasehold improvement property. Qualified property must be
     new property. The taxpayer must purchase (or begin manufacture or
     construction of) the property after the date of the zone designation
     and before the designation ends.  n121


NCAI's proposal also plans to address program evaluation by studying the effect
of these credits at meeting goals through a plan in which "data from these tax
incentives will be collected by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of Commerce to measure the Promise Zone's impact on job creation and economic
development in Indian Country."  n122

   Despite the differences between Promise Zones and Empowerment Zones, some
have criticized the new initiative because it too closely  [*271]  resembles the
former.  n123 Early rounds of Empowerment Zones "offered tax and regulatory
relief to businesses, but also mixed in block grants."  n124 But block grants
were discontinued in favor of more focus on tax credits.  n125 Extensive
research has been conducted on the impact of Empowerment Zones, resulting in
little conclusive evidence that they had any meaningful impact.  n126 Skeptics
fear Promise Zones may be more of the same failed policies. But the new
initiative attempts to reach deeper than simply moving money around, because
while "past interventions sought primarily to spur economic activity, Promise
Zones tries to tackle a larger spectrum of social and health needs."  n127 This
aspect of Promise Zones is consistent with the long-term, strategic focus on
improving the underlying issues affecting societies that have worked before in
Native American nation-building approaches.  n128

   A return to the use of block grant funding would certainly help as well. Some
Empowerment Zone studies have found "the inclusion of block grants along with
tax breaks" had positive impacts on employment and wages.  n129 While the
evidence from these studies may not be completely conclusive of place-based
economic development, they do provide some credence and policy justification for
a switch to greater use of block grants in addition to pursuing enactment of
Promise Zone tax credits.  n130 Yet, some who have specifically studied the
effect of tax incentives in Native American communities argue these incentives
may not be such a critical  [*272]  factor by themselves.  n131 If tax
incentives are not as effective in Indian Country, then the need for block
grants or some other direct funding source in future Native American economic
development programs is even greater.

   The Charles Trimble Company is one of the entities skeptical of tax incentive
effectiveness in Indian Country. Charles Trimble Company conducted "studies on
tax-and regulatory-relief incentives to attract capital and industry to Indian
reservations" in the 1980s.  n132 Part of their study included a survey of
corporate executives, asking them to prioritize several factors that influence
their decision to move part of their business to a particular area.  n133 Such
factors as "markets, infrastructure, transportation and municipal services (e.g.
security and waste management)" were ranked high, however tax incentives were
only considered to possibly "tip the scale if two equally attractive prospects
were in contention."  n134 According to the executives surveyed, "the
availability of a motivated and job-ready workforce" was the most important
factor influencing their decision.  n135

   Native nations must receive some type of direct funding in order to achieve
the type of infrastructure and workforce businesses desire. The Promise Zone
initiative includes attempts to address infrastructure, workforce, and the
quality of education through a broad base focus by funding these projects though
the federal grant funding process. Nevertheless, the enactment of Promise Zone
tax credits should still be pursued in Congress, as it would be a nice bonus for
prospective businesses, which could influence investment decisions in a close
call. Given the uncertainty regarding tax incentives, the primary funding
structure tribes should consider in future Promise Zone-styled economic
development programs should be a focus on forms that provide tribes more
authority and discretion, such as block grants, instead of merely preferential
points for predetermined grant programs offered by federal agencies in the form
of project categorical grants.  n136 The combination of tax credits and block
[*273]  grants worked for some Empowerment Zones and should be considered again
in regards to Promise Zones.  n137

III. Promise Zones in Indian Country

A. Promise Zone Aspects That Promote Nation-Building

   In order for nation-building approaches to work in Native communities,
non-Indigenous government partners must delegate authority to tribes so that
tribes can implement self-determination principles into economic development
programs. The Harvard Project teaches that nation-building is best achieved when
these partnerships focus on building tribal institutional capacities and include
tribal leaders in the decision making process.  n138 Additionally,
nation-building requires program evaluation that addresses tribal concerns and
informs tribal leaders about the effects of their decisions.  n139 Finally,
nation-building is best achieved thorough a shift in funding mechanisms to
structures like block grants that maximize tribal discretion and authority.
n140

   The Promise Zone initiative includes three aspects that come closer to the
nation-building end of the Harvard Project spectrum. First, tribes are given an
incentive to reform their own governmental and institutional structures through
a stringent application process that designates tribes who have demonstrated the
capacity to improve their economies. Second, Promise Zone administrators allow
tribal leaders to set their own goals. Although tribes are chosen based on
whether their goals match that of the Promise Zone initiative itself, tribes are
still given more authority than in the past. Once tribes are chosen, the program
is designed to provide resources to create results that benefit tribal members
based on needs identified by tribal leaders. Finally, even though the Promise
Zone initiative is in the early stages, an apparatus for evaluating the program
is underway. The program evaluation will address tribal concerns and help tribal
leaders better meet the needs of their members.

B. An Application Process That Incentivizes Tribes Embracing Nation- Building
Principles

   Even at the outset of applying for Promise Zone designation, the application
process itself is quite informative as to the initiative's inclusion  [*274]  of
nation-building approaches. Promise Zone applicants endure a stringent
application process in order to receive designation.  n141 Tribes who are
already making efforts to improve their economies stand the best chance at
achieving designation. Many of the factors the Promise Zone application
considers are focused on long-term, strategic issues common in nation-building
approaches. Additionally, the process requires a lead applicant that expresses
organizational and leadership abilities. While it is unlikely that the primary
intent of the federal government is to promote nation-building, such rigorous
application processes implicitly reward tribes who have already begun to adopt
nation-building approaches.

   The Choctaw Nation was designated as a Promise Zone in large part because of
its efforts to achieve sustainable economic growth prior to applying for
inclusion in the Promise Zone initiative. Luke Tate, a senior advisor at the
White House Domestic Policy Council, described the decision to choose the
Choctaw Nation by saying, "The federal government did not go out and arbitrarily
pick a bunch of Promise Zones across the country . . . the Choctaw Nation was
chosen as one of the first Promise Zones in the country is because of how
motivated its leaders . . . to make change."  n142

   The Choctaw Nation Promise Zone Director, Sara-Jane Smallwood, firmly
believes the Tribe would still be investing in its future and setting the
[*275]  same long-term, strategic goals even without Promise Zone designation,
n143 but designation is greatly facilitating the Tribe's efforts.  n144
Smallwood described the Choctaw Promise Zone designation by saying:


     What we're doing is so much bigger than the Promise Zone . . . . The
     Promise Zone is a recognition of what we're doing by the president and
     by every single federal department and agency. The Promise Zone was
     awarded to communities that have a unique formula of high poverty but
     high capacity. . . . I know we have a lot of things that are pretty
     bad, some bad statistics, but I can't even imagine where we would be
     if it weren't for the Choctaw Nation.  n145

   Because of its voluminous and highly competitive nature, the application
process might be intimidating for some tribes, but it provides an incentive to
unite for a cause and possibly reform inefficiencies within respective
governmental structures in order for tribes to be able to pursue competitive
programs such as the Promise Zone initiative. It also ensures that tribes who
are in dire need of economic stimulus will be considered, thus addressing the
meager economic conditions in Indian Country. The process also forces applicants
to address broad-based, long-term goals such as improving education and reducing
crime. Most importantly, the rigorous application process guarantees that tribes
who are willing and able to seriously address the problems faced by their people
are considered before those who are not.  n146 Thus, it weeds out tribal leaders
who have not adopted best practices or nation-building approaches.

   Another beneficial element of the Promise Zone application process that
facilitates self-determination is that applicants are divided into urban, rural,
and tribal categories.  n147 Thus, tribes will be scored and compared against
other tribes instead of urban and rural areas.  n148 Given the stark differences
between tribal and non-tribal applicants, this aspect of the Promise Zone
application promotes fairness and recognizes that tribes may have different
goals and cultural aspects that differentiate them from non-tribal applicants.
Allowing tribes a carve out for inclusion in the larger Promise Zone initiative
promotes sovereignty and self-determination because tribes are  [*276]  more
free to pursue economic development projects that might be unique to tribal
needs. Guaranteeing proven tribes a place in the Promise Zone initiative goes a
long way in achieving equity and can provide an example for future programs.
Nonetheless, while the application process promotes tribes who have already
begun to address long-term goals consistent with nation-building, it remains to
be seen whether Promise Zones will continue to promote high levels of
self-determination in all aspects of the initiative.

C. The Choctaw Nation and Pine Ridge Reservation Promise Zones

   The Promise Zone initiative comes close to nation-building in that it allows
designees the discretion to set their own priorities. The Choctaw Nation and
Pine Ridge Reservation chose their own objectives based on their peoples' needs.
Additionally, since their Promise Zone designation, both tribes have received
funds from the federal government toward achieving their stated objectives.
Nevertheless, while the initiative comes closer to nation-building, it does not
achieve true nation-building or self-determination principles. Tribes are chosen
based on whether their objectives match that of the overall Promise Zone
initiative. Additionally, the source of funds comes predominantly in the form of
program specific grants instead of more open-ended funding mechanisms like block
grants.

   The Choctaw Nation itself was designated as the lead organization for its
Promise Zone while the lead organization in the Pine Ridge Reservation Promise
Zones is a non-profit organization called the Thunder Valley Community
Development Corporation. Both tribes have developed several ambitious goals that
cover a wide array of policy areas and are aligned with the nation-building
approach.  n149 If the tribes succeed in meeting their objectives, they will
make a significant impact on their respective economies, thus improving the
quality of life for tribal members. The Choctaw Nation's primary areas of focus
are improving the quality of education, infrastructure, diversifying its
economy, and increasing access to public health in the Nation.  n150 In
contrast, the Pine Ridge Reservation Promise Zone hopes to improve public safety
and access to financial assistance in addition to education and infrastructure.
n151

    [*277]  The Choctaw Nation's focus begins with education. The Nation hopes
to improve educational outcomes by raising literacy rates and parent involvement
throughout the eighty-five school districts in the region.  n152 The Nation also
hopes to bolster higher education opportunities by "[l]everaging its role as the
largest employer in southeastern Oklahoma to create a strong base for economic
revitalization by working with" colleges and universities in the region.  n153
Education goals outside of the formal classroom setting include "workforce
training for skilled trades and professionals and more rigorous summer and
after-school programs."  n154 The Choctaw Nation has also placed great emphasis
on overcoming infrastructure challenges that "have been identified as
impediments to investment in an area with otherwise strong growth potential."
n155 The Promise Zone initiative for the Choctaws will focus on "[i]nvesting in
infrastructure that lays the foundation for economic growth, including water and
sewer infrastructure."  n156

   Diversifying its economy is another primary goal for the Choctaw Nation.
Including a focus on diversification while maintaining a sense of traditional
culture will hopefully create synergies that promote long-term growth by
including more members of the Tribe in commerce while preserving and passing
important traditions on to the next generation. The Nation is "[p]ursuing
economic diversification by utilizing natural, historic, and cultural resources
to support growth."  n157 Agriculture is a large component of the
diversification efforts. The Tribe plans to facilitate local farmers' markets
"as well as implementation of technology-enhanced 'traditional' farming and
ranching, and large-scale greenhouses."  n158 The Nation also has plans to
bolster gender equality through "specialized training in business plan
development, marketing, and financing to support the development of women-owned
businesses in the Promise Zone."  n159

   The Pine Ridge Reservations is undergoing a similar process with its Promise
Zone. When the Pine Ridge Reservation received its Promise Zone designation, the
area was suffering from a "22 percent unemployment and a  [*278]  49 percent
poverty rate."  n160 In describing Pine Ridge Reservation's need for Promise
Zone designation, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack said, "There is
probably no other place in America that needs the focus, the coordinated effort,
the additional points and the personnel more than the Pine Ridge area."  n161
Like the Choctaw Nation, the Pine Ridge Reservation is also focused on improving
"educational opportunities from primary school through post-secondary school by
offering native language (Lakota) immersion and charter school options, and
partnering with tribal colleges."  n162 The Pine Ridge Reservation is addressing
public safety by "addressing substance abuse issues and strengthening various
components of the justice system."  n163 Public infrastructure is addressed
through "improving the capacity to operate, maintain and replace current water,
sewer and other service infrastructure and facilitate future development."  n164

   The Pine Ridge Reservation is also attempting to improve the financial
outlook for its people by increasing "the capital base through financial
partnerships, expansion of banking options and access to credit . . . [and]
access to affordable, energy-efficient housing."  n165 Like the Choctaw Nation,
the Pine Ridge Reservation is taking advantage of many of the positive aspects
of nation-building and a long-term strategic focus on the future.

   Since designation, the Choctaw Nation has made strides toward some of its
Promise Zone objectives, especially those related to education. The Promise Zone
initiative is intended to give designees preference in receiving federal grants,
which the Choctaw Nation appears to be benefiting from. For instance, the Nation
has "widened early learning opportunities in its region with the award by HHS of
a multi-year Early Head Start-Childcare Partnership Grant with Promise Zone
preference."  n166 Additionally, "thirteen schools and communities in
southeastern Oklahoma  [*279]  received Community Facilities Grants from USDA
Rural Development with Promise Zone preference for school gardens, fitness
equipment, and facility upgrades."  n167 The Choctaw Nation's goal of improving
public health within its community was addressed through the opening of a new
clinic outside the Nation's capital of Durant in Boswell, Oklahoma.  n168
Clayton, Oklahoma, another underserved town farther away from Durant, also
received improved access to public health care facilities since the Promise Zone
designation.  n169

   So far, since the Choctaw Nation was designated as a Promise Zone, recipients
affiliated with the Nation have received over $ 58 million in federal funds from
various agencies including Departments of Justice, Education, Agriculture,
Housing and Urban Development, and Treasury.  n170 Additionally, one of the
Choctaw Nation's Promise Zone partners, Rural Enterprise of Oklahoma, Inc.,
received a $ 35 million New Market Tax Credit  n171 from the Community
Development Financial Institutions fund at the Department of Treasury.  n172

   This influx of federal funds could provide tremendous benefits to the Tribe,
but it is not entirely clear whether the Promise Zone designation itself, with
the preference it gives the Tribe in grant applications, is the primary reason
the Nation received the funds. The discrepancies across federal agencies when it
comes to grant allocations make it difficult to determine whether any particular
program or priority, such as Promise  [*280]  Zones, had a dispositive effect in
the agency's decision. Given the Choctaw Nation's prior efforts to invest in its
economy, it is possible they would have received the same level of funding
regardless of Promise Zone designation. Additionally, large portions of the
grants are federally developed program specific grants that happen to match the
Promise Zone objective of the Choctaw Nation.

D. Early Promise Zone Evaluation

   Program Evaluation is another important component of nation-building because
it allows tribes to assess the effects of their decisions and learn from
mistakes.  n173 Program evaluation provides needed accountability and the means
to implement meaningful oversight in order to confirm that the program is
working as intended by ensuring scarce resources are used for their intended
purposes. It also allows for deviations in order to correct the course of the
program when needed.

   While the structure of the Promise Zone initiative can be analyzed and its
strengths can be duplicated in advocating for future programs, it will take many
years to develop a fully formed picture of whether the program is a success and
whether it is the true reason for the short-term accomplishments of the Choctaw
Nation after designation. Meanwhile, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development has recently chosen to focus place-based initiatives research on the
progress of Promise Zones thus far through a case study on how best to evaluate
the program.  n174 So far, only the basis for models on how best to evaluate the
data has been formulated.  n175 Nevertheless, valuable insights into the program
can be gained just by addressing how to evaluate it in the future.

   According to the HUD study on Promise Zones, the evaluation approach for the
initiative includes "a timeline for data collection and analysis, an outline of
qualitative and quantitative indicators of community change, data sources,
methods for obtaining, tracking, and sharing data, a list of methods for
selecting comparison sites, and a variety of rigorous evaluation methods."  n176
The tools are in place for the initiative to be evaluated when  [*281]  the time
comes, and similar program evaluation metrics should be included in any future
economic development programs for tribes.

E. The Promise Zone Initiate Moves the Needle Away from the Standard Approach,
but Falls Short of Achieving True Nation-Building

   In many ways, the Promise Zone initiative follows the principles of
self-determination and reflects the movement of federal Indian policy toward the
direction of nation-building on the Harvard Project spectrum. The overall
application process that incentivizes internal reform, efficiency, and long-term
strategic planning by tribes is a positive aspect of the Promise Zone initiative
based in nation-building principles. Likewise, the initial program evaluation
apparatus will help ensure accountability and oversight. Additionally, the
emphasis on federal government and local designee partnerships and cooperation
is more aligned with self-determination and nation-building.

   The Promise Zone initiative allows for wide discretion at the local level
when it comes to policy decisions. But designees are not totally free to choose
their own goals. While designees can choose up to three of their own defined
goals, they must choose to focus on three of the five stated Promise Zone goals.
n177 The Promise Zone goals are very broad and largely encompass similar goals
to local designees, but the discretion delegated to local officials is by no
means open-ended.  n178 This requirement of matching federal objectives appears
benign, but could indicate the potential for more federal control over Promise
Zones than appears at the surface of the program's description, thus trending
unintentionally closer to the standard approach. This might not be a large
concern at the broad, overarching initial level, but could be more worrisome
when tribes must apply for federally developed grants.

   The biggest concern for the Promise Zone initiative is the funding
structure--specifically, the reliance on project categorical federal grants. For
example, while the grants received by the Choctaw Nation are undoubtedly
helpful, their source as project categorical grants calls into question whether
the federal government has really granted the Choctaw Nation full sovereignty in
pursuing its Promise Zone objectives, or whether the federal government is
merely allowing the Nation to pursue its own objectives only when they match
federal programs. The program specific  [*282]  type of grant funding may be
awarded with costly strings attached in the form of federal mandates that may
ultimately prove quite burdensome for tribes to follow. Ultimately, this funding
structure is more in line with the standard approach than it is with
nation-building.

IV. The Future of Tribal Promise Zones

A. Grant Funding Analysis Under a Nation-Building Approach

   In order to achieve nation-building, the Harvard Project advocates for a
transition away from program specific grants and toward grants that allow more
discretion in how recipients use the resources they receive. Program specific
grants, also known as project categorical grants, which Promise Zones primarily
use, impose more restraint on recipients than other forms like block grants.
n179 Although the Promise Zone initiative expresses a partnership between the
federal government and local stakeholders, project categorical grants do not
appear to have much in common with a partnership. This type of grant structure
commonly includes "[f]ederal administrators [who] have a high degree of control
over" recipients,  n180 which adds a layer of inefficiency for tribes who have
already gone through a rigorous process to receive designation. Control by
federal administrators also calls into question whether the whole idea
surrounding delegation of policy making in Promise Zones is just an illusion,
disguising attempts by the federal government to actually promote already
formulated federal initiatives at the local level.

   Additionally, project categorical grant "recipients have relatively little
discretion concerning aided activities . . . and there is a relatively high
degree of federal administrative conditions attached to the grant."  n181
Promise Zone designees must live within extremely distressed areas and have
already shown their capacity for success and proven themselves worthy of
inclusion in the program. Many of the strings attached to project categorical
grants are designed to promote accountability and provide for oversight. But
additional regulation and hurdles, as well as costly mandates, are not the ideal
paths to reach the stated objectives of Promise Zone designees. The reliance on
project categorical grants along with a lack of tax credits or any other stable,
direct sources of funding, places too much uncertainty when attempting to
[*283]  craft long-term agendas. While the Promise Zone initiative appears to
include many nation-building principles, it has clearly chosen a funding
structure that fits squarely within the realm of the standard approach.

   The National Congress of American Indians has addressed similar concerns with
grant funding through the BIA. NCAI believes BIA grant funding is inconsistent
with Indian self-determination, because in their view such funding allocations
marginalize and impede the intent of tribal self-determination  n182 Instead,
NCAI proposes that the BIA should consult with tribes to develop formulas for
the distribution of new BIA funding.  n183 NCAI has identified concerns about
grant funding that are related to the standard approach of economic development.
For instance, NCAI fears forcing tribes to apply for funding through grant
opportunities at BIA ultimately results in federal employees in Washington, DC
retaining program authority instead of tribal leaders.  n184 Additionally, NCAI
believes grants inhibit the purpose of the Indian Self-Determination Act by
limiting flexibility and authority available to tribes.  n185 NCAI advocates for
a funding vehicle chosen by tribes in order to resolve concerns regarding
inconsistencies between the imposition of traditional grant mechanisms and the
ISDEAA.  n186

   For those wary of grant funding like NCAI, the ideal type of funding that
comes closest to achieving true nation-building is general revenue sharing.
Grant funding can be described on a spectrum with general revenue sharing on one
side and project categorical grant funding on the opposite. General revenue
sharing comes closest to achieving the goals of nation-building because it is
the least restrictive on recipients.  n187 As opposed to project categorical
grants, general revenue sharing gives federal administrators less discretion
over funding allocations, since funding is allocated automatically through
preapproved formulas authorized by legislation with input from recipients.  n188
Additionally, oversight in the form of "periodic reporting criteria and the
application of standard government accounting procedures" results in fewer
conditions attached to grants and recipients enjoying broader discretion over
aided activities.  n189 Although accountability and oversight are limited, they
still exist in the form of reporting and compliance with  [*284]  accounting
principles. Unfortunately, the federal government no longer makes use of a
general revenue sharing program, and it is unlikely future economic development
projects can expect to include this generous funding option. Nevertheless, it is
a powerful funding tool that should not be forgotten, especially its principles
that delegate more authority at the local and tribal levels.

   Fortunately, two realistic and better alternatives to project categorical
grants do exist: enactment of the Promise Zone tax credits, or a focus on block
grants. Both options would directly benefit Promise Zone designees and remove a
layer of bureaucratic inefficiency because of the lesser role federal
administrators play in managing such programs and the higher degree of authority
recipients possess. An ideal world would provide block grant funding as part of
Promise Zone designation because it strikes a natural compromise between the
most open-ended funding form-general revenue sharing-and the most restrictive
form-project categorical grants. At the very least, tribal Promise Zone
designees should lobby for tax incentives for businesses that invest within the
Promise Zone boundaries and provide much needed jobs. It is probably too late to
include block grant funding in the present form of Promise Zones, but a greater
emphasis on such funding should be near the top of legislative proposals in
crafting future economic development projects for Native Americans. For current
Promise Zone designees, efforts should be devoted to enacting the proposed
Promise Zone tax credits.

   Moving forward, a balance should be obtained between project categorical
grant funding and pure nation building. Block grants are a reasonable agreement
because they are "at the midpoint in the continuum of recipient discretion."
n190 In block grant funding, "[f]ederal administrators have a low degree of
discretion over who receives block grants."  n191 Instead of complying with
federally designed projects, tribes would receive a set amount of funds to
achieve their own set of goals. But tribes would not receive a completely blank
check because "recipients have some discretion concerning aided activities
(typically, funds can be used for a specified range of activities within a
single functional area)."  n192 Additionally, accountability and oversight are
not totally lost because "there is a moderate degree of federal  [*285]
administrative conditions attached to the grant, typically involving more than
periodic reporting criteria and the application of standard government
accounting procedures, but with fewer conditions attached to the grant than
project categorical grants."  n193

B. A Focus on Block Grant Funding

   Block grants, one of the major tenets of nation-building,  n194 have become
popular because of their potential for more efficient outcomes. Proponents argue
that because recipients have "more freedom to design programs," administration
of funds is simplified, thus improving access to social services for consumers.
n195 The Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations (ACIR) described
block grants as programs "by which funds are provided chiefly to general purpose
governmental units in accordance with a statutory formula for use in a broad
functional area, largely at the recipient's discretion."  n196 The Promise Zone
initiative largely makes use of project categorical grants, which are "generally
limited to narrowly defined purposes and targeted populations, and typically
come[] with reporting obligations designed to ensure accountability to the
federal agency charged with oversight of the program."  n197 Accountability to
and oversight of the federal government from which funds are appropriated is by
no means a bad thing, but when such virtues are used to push a federal agenda
instead of tribal interests, the disconnect that leads to the standard approach
arises.  n198 Instead of pushing the needle more toward nation building, project
categorical grants could be used to revert progress more toward the standard
approach. In fact, some proponents of block grants suggest that some congressmen
might prefer project categorical grants because of the greater opportunity to
receive political credit than they would by delegating authority and recognition
to local officials through block grants.  n199 If so, this seems to suggest that
[*286]  categorical grants could be a mechanism used by the federal government
to control outcomes and dictate policy decisions, as opposed to delegating
authority to tribal officials.  n200

   Block grants have long been advocated as a source of funding by state and
local government officials because "shifting from federal management to block
grants administered at the state or local level reduces federal responsibility
for priority setting and oversight by giving states or localities more
flexibility in the use of the funds while reducing reporting and administrative
requirements."  n201 Block grants provide a direct benefit to local
constituencies as "[m]any officials argue that local decision-making about
priorities and resource allocation is more responsive to local needs and makes
services simpler for consumers to access."  n202 Use of block grants may even
yield incidental benefits to the federal government, as proponents have "argued
that block grants would promote efficiency and coordination, sometimes noting
that they could yield administrative savings by reducing the need for federal
program managers."  n203 Additionally, "consolidating funding for related
programs could yield efficiency gains resulting from reduction of federal
program staff and reporting requirements,"  n204 providing the federal
government further benefits through the use of block grants.

   These efficiency gains from consolidation of project categorical grants may
even be used as a source of financing for the block grants themselves. Although
this idea has not been widely enacted for economic development, it has recently
been proposed. In the FY 2006 federal budget proposal, President Bush proposed
the Strengthening America's Communities initiative, a grant consolidation
program that "would have combined 18 existing community and economic development
programs (including the Community Development Block Grant program) into a
two-part block grant."  n205 The plan would have centralized administration of
the eighteen programs


     from five federal agencies (the Department of Housing and Urban
     Development, the Economic Development Administration in the Department
     of Commerce, the Department of the Treasury, the  [*287]  Department
     of Health and Human Services, and the Department of Agriculture) to
     the Department of Commerce, which administers the programs of the
     Economic Development Administration.  n206


Through the U.S. Economic Development Administration,  n207 "[t]he bonus program
would have awarded additional funds to communities that demonstrated efforts to
improve economic conditions."  n208 The eighteen original programs administered
by five different agencies would have cost $ 5.6 billion, but President Bush's
consolidation plan would have reduced spending to $ 3.7 billion, resulting in a
savings of $ 1.9 billion.  n209 Ultimately, Congress rejected the proposal, and
the eighteen different project categorical grants remained with the various
federal agencies at nearly the same funding levels.  n210

   A major obstacle preventing wide-scale implementation of block grants are
concerns regarding "accountability for spending and outcomes."  n211 Any time a
large sum of funds is transferred without much oversight, these legitimate
concerns arise. Proponents of block grants argue that local officials who
receive block grant funding "are more 'visible' to the public than federal
administrators and, as a result, are more likely to be held accountable for
their actions."  n212 Instead of relying on federal regulators, "this heightened
level of visibility and accountability encourages state and local government
officials to seek the most efficient and cost-effective means to deliver program
services" resulting in "added flexibility . . . produc[ing] . . . better
programmatic outcomes . . . at a lower cost."  n213 Additionally, oversight and
accountability has been exercised over states receiving block grant funding
[*288]  through "reporting requirements to some block grants and performance
incentives that reward states for documented improvements."  n214 This same
approach could be attached to Native American tribes who receive block grants.

   Block grants themselves are one of the major tenets of nation-building, but
they address many other aspects as well. Proponents of block grants often
"assert that block grants promote long-term planning,"  n215 a central pillar in
achieving nation-building for tribes. Long-term planning is facilitated in the
way block grants are funded, both in terms of certainty for future funding and
in terms of preventing waste of valuable resources via competitions for various
project categorical grants. According to proponents, like the National Governors
Association, "[u]nlike project categorical grants that require state and local
government officials to compete for funding, block grants use formulas to
distribute funds."  n216 Additionally, block grant proponents "argue that the
use of formulas provides recipients greater assurance that funding will be
continued, which makes it easier for them to predict the amount of their grant
and to create long-range plans for the funds' use."  n217 Allowing tribal
officials a source of funding that allows them to focus on long-term planning
will provide them the ability to promote a "programmatic focus on institutional
capacity-building"  n218 needed to achieve nation-building.

C. Takeaways from the Promise Zone Experience So Far

   The Promise Zone initiative is a step in the right direction toward long-term
sustainable economic growth for Indian Country--especially for the tribes
fortunate enough to receive designation. The federal government's inclination to
include Native American organizations in a comprehensive economic development
project of this nature, and its specific carve-out to ensure Native Americans
are included in the project signify a strong commitment to Native people. The
application process is stringent, but it provides a needed incentive for tribes
to make internal reforms that will ensure their competitiveness in today's
economy. The most important aspect that moves the Promise Zone initiative from
the standard approach to nation-building is its apparent willingness to delegate
major policy decisions to tribes. In the new Self-Determination Era of Native
American policy,  [*289]  allowing tribes to make decisions for themselves and
then remain accountable for those decisions is essential for long-term economic
success.

   The Promise Zone initiative itself is not the ideal vehicle to achieve true
nation-building and raise tribes out of the dismal poverty we see across the
country. In fact, its very existence remains in jeopardy as the next
presidential administration approaches, since there have yet to be any
legislative enactments giving Promise Zones any sense of permanency. The biggest
drawback to the current structure of Promise Zones is the program's limited
scope. Promise Zones will greatly impact designees, but it is unlikely the
project will have a major impact on the United States economy as a whole, let
alone the dire straits of Indian Country, since it is merely an Executive action
and not a comprehensive legislative achievement. Only twenty jurisdictions
across the country will benefit from Promise Zone designations--a number which
includes urban, rural, and tribal jurisdictions. The carve-out for tribes is a
positive aspect, but considering that there are over 550 federally recognized
Indian Nations across the country,  n219 one or two tribes per Promise Zone
round will make a negligible impact on Native American economies. Solely
focusing on the Choctaw Nation and Pine Ridge Reservation is a starting point,
but hopefully will not be the end of the federal government's newfound
commitment to Native people.

   In addition to the limited size of the Promise Zone initiative, its heavily
dependent focus on project categorical grant funding prevents tribes from truly
maximizing sovereignty and self-determination in economic development programs.
Allowing tribes to decide what projects they want to focus on, but then putting
a limit on how to fund those projects by restraining them to federally
recognized projects, severely limits tribal ability to fully recognize the
benefits of nation building. Moving forward, tribes should pursue efforts to
build upon the momentum created by President Obama's commitment to Indian
Country. Native American tribal leaders should lobby not only for legislation
securing the Promise Zone initiative, but also appropriations designed to
formulate a new economic development program specifically for Indian Country.
This new program should be crafted and introduced to policymakers so that it
takes the strongest aspects of the Promise Zone initiative and then includes
needed components of nation-building to finally help make a real impact on
alleviating poverty in Indian Country.

    [*290]  The stringent application process of the Promise Zone initiative
that rewards tribes who have proven their capacity for success, like the Choctaw
Nation, should be included in this future program. This provides tribes a reason
to make internal reforms and do their part to implement organizational
structures that are equipped to build long-term economic stability. Tribes that
have proven the ability to build long-term success should be granted designation
after the stringent application process, but should instead be rewarded with
real tools to make an impact and achieve their goals. A stringent application
process will also address accountability and oversight concerns by ensuring
limited federal appropriations are only going to those well-equipped to put the
money to good use, and to those who truly care about using the money for its
proper, intended purpose.

   To achieve an economic development initiative for tribes based on
self-determination principles, designation should be followed by block grants
instead of just preferential points to receive project categorical grants for
federally approved projects and a meaningful type of tax credit to help
incentivize business investment. Tribes who have demonstrated that they have
worthy plans through the application process should not be forced to file
additional applications for federally designed grants. They should be granted
the necessary funds up front to achieve the goals they have developed
themselves, possibly through consolidation of program specific grants into a new
type of block grant specifically authorized for tribes. Tribes should not be
forced to rely on funding that requires them to try to match their ambitions
with programs that meet federal objectives. Such a transition to more
open-ended, discretionary funding options will promote sovereignty for tribes
and efficiency for both the federal government and recipients.

Conclusion

   Overall, despite its limited scope, questionable legislative authority, and
uncertain future, the Promise Zone initiative moves Native American economic
development toward nation-building more than ever before. The fact that the Pine
Ridge Reservation and Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma are receiving the same
attention as the cities of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Los Angeles,
California, when it comes to addressing economic development is a major step
forward for tribes. The emphasis on block grants with wider discretion on policy
decisions over project categorical grants may seem to some as inconsequential
given the potential for major gains in Promise Zone areas. The legal and policy
history of federal relations with tribes highlights the need to maximize
sovereignty in the Self-Determination Era and take the  [*291]  next steps to
build upon the Promise Zone Initiative. In order for the Native American
community at large to finally lift itself out of poverty, it must take the lead
by demanding more self-determination authority when it comes to economic
development, not simply continuing as a ward of the federal government. The
Promise Zone initiative is likely to go a long way in helping the Choctaw Nation
and Pine Ridge Reservation, but it only provides guidance and the first steps
forward toward a brighter future for Native American communities across the
country.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority & JurisdictionPublic Health & Welfare
LawSocial ServicesEconomic DevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesNative Americans

FOOTNOTES:





n1  25 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(8) (2012) ("[D]espite the availability of abundant
natural resources on Indian lands and a rich cultural legacy that accords great
value to self-determination, self-reliance, and independence, Native Americans
suffer higher rates of unemployment, poverty, poor health, substandard housing,
and associated social ills than those of any other group in the United
States."); see Katherine Peralta, Native Americans Left Behind in the Economic
Recovery, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REP. (Nov. 27, 2014),
http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2014/11/27/native-americans-left-behind-in-t
he-economic-recovery; Allie Bidwell, Are American Indian Students the Least
Prepared for College?, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REP. (Mar. 13, 2014),
http://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/data-mine/2014/03/13/are-american-indian-studen
ts-the-least-prepared-for-college.





n2  Press Release, Choctaw Nation of Okla., Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma
Designated a 'Promise Zone' (n.d.),
https://www.choctawnation.com/news-events/press-media/choctaw-nation-oklahoma-de
signated-%E2%80%98promise-zone%E2%80%99 ("[The Promise zone] identifies census
tracts that experience high poverty and other challenging demographics. These
areas are in several southeastern Oklahoma counties, including Atoka, Bryan,
Coal, Choctaw, Haskell, Latimer, LeFlore, McCurtain, Pittsburg, and Pushmataha.
Of the census tracts involved, nine have poverty rates over 30 percent, the
highest of which is a staggering 52.8 percent."); Trymaine Lee, 'Promise Zones'
Offer New Hope to Struggling Choctaw Youth, MSNBC (Mar. 12, 2014),
http://www.msnbc.com/the-reid-report/choctaw-nation-promise-zones ("About 23% of
those living in the Choctaw Nation live below the poverty line -- 7 points
higher than the national average. In some communities the poverty rate balloons
to around 50%. Many children here are impoverished, living in homes without
running water. In McCurtain County alone, which has among the highest population
of Choctaw, about 34% of the children live in poverty. The teen pregnancy rate
is nearly twice the national average, higher than all other races combined. The
STD rate is nearly quadruple the national average, according to youth outreach
workers. And almost one-fourth of area students are enrolled in special
education programs.").





n3  Jaclyn Cosgrove, Federal Initiative Is Part of What Brings Hope to Southeast
Oklahoma, OKLAHOMAN (Sept. 8, 2015), http://newsok.com/article/5445211; see also
Jens Manuel Krogstad, One-in-Four Native Americans and Alaska Natives Are Living
in Poverty, PEW RES. CTR. (June 13, 2014),
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/06/13/1-in-4-native-americans-and-alas
ka-natives-are-living-in-poverty/.





n4  Chief Gregory E. Pyle, Promise Zone Offers Opportunities for Growth,
BISKINIK (Durant, Okla.), Feb. 2014, at 2,
https://www.choctawnation.com/sites/default/files/2015/09/29/BISKINIK2014_02c_or
iginal.pdf.





n5  Kristi Eaton, Obama Announces Broadband 'Game-Changer' While Visiting
Choctaw Nation, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK.COM (July 16, 2015),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2015/07/16/obama-announces-broadband-g
ame-changer-while-visiting-choctaw-nation-161098.





n6  David Usborne, Poverty in America: Can Obama Bring an End to the Choctaw
Nation's Trail of Tears?, INDEPENDENT (London) (Jan. 30, 2014),
http://www.independent.co.
uk/news/world/americas/poverty-in-america-can-obama-bring-an-end-to-the-choctaw-
nations-trail-of-tears-9097463.html ("That the Nation has been picked for the
new programme elicits more pride here than shame, and some even see it as
Washington paying partial and belated recompense for past crimes against their
ancestors.").





n7  Eaton, supra note 5.





n8  Peralta, supra note 1.





n9  Cecila Mu[#xF1]oz & Luke Tate, Accelerating Economic Mobility Through
Promise Zone Partnerships, WHITE HOUSE (Apr. 28, 2015),
https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2015/04/28/accelerating-economic-mobility-throug
h-promise-zone-partnerships.





n10  Id.





n11  Id.





n12  Id. (showing that twenty Promise Zones have been created or announced).





n13  Eaton, supra note 5.





n14  See infra Part I.





n15  See infra Part I.





n16  See infra Part I; Stephen Cornell & Joseph P. Kalt, Two Approaches to the
Development of Native Nations: One Works, the Other Doesn't, in REBUILDING
NATIVE NATIONS: STRATEGIES FOR GOVERNANCE AND DEVELOPMENT 3 (Miriam Jorgensen
ed., 2007). (discussing the standard approach in which tribal economic
development initiatives often result in failed outcomes and the nation-building
approach that often results in more successful results for tribes).





n17  See infra Parts III, IV.





n18  25 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(1) (2012) ("[C]lause 3 of section 8 of article I of the
United States Constitution recognizes the special relationship between the
United States and Indian tribes.").





n19  Id. § 4301(a)(7) ("[T]he capacity of Indian tribes to build strong tribal
governments and vigorous economies is hindered by the inability of Indian tribes
to engage communities that surround Indian lands and outside investors in
economic activities on Indian lands."); id. § 4301(a)(11) ("[T]he lack of
employment and entrepreneurial opportunities in the communities referred to in
paragraph (7) has resulted in a multigenerational dependence on Federal
assistance that is . . . (A) insufficient to address the magnitude of needs; and
(B) unreliable in availability . . . ."); SUSAN WOODROW ET AL., GROWING
ECONOMIES IN INDIAN COUNTRY: TAKING STOCK OF PROGRESS AND PARTNERSHIPS 4-6 (Apr.
2012) (Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System White Paper),
http://www.federalreserve.gov/
newsevents/conferences/GEIC-white-paper-20120501.pdf (identifying eight broad
categories that create barriers to economic development in Native American
communities including: (1) insufficient access to capital; (2) capacity and
capital constraints of small business resource providers; (3) insufficient
workforce development, financial management training, and business education;
(4) tribal governance constraints; (5) regulatory constraints on land held in
trust and land designated as restricted use; (6) underdeveloped physical
infrastructure; (7) insufficient research and data; and (8) a lack of regional
collaboration).





n20  25 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(6) ("[T]he United States has an obligation to guard and
preserve the sovereignty of Indian tribes in order to foster strong tribal
governments, Indian self-determination, and economic self-sufficiency among
Indian tribes.").





n21  JUSTIN B. RICHLAND & SARAH DEER, INTRODUCTION TO TRIBAL LEGAL STUDIES 73
(2d ed. 2010).





n22  Id.





n23  Id. at 75 (depicting a timeline that includes dramatically different and
quickly changing federal Indian policy periods and eras including the Colonial
Period, 1492-1776; Confederation Period, 1776-1789; Trade and Intercourse Act
Era, 1789-1835; Removal Period, 1835-1861; Reservation Period, 1861-1887;
Allotment Period and Forced Assimilation, 1871-1934; Indian Reorganization Act
Period, 1934-1940; Termination Era, 1940-1962; Self-Determination Era,
1962-Present).





n24  Id. at 73; see id. at 75 (describing the Removal Period of 1835-1861 as a
period in which federal policy consisted of "[e]xtinguishment of Indian title to
eastern lands and removal of Indians beyond state boundary lines westward"; and
summarizing the Reservation Era of 1861-1887 as "westward non-Indian settlement
leapfrogs the Indian Territory to California, creation of reservations within
states and territories, with resulting Indian Wars").





n25  Id. at 73; see id. at 75 (describing the Allotment Period and Forced
Assimilation of 1871-1934 as a period in which treaty making ended, "federal
courts [were] given some criminal jurisdiction over crimes committed by Indians
in Indian Country, the federal government individually allot[ted] tribal lands,
and open[ed] up remainder for non-Indian settlement").





n26  Jenny Small, Financing Native Nations: Access to Capital Markets, 32 REV.
BANKING & FIN. L. 463, 472 (2013) (citing Poverty and Possibilities in Indian
Country, INDIAN REP. (Friends Comm. on Nat'l Legislation, D.C.), Spring 2012, at
1 (stating that one in three Native Americans on reservations live in poverty
and Native Americans on such reservations struggle "to make a living")); see
also Duane Champagne, Ramping Up Economic Development Policy for Tribes, ARIZ.
INDIAN GAMING ASS'N (Feb. 15, 2012),
http://www.azindiangaming.org/ramping-up-economic-development-policy-for-tribes/
; Jessica A. Shoemaker, Comment, Like Snow in the Spring Time: Allotment,
Fractionation, and the Indian Land Tenure Problem, 2003 WIS. L. REV. 729,
739-40; Angelique EagleWoman, Tribal Nations and Tribalist Economics: The
Historical and Contemporary Impacts of Intergenerational Material Poverty and
Cultural Wealth Within the United States, 49 WASHBURN L.J. 805, 817 (2010); see
WOODROW ET AL., supra note 19.





n27  See RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 75. The Indian Reorganization Act
Period of 1934-1940 followed the Allotment Period, and during that time "tribes
adopt[ed] constitutions and establish[ed] tribal councils and business
committees." Id. The Termination Era of 1940-1962, in which Congress sought to
terminate federal supervision and subject tribes to state jurisdiction, ended
the IRA Period. Id. The Self-Determination Era began in 1962 and is still
recognized as the present federal Indian Policy. Id. It has included a
"[r]evitalization of tribal entities and improvement of conditions on
reservations, restoration of some tribes to federal recognition and supervision,
passage of Indian Civil Rights Act, the Indian Self Determination and Education
Assistance Act, the Indian Child Welfare Act, Indian Tribal Government Tax
Status Act, Indian Land Consolidation Act, [and] Indian Gaming Regulatory Act."
Id.





n28  Small, supra note 26, at 471.





n29  Ch. 576, 48 Stat. 984 (codified as amended in scattered sections of 25
U.S.C.).





n30  Richard J. Ansson, Jr. & Ladine Oravetz, Tribal Economic Development: What
Challenges Lie Ahead for Tribal Nations as They Continue to Strive for Economic
Diversity, 11 KAN. J.L. & PUB. POL'Y 441, 444 (2001-2002).





n31  Id.





n32  Small, supra note 26, at 471.





n33  RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 99-103.





n34  Id.





n35  Small, supra note 26, at 471.





n36  John C. Mohawk, Indian Economic Development: An Evolving Concept of
Sovereignty, 39 BUFF. L. REV. 495, 495-96 (1991).





n37  Id. at 497-98.





n38  Id. at 495 (stating that the Indian movement for sovereignty "included the
occupation of Alcatraz Island, the struggle for Indian fishing rights on the
Columbia River, the Pit River Indians' struggle for land rights, the Trail of
Broken Treaties, the occupation of Wounded Knee in 1973, and a number or other
events").





n39  Id.





n40  Ansson & Oravetz, supra note 30, at 444.





n41  Id.





n42  Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, Pub. L. No. 93-638,
88 Stat. 2203 (1975).





n43  25 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(2) (2012) ("[B]eginning in 1970, with the inauguration
by the Nixon Administration of the Indian self-determination era, each President
has reaffirmed the special government-to-government relationship between Indian
tribes and the United States . . . .").





n44  RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 68.





n45  Id.





n46  Carole Goldberg, Federal Self-Determination and Self-Governance Policies,
1970- Today (2002) (unpublished material on file with the UCLA Native Nations
Law and Policy Center), in RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 88, 89.





n47  Id.





n48  Id.





n49  Id.





n50  Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act Amendments of 1988,
Pub. L. No. 100-472, 102 Stat. 2285, amended by Tribal Self-Governance
Amendments of 2000, Pub. L. No. 106-260, 114 Stat. 711.





n51  Goldberg, supra note 46, in RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 89.





n52  Id.





n53  Id.





n54  Id.





n55  Indian Self-Determination Act Amendments of 1994, Pub. L. No. 103-413, 108
Stat. 4250.





n56  Goldberg, supra note 46, in RICHLAND & DEER, supra note 21, at 89-90.





n57  25 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(12) (2012) ("[T]he twin goals of economic
self-sufficiency and political self-determination for Native Americans can best
be served by making available to address the challenges faced by those groups .
. . (A) the resources of the private market; (B) adequate capital; and (C)
technical expertise.").





n58  Mohawk, supra note 36.





n59  About Us, HARVARD PROJECT ON AM. INDIAN ECON. DEV., http://hpaied.org/about
(last visited Mar. 10, 2016) ("The Harvard Project aims to understand and foster
the conditions under which sustained, self-determined social and economic
development is achieved among American Indian nations through applied research
and service.").





n60  Id.





n61  Cornell & Kalt, supra note 16, at 7.





n62  Id. at 32.





n63  See id. at 4-5 (showing examples of tribes that adopted nation-building
approaches include the Mississippi Band of Choctaw who attracted manufacturing
businesses to relocate to tribal lands, enabling the Tribe to reinvigorate its
economy and improve the quality of life for residents; the Confederated Salish
and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Reservation who revered the result of
allotment policies that decreased their sovereignty by assuming management of
its own land base and natural resources and acquiring complete control over all
federal programs on the Reservation, leading to improved economic conditions;
and the Native community of Akiachak, Alaska that acquired self-rule for its
city resulting in infrastructure investments and a wide array of tribal provided
public services to residents).





n64  The authors contrast the standard approach and the nation-building approach
as follows:


     The standard approach to development of Native nations has give
     primary characteristics: (1) decision making is short term and
     nonstrategic; (2) persons or organizations other than the Native
     nation set the development agenda; (3) development is treated as
     primarily an economic problem; (4) Indigenous culture is viewed as an
     obstacle to development; and (5) elected leadership serves primarily
     as a distributor of resources.


Id. at 7-8.


     [W]e can generalize from various cases and details to identify five
     primary characteristics of the nation-building approach: (1) Native
     nations comprehensively assert decision-making power (practical
     sovereignty, or self-rule); (2) nations back up decision-making power
     with effective governing institutions; (3) their governing
     institutions match their own political cultures; (4) decision making
     is strategic; and (5) leaders serve as nation builders and mobilizers.


Id. at 18.





n65  Id. at 7.





n66  Id. at 10.





n67  Id.





n68  Id.





n69  Id. at 16-17.





n70  Id. at 21.





n71  Id. at 21.





n72  Id.





n73  Id. at 27.





n74  Id. at 32-33.





n75  Id. at 27.





n76  Id.





n77  See 42 U.S.C. § 11501 (2012).





n78  Sam Tanenhaus, Note to Republicans: Channel Jack Kemp, N.Y. TIMES (Apr. 5,
2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/06/sunday-review/note-to-republicans-channel-jack
-kemp.html?_r=0.





n79  Id.





n80  26 U.S.C. § 1391 (Westlaw through Pub. L. No. 114-229).





n81  Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2015, S. 790, 114th Cong.





n82  Tanenhaus, supra note 79.





n83  Id.





n84  Id.





n85  Third Round Promise Zones Competition, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUSING & URBAN DEV.,
https://www.hudexchange.info/news/third-round-promise-zones-competition/ (last
visited Oct. 18, 2015); see also Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban
Dev., Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to Build
Community Prosperity (Apr. 28, 2015),
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/press_releases_media_advisories/2
015/HUDNo_15-049 ("Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other priorities identified by the community.
Through the Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with
federal, state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve
the quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.")





n86  Promise Zones, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUSING & URBAN DEV.,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/comm_planning/economicd
evelopment/programs/pz/overview (last visited Oct. 18, 2016) ("For the
communities selected, the federal government will partner to help the Promise
Zones access resources and expertise to help communities thrive. In 2015, 12
agencies are providing preferential access in 37 programs. Promise Zones'
federal partners include the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Commerce, Corporation for
National and Community Service, U.S. Department of Education, U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Labor,
National Endowment for the Arts, Small Business Administration, U.S. Department
of Transportation, and the U.S. Department of the Treasury.").





n87  See supra Part I.





n88  Federal Resources for Rural and Tribal Communities, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUSING &
URBAN DEV.,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/comm_planning/economicd
evelopment/programs/pz/rural_tribal (last visited Apr. 11, 2016).





n89  Id.





n90  Id.





n91  Second Round Promise Zone Application Guide: Urban Application Overview,
U.S. DEP'T OF HOUS. & URBAN DEV. 1,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=PZ_R2_App_Guide_Urban.pdf
(last visited Apr. 10, 2016) [hereinafter Second Round Promise Zone Application
Guide].





n92  See infra Part III.





n93  Amie Parnes, Obama Hopes to Boost His Legacy Without the House and Senate,
HILL (Jan. 9, 2014),
http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/194886-obama-hopes-to-boost-legacy-sans-c
ongress.





n94  Id. (reporting that some senior administration officials have conceded to
resorting to non-legislative avenues to promote the Obama agenda).





n95  Id.





n96  Lee, supra note 2 ("As part of the president's 2015 budget proposal, Obama
asked for $ 100 million to support the current Promise Zones and $ 200 million
to expand the program to include an additional 40 communities. Many of the
program's details remain vague. And while the launch of the zones highlight
Obama's efforts to keep a promise to make 2014 a year of robust executive
action, the sheer depth of the social and economic problems facing young
Choctaws and Native American youth on and off reservations show such efforts to
be a pebble in the proverbial pool of despair.").





n97  H.R. 4941, 113th Cong. (2014); S. 2597, 113th Cong. (2014).





n98  H.R. 4941 § 1400V-1.





n99  Id. §§ 1400V-2 to 1400V-3.





n100  Proposed Priority--Promise Zones, 78 Fed. Reg. 36913-15 (proposed Oct. 25,
2013) (later finalized as 79 Fed. Reg. 17035).





n101  Final Priority-Promise Zones, 79 Fed. Reg. 17035-37 (announced Mar. 27,
2014) (no substantive changes made from 78 Fed. Reg. 36913).





n102  42 U.S.C. § 3535(h) (2012).





n103  Id.





n104  Id. § 3545(a).





n105  U.S. DEP'T OF HOUS. & URBAN DEV., GENERAL SECTION TO THE FISCAL YEAR 2015
NOFAS FOR DISCRETIONARY PROGRAMS 21-22 (No. FR-5900-N-01, Oct. 10, 2014),
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2015nofa-gensec.pdf.





n106  Id. at 21.





n107  See supra Part I.





n108  Support for Tribal Governments, in NAT'L CONGRESS OF AM. INDIANS, FISCAL
YEAR 2017 INDIAN COUNTRY BUDGET REQUEST 27, 29 (2016),
http://www.ncai.org/resources/ncai-publications/NCAI-2017-BudgetReport-Layout-FI
NAL.pdf [hereinafter NCAI FY 2017 BUDGET REQUEST] ("Unfortunately, not all
Federal agencies have provided preference points for their competitive grant
applications, and those Federal agencies that have provided preference points
have done so only with a limited number of their competitive programs.").





n109  Id.





n110  See supra Part I for a discussion on the ineffective standard approach to
Native American Economic Development.





n111  Welcome to the Community Renewal Initiative, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUSING & URBAN
DEV.,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/comm_planning/economicd
evelopment/programs/rc (last visited on Apr. 10, 2016) ("Introduced in 1993, the
Empowerment Zone (EZ), Enterprise Community (EC), and Renewal Community (RC)
Initiatives sought to reduce unemployment and generate economic growth through
the designation of Federal tax incentives and award of grants to distressed
communities.").





n112  Id.





n113  See Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 103-66, title
XIII, § 13301(a), 107 Stat. 312, 549; Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-188, title I, § 1201(e)(4), 110 Stat. 1755, 1772; Taxpayer
Relief Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-34, title IX, §§ 951(b), 952(b), 111 Stat.
788, 885, 887; Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001, Pub. L. No. 106-554, title
I, § 113(a), 114 Stat. 2763, 2763A-601 (2000).





n114  Empowerment Zone Tax Incentives Summary Chart, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUSING &
URBAN DEV. (Aug. 2013),
https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/Empowerment-Zone-Tax-Incentives
-Summary-Chart.pdf.





n115  S. 1946, 114th Cong. § 139 (2015).





n116  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Fact Sheet: New Promise
Zones Building Stronger Ladders of Opportunity (Apr. 28, 2015),
https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/docs/nationalfactsht.pdf
("Cutting Taxes for Businesses: Finally, President Obama has proposed, and
called on Congress to act, to cut taxes on hiring and investment in areas
designated as Promise Zones--based upon the proven model of Empowerment Zones
tax credits--to attract businesses and create jobs.").





n117  Ken Steif, Promise Zone Tax Incentives Offer Rare Opportunity for
Bipartisan Urban Renewal, PLANPHILLY (Jan. 15, 2014),
http://planphilly.com/articles/2014/01/15/promise-zone-tax-incentives-offer-rare
-opportunity-for-bipartisan-urban-renewal.





n118  Federal Partner Funding and Technical Assistance Opportunities, U.S. DEP'T
OF HOUSING & URBAN DEV.,
https://www.hudexchange.info/programs/promise-zones/federal-partner-funding-and-
technical-assistance-opportunities/ (last visited Sept. 26, 2015).

        On July 14, 2014, U.S. Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania introduced
     S. 2597, a bill that would add business tax incentives to the Promise
     Zones Initiative. On June 23, 2014 Representative Gary Peters of
     Michigan introduced H.R. 4941, a companion bill in the U.S. House of
     Representatives. The bills would provide an employment tax credit to
     employers who employ a resident of the Promise Zone or who locate
     their businesses within a Promise Zone. Expensing of certain
     business/industrial property located within a Promise Zone are also
     proposed in the bills.

        During this term, the specific benefits made available to Promise
     Zones will vary from year to year, and sometimes more often than
     annually, due to changes in the agency policies and changes in
     appropriations and authorizations for relevant programs. All
     assistance provided to Promise Zones is subject to applicable
     regulations, statutes, and changes in federal agency policies,
     appropriations, and authorizations for relevant programs.


Id.





n119  See supra Part I for a discussion on the more effective approach to Native
American economic development-the nation-building approach-and the importance of
long-term, strategic planning.





n120  Sara-Jane Smallwood, NCAI Resolution # ANC-14-035: Support for Enactment
of Promise Zone Tax Credits, NAT'L CONGRESS OF AM. INDIANS,
http://www.ncai.org/resources/resolutions/support-for-enactment-of-promise-zone-
tax-credits (last visited Oct. 18, 2016).





n121  Id.





n122  Id.





n123  J.B. Wogan, Obama Tries to End the Cycle of Broken Poverty Promises,
GOVERNING (July 2015),
http://www.governing.com/topics/health-human-services/gov-promise-zones-obama-po
verty.html.





n124  Id.





n125  Id.





n126  Id. ("In 2006, the U.S. Government Accountability Office determined that
some Empowerment Zones had indeed seen improvements in poverty, unemployment or
growth in total jobs and businesses; however, it reported, those changes
couldn't be linked to federal policy and might be attributed to a better
national economy or other outside forces. . . . Some research indicates that the
government-designated zones actually drew jobs away from other places --
reshuffling the location of those jobs rather than creating new ones.")





n127  Id.





n128  See supra Part I.





n129  Wogan, supra note 123.





n130  See Matias Busso, Jesse Gregory & Patrick M. Kline, Assessing the
Incidence and Efficiency of a Prominent Place Based Policy, 103 AM. ECON. REV.
897 (2013); see also David Neumark & Helen Simpson, Place-Based Policies (Nat'l
Bureau of Econ. Research, Working Paper No. 20049, 2014),
http://www.nber.org/papers/w20049.pdf.





n131  See Chuck Trimble, The Tantalizing Promise of Promise Zones, INDIAN
COUNTRY TODAY MEDIA NETWORK.COM (Jan. 24, 2014),
http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2014/01/24/tantalizing-promise-promise
-zones.





n132  Id.





n133  Id.





n134  Id.





n135  Id.





n136  See supra Part I (explaining that a transition from program specific
federal grants (also known as project categorical grants) is one of the primary
teachings of nation-building); see infra Part III (providing more in depth
analysis regarding the different forms of grant funding).





n137  See Neumark & Simpson, supra note 130; see also Busso Et Al., supra note
130.





n138  See supra Part I.





n139  Id.





n140  Id.





n141  See Second Round Promise Zone Application Guide, supra note 91. The
application process requires applicants to provide "a clear description of how
the Promise Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's
efforts at comprehensive community revitalization." Id. at 1. Effective
leadership is a necessity because the Promise Zone application requires a "lead
applicant," which acts as a liaison between the government and other
stakeholders within the area. Id. at 6. The application requires the submission
of materials that indicate the need, strategy, capacity and local commitment of
the potential Promise Zone designee. Id. at 9-18. Applications are weighted on a
100-point scale. Id. at 4. Need is weighted at ten points and considers the
poverty rate, serious and violent crime rate, unemployment rate, and long-term
vacancy rate of residential properties. Id. at 9-10. Strategy is weighted at
forty points and is broken up into subcategories including a needs and assets
assessment worth ten points. Id. at 10-11. Promise Zone Plan is worth
twenty-five points, and a sustainability and financial feasibility statement
worth five points. Id. at 11-13. Capacity and local commitment is weighted at
fifty points and includes subcategories including partnership structure worth
ten points, capacity of lead applicant worth eight points, capacity of
implementation partner organizations worth eight points, data and evaluation
capacity worth three points, resident engagement capacity worth three points,
strength and extent of local government commitment worth ten points, and
strength and extent of partnership commitment worth eight points. Id. at 14-18.





n142  Cosgrove, supra note 3.





n143  Id.





n144  Id.





n145  Id.





n146  See Cornell & Kalt, supra note 16, at 19-20.





n147  See Second Round Promise Zone Application Guide, supra note 91, at 3.





n148  Id. at 4.





n149  See Press Release, Office of the Press Sec'y, White House, Fact Sheet:
President Obama's Promise Zones Initiative (Jan. 8, 2014).





n150  Id.





n151  Second Round Rural and Tribal Designees, HUD EXCHANGE (Apr. 28, 2015),
https://www.hudexchange.info/programs/promise-zones/second-round-rural-and-
tribal-designees/#pine-ridge-indian-reservation.





n152  Id.





n153  Id.





n154  Id.





n155  Id.





n156  Id.





n157  Id.





n158  Id.





n159  Id.





n160  Seth Tupper, Pine Ridge Selected as Federal 'Promise Zone', RAPID CITY J.,
(Apr. 29, 2015),
http://rapidcityjournal.com/news/local/pine-ridge-selected-as-federal-promise-zo
ne/article_30103942-2f46-5f60-b4d5-87d2dee41a91.html.





n161  Id.





n162  See Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., supra note 116.





n163  Id.





n164  Id.





n165  Id.





n166  President Obama to Highlight the Success of Choctaw Nation's Promise Zone
Designation at Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma Today, NATIVE NEWS ONLINE.NET (July
15, 2015),
http://nativenewsonline.net/currents/president-obama-to-highlight-the-success-of
-choctaw-nations-promise-zone-designation-at-choctaw-nation-of-oklahoma-today/
[hereinafter President Obama to Highlight].





n167  Id.





n168  Id. ("The Tribe's partner, Pushmataha Family Medical Center, Inc., was
awarded a New Access Point grant through HHS to create new jobs and provide
health services in Boswell, an underserved area whose 5,700 residents are 25
miles away from medical resources and are mostly uninsured or Medicaid/Medicare
eligible.").





n169  Cosgrove, supra note 3.





n170  President Obama to Highlight, supra note 166.





n171  See New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) Program, COMMUNITY DEV. FIN. INSTITUTION
FUND,
https://www.cdfifund.gov/programs-training/Programs/new-markets-tax-credit/Pages
/default.aspx (last visited Oct. 20, 2016). Even though widespread Promise Zone
tax credits are not yet available, entities can apply for competitive New Market
Tax Credits (NMTC). According to the Community Development Financial Institution
Fund,

     The NMTC Program attracts private capital into low-income communities
     by permitting individual and corporate investors to receive a tax
     credit against their federal income tax in exchange for making equity
     investments in specialized financial intermediaries called Community
     Development Entities (CDEs). The credit totals 39 percent of the
     original investment amount and is claimed over a period of seven
     years.


Id.






n172  President Obama to Highlight, supra note 166.





n173  See Cornell & Kalt, supra note 16, at 21.





n174  See OFFICE OF POLICY DEV. & RESEARCH, U.S. DEP'T OF HOUS. & URBAN DEV.,
SYSTEMS EVALUATIONS FOR PLACE-BASED INITIATIVES: PD&R EXPERT CONVENINGS SUMMARY
REPORT (Oct. 2015),
https://www.huduser.gov/portal/sites/default/files/pdf/Systems-Evaluations-Place
-Based-Initiatives.pdf.





n175  See id. at 1.





n176  Id. at 1.





n177  Id. at 1.





n178  See id. The five Promise Zone goals include "creating jobs, increasing
economic opportunity, improving educational opportunities, reducing serious or
violent crime, and leveraging private capital." Id.





n179  ROBERT JAY DILGER & EUGENE BOYD, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R40486, BLOCK
GRANTS: PERSPECTIVES AND CONTROVERSIES 2 (2014).





n180  Id. ("[R]ecipients must apply to the appropriate federal agency for
funding and compete against other potential recipients who also meet the
program's specified eligibility criteria . . . .").





n181  Id.





n182  NCAI FY 2017 BUDGET REQUEST, supra note 108, at 28.





n183  Id.





n184  Id.





n185  Id.





n186  Id.





n187  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 3.





n188  Id.





n189  Id.





n190  Id.; see ADVISORY COMM'N ON INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS, A-52, CATEGORICAL
GRANTS: THEIR ROLE AND DESIGN 7 fig. 1 (1978).





n191  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 3 ("[A]fter setting aside funding for
administration and other specified activities, the remaining funds are typically
allocated automatically to recipients by a formula or formulas specified in
legislation . . . .").





n192  Id.





n193  Id.





n194  See supra Part I.





n195  MARGY WALLER, BLOCK GRANTS: FLEXIBILITY VS. STABILITY IN SOCIAL SERVICES 1
(Brookings Inst. Policy Brief, Ctr. on Children & Families # 34, Dec. 2005),
http://www.brookings.edu/
/media/research/files/papers/2005/12/welfare-waller/pb34.pdf.





n196  Id. at 1-2.





n197  Id. at 2.





n198  See supra Section I.B (discussing the standard approach to Native American
economic development that typically results in failed outcomes because of a lack
of allowing tribes to pursue self-determination policies).





n199  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 6-7 (citing Carl W. Stenberg, Block
Grants and Devolution: A Future Tool?, in INTERGOVERNMENTAL MANAGEMENT FOR THE
21ST CENTURY 263, 267, 271-74 (Timothy J. Conlan & Paul L. Posner eds., 2008)).





n200  See infra Section 4.A; see also Cornell & Kalt, supra note 16, at 14-15
(discussing how including tribes to participate in program-specific grants could
support the federal agenda at the expense of tribal objectives and sovereignty).





n201  WALLER, supra note 195, at 3.





n202  Id.





n203  Id.





n204  Id.





n205  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 13.





n206  Id. at 13-14 (citing EUGENE BOYD ET AL., CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL32823, AN
OVERVIEW OF THE ADMINISTRATION'S STRENGTHENING AMERICA'S COMMUNITIES INITIATIVE
(2006)).





n207  Overview, U.S. ECON. DEV. ADMIN., https://www.eda.gov/about/ (last visited
Mar. 26, 2016) ("As the only federal government agency focused exclusively on
economic development, the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development
Administration (EDA) plays a critical role in fostering regional economic
development efforts in communities across the nation.").





n208  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 14.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  WALLER, supra note 195, at 1.





n212  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 7; see also ADVISORY COMM'N ON
INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS, A-60, BLOCK GRANTS: A COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS 11
(1977).





n213  DILGER & BOYD, supra note 179, at 7.





n214  Id. at 9.





n215  Id. at 8.





n216  Id.





n217  Id.





n218  See supra Part I.





n219  NAT'L CONG. OF AM. INDIANS, AN INTRODUCTION TO INDIAN NATIONS IN THE
UNITED STATES 2 (n.d.), http://www.ncai.org/about-tribes/indians_101.pdf.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

A fair cause

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: India


India, Jan. 15 -- The Union Minister of Tribal Affairs, Jual Oram shares that
the ministry is promoting education among schedule tribe students, especially
girls through its various schemes and initiatives

Is the government amending the Forest Rights Act to clear the way for
infrastructure projects?

No proposal for amendment of Forest Rights Act has been received by FRA division
of Ministry of Tribal Affairs.

What steps are you taking to decrease school dropout rates?

The literacy rate of Schedule Tribe (ST) population in general and ST women in
particular is very low as compared to other backward sections of the society. As
per census 2011, the literacy rate of ST women is 49.4 per cent as compared to
the overall literacy rate of women at 64.6 per cent. A common feature among ST
students is of high dropout rates accompanied by low enrollment at the
secondary/higher levels of education that needs immediate attention.

Under our various initiatives, there are schemes that are meant exclusively for
ST girl students, in addition to the general ones implemented for educational
development of ST students. We focus more on naxal-affected areas and in places
inhabited by particularly vulnerable tribal groups (earlier known as Primitive
Tribal Groups).

Secondly, financial assistance is provided to ST students pursuing
post-matriculation courses in recognised institutions. The scheme covers
professional, technical as well as non-professional and non-technical courses at
various levels. It also includes correspondence courses, distance and continuing
education.

To minimise the high incidence of dropout at the secondary level of education,
scheme of pre-matric scholarship has been launched in 2012 to improve
participation of ST children in class nine and ten for better performance.

We provide financial assistance for construction of new hostels and extension of
existing hostel buildings for the middle, secondary, college and university
levels. We provide 100 per cent funding to all girls hostel.

Other education related initiatives include, re-aligning vacations in tribal
schools with local festivals, introduction of multi-lingual education through
tribal language primers, strengthening work education in primary classes,
vocational education in secondary and senior secondary classes and spreading
awareness in campaign mode for enrollment of ST children and for continuing
education.

How are you promoting tribal products and ensuring that the artist is being paid
the right price?

The Ministry of Tribal Affairs has constituted Tribal Cooperative Marketing
Development Federation of India Limited (TRIFED) to promote socio-economic
development of tribals by marketing products made by them.

TRIFED's role as a facilitator and service provider involves capacity building
of the tribals through sensitisation, formation of self help groups and
imparting training to them for undertaking a particular activity, exploring
marketing possibilities in national as well as international markets, creating
opportunities for marketing tribal products on a sustainable basis and creating
a brand for their products.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Creating pathways: connecting American Indian students to health
professions

LENGTH: 1229 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: University of Wisconsin Madison, The State of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:



 In the past three years, the number of applications from American Indian
students to the School of Medicine and Public Health has exploded, increasing by
250 percent. This increase coincides with the creation of the UW-Native American
Center for Health Professions (NACHP), a relatively new program established to
connect American Indian students to careers in health care.


 Melissa Metoxen, community and academic support coordinator and member of the
Oneida Nation of Wisconsin, believes that this connection is critically needed.



 &ldquo;American Indian people are the least represented group in health
professions out of all the underrepresented groups in Wisconsin,&rdquo; she
says. &ldquo;Most of our tribal communities in Wisconsin fall within health
professional shortage areas [HPSA]." The 2014 Indian Health Service report also
shows American Indian people experience disproportionately substandard health
conditions than the rest of the general U.S. population.



 In the last several years, NACHP and the School of Nursing have been working to
address these disparities. Together these groups are collaborating to break down
barriers that deter American Indian students from pursuing careers in health
fields with the larger vision of improving the health and wellness of American
Indian communities in Wisconsin.



 &ldquo;Our goal is to transform UW-Madison into the gateway for Native American
entrance to health professions,&rdquo; says Metoxen, who joined NACHP shortly
after it was created to help expand outreach to prospective students and serve
as an advisor to currently enrolled students.
 One of the major initiatives led by Metoxen was strengthening partnerships with
Wisconsin tribal communities. Through this effort, NACHP has collaborated with
several tribes to create opportunities for students to complete their clinical
experience, internships and rotations at Indian Health Service Clinics located
on reservations in Wisconsin. Just this fall, a fourth-year medical student
completed her six-week preceptorship at the Oneida Community Health Center.



 According to Dr. Erik Brodt, founder and former director of NACHP, Metoxen has
played a central role in the department's growth. &ldquo;She fuels students'
success by providing excellent guidance, encouragement and mentorship,&rdquo; he
says. &ldquo;We have seen an unprecedented increase in Native American health
professional students, and she is the reason.&rdquo;



 Metoxen has also expanded outreach to prospective students in tribal
communities. One of her most successful strategies has been to utilize NACHP's
digital mentoring website, called We Are Healers. The website showcases short,
engaging videos of American Indian people working in health professions and
provides a behind-the-scenes look at their jobs. These stories help American
Indian students explore health fields and connect to mentorship tools and
resources.



 Although NACHP's efforts have proven successful, Dr. Audrey Tluczek, an
associate professor of nursing, says there is still one significant gap in the
health professions recruited: nursing. The five-year IHS INMED grant that funds
part of NACHP's efforts expressly excludes this profession due to separate
funding available for nursing through other federal organizations.



 &ldquo;Nurses represent the largest workforce not only in tribal clinics, but
nationwide, so it's a logical starting place if you want to improve the cultural
sensitivity of health care,&rdquo; says Tluczek, adding that even the
reservation health clinics are staffed by a non-Native majority. &ldquo;Nurses
tend to have the most interaction with patients, and only 0.4 percent of
Wisconsin nurses identify as being American Indian or Alaska Natives.&rdquo;



 Tluczek first became involved when the Great Lakes Inter-tribal Council (GLITC)
began a survey of nursing practices in Indian country. The results were
troubling. According to the project's report, there was evidence of cultural
biases, lack of understanding about American Indian culture and lack of
knowledge about the health disparities among American Indian people in
Wisconsin.



 GLITC reached out to Tluczek, who was then the chair of the Equity and
Diversity Committee for the School of Nursing, to work on a Wisconsin
Partnership grant to address these issues. &ldquo;Ineffective communication,
biases and misunderstanding can have unintended consequences, such as
misdiagnoses or inadequate treatment,&rdquo; Tluczek says. She also points out
that if a patient is dissatisfied with the relationship with their healthcare
provider, it could lead to an avoidance of seeking health care.
 GLITC was awarded the grant, &ldquo;Increasing Cultural Congruence among Nurses
in Wisconsin,&rdquo; and initiated a series of &ldquo;talking circles&rdquo; at
four Indian Health Service Clinics and one in Milwaukee.



 &ldquo;Traditional talking circles have been used by indigenous cultures of
North American as a way of addressing important issues, educating and problem
solving,&rdquo; says Tluczek. Based on the results gathered from pre and post
evaluations, the series was a great success. Participating nurses reported a
significant improvement in their understanding of American Indian culture,
recognition of discrimination and racial bias and a greater appreciation for the
value of incorporating traditional American Indian culture into their work.



 The grant also allowed GLITC and the School of Nursing, along with NACHP to
host the Native Nations Nursing Summit this last November, where over 100
nurses, college and high school students, university advisors, tribal educators,
counselors and community members came together to discuss issues and brainstorm
solutions surrounding American Indian access to nursing careers.



 Tluczek is also awaiting news of a recently submitted grant proposal for a
program named STREAM, Success Through Retention, Engagement and Mentoring for
American Indian Students Pursuing Nursing Careers. STREAM would allow the School
of Nursing to collaborate with Metoxen and NACHP to create a pathway from
American Indian communities to the profession of nursing.



 Mel Freitag, director of diversity initiatives in the School of Nursing
co-wrote the grant with Tluczek and emphasizes that the feeling of belonging is
key to academic success. The grant would provide a structured cohort or a
supportive community of peers for American Indian students to rely on. The
cohorts would work closely together and meet during monthly talking circles
facilitated by Metoxen and NACHP. Freitag also plans to continue efforts to
ensure American Indian students are engaged with UW-Madison advisors and NACHP
faculty who can connect them to resources and opportunities and assess bigger
picture academic and career goal as they plan for graduation.



 Tluczek hopes that the program would eventually lead to more American Indian
graduate students, faculty, and staff on campus. &ldquo;We want to see more
American Indian leaders and role models,&rdquo; says Tluczek. &ldquo;Diversity
is the path to excellence in education and would ultimately improve the quality
of our teaching.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Folk dance performers come together for Hislop's festival

BYLINE: Abha Goradia

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 379 words


Nagpur: A melange of tribal dance performances from Central India were brought
together on one stage. Hislop College, Civil Lines, hosted the Tribal and Folk
Dance Festival as part of its heritage sensitization drive, sponsored by
University Grants Commission (UGC).On Saturday and Sunday, Gond Nritya and Baiga
Pardhani of Madhya Pradesh, Lingo nritya of Maharashtra and Panthi Nritya and
Gour Madiya of Chattisgarh were presented. The groups sang native songs live on
stage, sometimes without mic, with full gusto.

Lingo nritya performers saw the men wearing bright yellow shirts and straw
skirts whereas the women were dressed in maroon saris. Gour Madiya performers
came with long drums, their costumes colourful and quirky. In all the
performances, the headgears worn by the men were unique and bizarre, enhancing
the experience of watching the performance. The songs were melodious and
supported by a set pattern of drum beats. The formations on stage and the idea
of community dancing were important features of the festival. Around 74 tribal
artistes from Central India performed in the festival. The programme was
comp\xE8red by All India Radio artiste Syed Shirin and faculty Jigisha Naidu.The
festival was organized on occasion of Hislop College being granted a heritage
status by UGC. It is the only college in Central India to conduct a
UGC-sponsored certificate course in heritage and culture studies. As part of the
heritage sensitization drive, a rally was conducted to introduce students to
various heritage spots such as excavation sites in Ubali village, Kalmeshwar and
Mansar; Nagardhan and Gavilgarh forts and Muktagiri temple. An exhibition of
heritage photographs was inaugurated by mayor Nanda Jichkar on Saturday.
Principal Dipti Christian said, "We have about 500 books in the library which
are more than 100 years old. We will be digitizing them. This initiative has
been undertaken so that the youth of today can understand our rich heritage and
culture," she said. The college has also launched a certificate course - culture
and heritage studies.The awareness drive was done in collaboration with St
Ursula High School while the dance programme was conducted with support from
South Central Zone Cultural Centre.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Washington: Inclusive Digital Collection Infrastructure and Community Archives

LENGTH: 919  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Institute of Museum and Library Services has issued the
following news release:



 IMLS recently announced 41 awards made through the National Leadership Grants
for Libraries program (NLG), the Laura Bush 21st Century Librarian program
(LB21), and Sparks! Ignition Grants for Libraries program (Sparks). Among these
awards, we are pleased to support a number of projects engaging community
archives and building infrastructure for inclusive digital collections. The five
projects highlighted in this post represent a total investment of over $1.1
million. Click the log number for each grant to access more information,
including selected documents from each grant proposal.Engaging communities



 Two of the projects funded in this cycle are based on direct engagement with
users to broaden the reach and impact of community memory initiatives. These
projects will create resources for community archives and tribal libraries to
better engage their users with direct input from communities as a basis of the
funded work.





 A $48,743 NLG planning grant awarded to Shift Design (LG-72-16-0113-16) will
support work by Historypin (link is external) (a free international platform for
sharing culture and heritage), and multiple tribal libraries in New Mexico and
California to develop an online and in-person community memory program. The
program will build capacity, strengthen communities, and decrease social
isolation through technology training and intergenerational programming centered
on shared cultural heritage. The planning process will work toward a simple and
scalable digital program with training and evaluation modules that can be
successfully deployed within the limits of under-resourced rural tribal
libraries.



 As community memory initiatives and community archives proliferate, the need
for these institutions to self-evaluate their impact increases. Responding to
this need, the University of California Los Angeles (RE-31-16-0117-16) received
an LB21 early career development grant of $325,000 to research the users and
uses of community archives. Dr. Michelle Caswell will study several questions
related to the use and users of community archives, centered on the needs of
LGBTQ communities and communities of color. Building on Dr. Caswell's previous
work in this area, the research will investigate the impact of independent,
community-based Southern California archives on the individuals and communities
they serve. The project will result in an open assessment toolkit for community
archives to study and assess their own users and uses.



 Building tools and infrastructure



 In addition to engaging communities with archives and cultural heritage
practices, several other projects will develop tools to facilitate participation
in national digital collections for a diverse group of institutions. These
projects will reduce barriers to sharing community collections on a larger scale
and make our national digital infrastructure more inclusive.Washington State
University (WSU) received an NLG project grant (LG-70-16-0054-16), with $641,832
provided as cost share, to extend the functionality of the free and open source
platform Mukurtu, a content management system and community archive platform
built with indigenous communities to manage and share digital cultural heritage.
Working with institutional partners at the University of Hawaii's Department of
Linguistics, the Alaska Native Language Archives, the University of Oregon
Libraries, the University of Wisconsin's SLIS program, the Wisconsin Library
Services, and Yale University's Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library, WSU
will create a set of national Mukurtu Hubs. Hubs will contribute to the ongoing
development and deployment of the platform, as well as provide training and
support to tribal archives, libraries, and museums. The project will expand the
reach of the software and ensure its sustainability. IMLS has previously funded
Mukurtu development work and community-building; see this post for additional
information.



 While Mukurtu was developed specifically for culturally sensitive information
management, additional work is needed to support related systems and protocols.
Northeastern University received an NLG national forum grant of $98,822
(LG-73-16-0126-16) to hold a series of meetings to inform the development of a
teaching and learning toolkit focused on the handling of diversity within the
design of information management systems, interfaces, and protocols. The toolkit
will address the effects of tools and interfaces on interactions with documents
and items, the influence of knowledge representation and other forces on the
design of tools and interfaces, and other related topics.



 Despite the existence of national digital collections platforms, many
institutions are unable to participate due to a lack of expertise or equipment.
The University of Wisconsin received a $20,772 Sparks grant (SP-02-16-0015-16)
to build, document, and test two portable, shippable equipment kits, one to
digitize at-risk audio and video formats, and the other to rescue data from
obsolete digital storage media. The project will produce detailed written and
video documentation on building and using the kits. Similar kits could be used
by institutions without in-house equipment, as well as to provide hands-on
experience to online library and information science students.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Reducing Health Disparities Among Minority and Underserved Children (R01)

LENGTH: 751  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    PA-17-118



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Reducing Health Disparities Among Minority and Underserved Children (R01)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.173 -- Research Related to Deafness and Communication Disorders

    93.361 -- Nursing Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Jan 09, 2017



         Last Updated Date:

         Jan 09, 2017



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         May 07, 2020



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         May 07, 2020



         Archive Date:

         Jun 07, 2020



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Private institutions of higher education

      Independent school districts

      County governments

      City or township governments

      State governments

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      Small businesses



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This initiative encourages research that targets the reduction of health
disparities among children. Investing in early childhood development is
essential. Specific targeted areas of research include bio-behavioral studies
that incorporate multiple factors that influence child health disparities such
as biological (e.g., genetics, cellular, organ systems), lifestyle factors,
environmental (e.g., physical and family environments) social (e.g., peers),
economic, institutional, and cultural and family influences; studies that target
the specific health promotion needs of children with a known health condition
and/or disability; and studies that test, evaluate, translate, and disseminate
health promotion prevention and interventions conducted in traditional and non
-traditional settings.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/PA-17-118.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

EPA Awards $270K for Environmental and Health Projects in New England
Communities

LENGTH: 1195 words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued
the following news release:



  EPA has awarded 12 grants across New England under its 2016 Healthy
Communities Grant Program, totaling approximately $270,566, to fund community
projects addressing environmental and public health issues. The projects will
reduce environmental risks, protect and improve human health, and improve the
quality of life for communities and residents across New England.





 The Healthy Communities Grant Program combines resources from several EPA
programs to strategically address the environmental and public health issues
burdening New England communities. Contributing programs include Assistance &
Pollution Prevention; Asthma; Children's Environmental Health and Clean, Green
and Healthy Schools Initiative; Toxics; Urban Environmental Program; and Water
Infrastructure (Stormwater, Wastewater, and Drinking Water). The program has
competitively selected projects that will: assess, understand, and reduce
environmental and human health risks; increase collaboration through
community-based projects; build institutional and community capacity to
understand and solve environmental and human health problems; advance emergency
preparedness and resilience; and achieve measurable environmental and human
health benefits in communities across New England.



 The projects that have been awarded funding must meet several criteria
including: (1) location in /or directly benefit one or more of the EPA's
identified Target Investment Areas; and (2) identify how the proposed project
will achieve measurable environmental and/or public health results in one or
more of the EPA's identified Target Program Areas. In 2016, the Target
Investment Areas included: Areas at Risk from Climate Change Impacts,
Environmental Justice Areas of Potential Concern, Making a Visible Difference
(MVD) Communities, and Sensitive Populations. Target Program Areas included:
Clean, Green and Healthy Schools; Community and Water Infrastructure Resilience;
Healthy Indoor Environments; Healthy Outdoor Environments; and Tribal Youth
Environmental Programs.



 "EPA is very proud to provide much-needed funding to so many deserving projects
in communities throughout New England states," said Curt Spalding, regional
administrator of EPA's New England office. "Our Healthy Communities Grants make
a real difference advancing local projects that result in a cleaner environment
that benefits people's lives."



 The grants were awarded to the following recipients:



 CONNECTICUT



 Charter Oaks Communities was awarded $25,000 for their "Fairgate Farm Community
Composting Initiative" project. The project seeks to expand the recently
launched Fairgate Farm Community Composting Initiative to educate Stamford's
West Side residents and businesses about composting by providing one-on-one
outreach, hands-on composting demonstrations, and educational resources about
the benefits of composting to educate residents, community partners, and
volunteers. Additionally, the project team will distribute 5 and 50 gallon
containers for compost collection and manage weekly compost drop-offs at seven
local organizations. Project partners include: City of Stamford; Food Bank of
Lower Fairfield County; Connecticut Food Bank; Franklin Street Works; New
Covenant Center; Schofield Manor; Shop Rite; and Starbucks.



 The Center of Ecological Technology was awarded $20,000 for their "Don't Waste
Bridgeport" project. The project seeks to reduce the quantity of wasted food by
working with target wasted food generators in Bridgeport including K-12
public/private schools, venues, grocers, healthcare facilities, colleges/
universities, hospitality facilities, and food rescue/donation organizations to
reduce, donate, and compost as much wasted food as possible with the ultimate
goal of reducing environmental impacts and getting needed food to residents in
need. Project partners include: Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport
(CCGB); Betsy & Jessie Fink Foundation; Community Plates; and Connecticut
Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.



 MAINE



 Wabanaki Health Wellness was awarded $25,000 for their "WaYS to Healthy
Communities" project. The project seeks meld science and traditional ecological
knowledge into an interactive curriculum for grades 6-12 to develop awareness
among tribal youth regarding environmental stewardship as it relates to healthy
community ecosystems, land and water. Three key activities include providing
seasonal "mini-earth" camps for students, hosting a week-long camp for high
school students and providing mentor/mentee internships at the greenhouses on
tribal lands throughout Maine. Project partners include the Aroostook Band of
Micmacs; Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians; Passamaquoddy Tribe at Pleasant Point
and Indian Township; and the Penobscot Indian Nation.



 MASSACHUSETTS



 Neighborhood of Affordable Housing was awarded $15,000 for their "ClimateCARE
East Boston" project. This project seeks to design and distribute bilingual
(Spanish & English) education materials on climate change environmental impacts
to residents, promoting a basement toxics clean-out program in homes/businesses,
and convening an Adaptive Planning Work Group to address climate change impacts.
Project Partners include: UMass Boston School for the Environment.



 North Brookfield Public Schools was awarded $24,615 for their "NB CARES
(Conservation and Reduction Equals Success)" project. This project seeks to
enable the district to address portions of both the District Improvement Plan
and the town's Capital Improvement Plan by increasing environmental education
opportunities for students on of how to improve indoor environmental quality,
promoting greener hygiene and cleaning practices throughout the school district,
and replacing inefficient plumbing fixtures throughout the district that impact
water quality issues Project partners include: Bay Path Regional Vocational High
School.



 Boston Public Health Commission was awarded $24,790 for their "Promoting
Occupational Health" project. This project seeks to help to improve the quality
of the indoor environment in Boston hair salons by promoting the use of
alternative products and practices to decrease the amount of hazardous chemicals
being used. This will result in less indoor/outdoor air pollution from organic
solvents and other volatile chemicals due to replacement with alternatives;
decreased risk for health impacts for workers due to reduced exposure to
chemicals, dust, and injury risks at work; reduction in solid waste and
soil/water contamination; and a measurable contribution to improving Boston's
environment by reducing adverse health effects associated with exposure to
environmental hazards. Project partners include: The Safe Shop; University of
Massachusetts (TURI); Massachusetts Healthy Cosmology Committee (HCC); Black
Women for Wellness; Epiphany Hair Care Studio; Brandies University; Clean Water
Action; and Massachusetts Office of Technical Assistance (OTA).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

EPA Awards $270K for Environmental and Health Projects in New England
Communities

LENGTH: 1195 words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued
the following news release:



  EPA has awarded 12 grants across New England under its 2016 Healthy
Communities Grant Program, totaling approximately $270,566, to fund community
projects addressing environmental and public health issues. The projects will
reduce environmental risks, protect and improve human health, and improve the
quality of life for communities and residents across New England.





 The Healthy Communities Grant Program combines resources from several EPA
programs to strategically address the environmental and public health issues
burdening New England communities. Contributing programs include Assistance &
Pollution Prevention; Asthma; Children's Environmental Health and Clean, Green
and Healthy Schools Initiative; Toxics; Urban Environmental Program; and Water
Infrastructure (Stormwater, Wastewater, and Drinking Water). The program has
competitively selected projects that will: assess, understand, and reduce
environmental and human health risks; increase collaboration through
community-based projects; build institutional and community capacity to
understand and solve environmental and human health problems; advance emergency
preparedness and resilience; and achieve measurable environmental and human
health benefits in communities across New England.



 The projects that have been awarded funding must meet several criteria
including: (1) location in /or directly benefit one or more of the EPA's
identified Target Investment Areas; and (2) identify how the proposed project
will achieve measurable environmental and/or public health results in one or
more of the EPA's identified Target Program Areas. In 2016, the Target
Investment Areas included: Areas at Risk from Climate Change Impacts,
Environmental Justice Areas of Potential Concern, Making a Visible Difference
(MVD) Communities, and Sensitive Populations. Target Program Areas included:
Clean, Green and Healthy Schools; Community and Water Infrastructure Resilience;
Healthy Indoor Environments; Healthy Outdoor Environments; and Tribal Youth
Environmental Programs.



 "EPA is very proud to provide much-needed funding to so many deserving projects
in communities throughout New England states," said Curt Spalding, regional
administrator of EPA's New England office. "Our Healthy Communities Grants make
a real difference advancing local projects that result in a cleaner environment
that benefits people's lives."



 The grants were awarded to the following recipients:



 CONNECTICUT



 Charter Oaks Communities was awarded $25,000 for their "Fairgate Farm Community
Composting Initiative" project. The project seeks to expand the recently
launched Fairgate Farm Community Composting Initiative to educate Stamford's
West Side residents and businesses about composting by providing one-on-one
outreach, hands-on composting demonstrations, and educational resources about
the benefits of composting to educate residents, community partners, and
volunteers. Additionally, the project team will distribute 5 and 50 gallon
containers for compost collection and manage weekly compost drop-offs at seven
local organizations. Project partners include: City of Stamford; Food Bank of
Lower Fairfield County; Connecticut Food Bank; Franklin Street Works; New
Covenant Center; Schofield Manor; Shop Rite; and Starbucks.



 The Center of Ecological Technology was awarded $20,000 for their "Don't Waste
Bridgeport" project. The project seeks to reduce the quantity of wasted food by
working with target wasted food generators in Bridgeport including K-12
public/private schools, venues, grocers, healthcare facilities, colleges/
universities, hospitality facilities, and food rescue/donation organizations to
reduce, donate, and compost as much wasted food as possible with the ultimate
goal of reducing environmental impacts and getting needed food to residents in
need. Project partners include: Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport
(CCGB); Betsy & Jessie Fink Foundation; Community Plates; and Connecticut
Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.



 MAINE



 Wabanaki Health Wellness was awarded $25,000 for their "WaYS to Healthy
Communities" project. The project seeks meld science and traditional ecological
knowledge into an interactive curriculum for grades 6-12 to develop awareness
among tribal youth regarding environmental stewardship as it relates to healthy
community ecosystems, land and water. Three key activities include providing
seasonal "mini-earth" camps for students, hosting a week-long camp for high
school students and providing mentor/mentee internships at the greenhouses on
tribal lands throughout Maine. Project partners include the Aroostook Band of
Micmacs; Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians; Passamaquoddy Tribe at Pleasant Point
and Indian Township; and the Penobscot Indian Nation.



 MASSACHUSETTS



 Neighborhood of Affordable Housing was awarded $15,000 for their "ClimateCARE
East Boston" project. This project seeks to design and distribute bilingual
(Spanish & English) education materials on climate change environmental impacts
to residents, promoting a basement toxics clean-out program in homes/businesses,
and convening an Adaptive Planning Work Group to address climate change impacts.
Project Partners include: UMass Boston School for the Environment.



 North Brookfield Public Schools was awarded $24,615 for their "NB CARES
(Conservation and Reduction Equals Success)" project. This project seeks to
enable the district to address portions of both the District Improvement Plan
and the town's Capital Improvement Plan by increasing environmental education
opportunities for students on of how to improve indoor environmental quality,
promoting greener hygiene and cleaning practices throughout the school district,
and replacing inefficient plumbing fixtures throughout the district that impact
water quality issues Project partners include: Bay Path Regional Vocational High
School.



 Boston Public Health Commission was awarded $24,790 for their "Promoting
Occupational Health" project. This project seeks to help to improve the quality
of the indoor environment in Boston hair salons by promoting the use of
alternative products and practices to decrease the amount of hazardous chemicals
being used. This will result in less indoor/outdoor air pollution from organic
solvents and other volatile chemicals due to replacement with alternatives;
decreased risk for health impacts for workers due to reduced exposure to
chemicals, dust, and injury risks at work; reduction in solid waste and
soil/water contamination; and a measurable contribution to improving Boston's
environment by reducing adverse health effects associated with exposure to
environmental hazards. Project partners include: The Safe Shop; University of
Massachusetts (TURI); Massachusetts Healthy Cosmology Committee (HCC); Black
Women for Wellness; Epiphany Hair Care Studio; Brandies University; Clean Water
Action; and Massachusetts Office of Technical Assistance (OTA).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

BYLINE: MARA VAN ELLS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 519 words


Bismarck Tribune

United Tribes Technical College is in the formative stages of a training
initiative designed to tackle severe unemployment rates on reservations while
meeting workforce demands.

UTTC is leading the Tribal College Consortium for Developing Montana and North
Dakota Workforce project, a consortium of four tribal colleges that was awarded
$18.9 million through the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and
Career Training Grant Program in October. UTTC President David Gipp said it is
the largest single grant the college has received in his 35 years of serving as
director.

"It's a huge deal ... we're all excited about it and I think the college is
receptive and everything," said Dave L. Archambault II, UTTC program director
said.

Archambault said on some reservations, unemployment is as high as 60 percent.

"We also know there are high-paying, high-demand jobs in North Dakota," he said.
"We're looking at what kind of opportunities are available and what we can do to
better implement those trainings."

Before receiving the grant, each of the colleges approached stakeholders in the
community to find out what jobs were in demand in the area. UTTC will be using
its $8 million allotment to build space for training programs in welding and
geographic information systems, and expanding its energy auditor and electrician
programs over the next three years. The electrician program will likely start in
February, the welding program will be introduced in April and the GIS and energy
auditor programs will begin in mid-August.

Gipp described the program as a "more systematic" approach to poverty issues in
the region.

"We have really designed the beginnings of some true partnerships between
colleges participating and the kind of training we'll do and how it will link to
employers in the region," he said.

The programs will have accelerated progress, meeting five days a week, eight
hours a day, to speed up the graduation process. Students who complete the
program will receive a National Career Readiness Certificate. Graduates also
will receive entrepreneurship ideas or tools to use in case they want to be
self-employed, Archambault said.

"It would be possible through new skills they've acquired," he said.

Archambault said he hopes the four colleges will hold monthly webinars,
conference calls or Skype conversations with one another.

"It's important that we ... come together to share ideas and ways to facilitate
the process. We all need to be on the same page and work on this together," he
said.

"It's a huge program and we want to make sure it's successful," Archambault
said.

The three other colleges participating are Aaniiih Nakoda College of Harlem,
Mont.; Fort Peck Community College of Poplar, Mont.; and Cankdeska Cikana
Community College of Fort Totten.

"I think it can make a difference in what has been generational poverty. And we
know there is a lot of young people that want to get out there and want a good
life for themselves, a good life for their families," Gipp said. "From that
point of view, it's very exciting and we're going to make this thing make a
difference."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       May 4, 2013 Saturday 7:39 PM  EST

CHANGING ROLE OF GOVERNMENT IN TOURISM SECTOR FROM REGULATOR TO CATALYST, ANNUAL
REPORT OF MINISTRY OF TOURISM FOR YEAR 2012-13 RELEASED

LENGTH: 642 words


NEW DELHI, May 4 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The role of Government in tourism development has been redefined from that of a
regulator to that of a catalyst. Apart from marketing and promotion, the focus
of tourism development plans is now on integrated development of enabling
infrastructure through effective partnership with various stake holders. As per
the working strategy for the 12th five year plan the Ministry of Tourism has
adopted a 'pro-poor tourism' approach which could contribute significantly to
poverty reduction. This has been stated in the Annual Report of the Ministry of
Tourism for the year 2012-13 released here today.

The report says that the Ministry of Tourism has been making sustained efforts
to augment the tourism infrastructure across the country. Detailed discussions
were held with the State and UT Governments to prioritise projects to be taken
up for funding during the year 2012-13 and out of the 54 Mega tourism projects
identified, 40 have already been sanctioned till the end of January, 2013. The
mega projects are a judicious mix of culture, heritage, spiritual and
eco-tourism and aim to give tourists a holistic perspective.

According to the report, more than half of Tourism Ministry's Plan budget is
channelized for funding the development of destinations, circuits, mega projects
as also for rural tourism infrastructure projects. The Ministry of Tourism
ensured that 10% and 2.5% of its total Annual Plan outlay went to the tourism
projects in the North-Eastern region and the tribal areas respectively.

The Annual report says that under the 'Hunar se Rozgaar' scheme of the Ministry
the addition of more trades/training areas like Drivers, Golf caddies, Stone
Mason, Security Guards and Tourist Facilitators etc. has been a significant step
to reduce the skill gap effecting the hospitality and tourism sector. During the
last financial year, 21,175 persons were trained under this initiative up to
January 31, 2013. Innovative approaches are being adopted by the Ministry to
augment the training output and to reach newer areas. Such initiatives include
the Training of sentenced prisoners at various jails, Training of physically
challenged persons (deaf and dumb), Training of Children Home Inmates, and
Heritage, Heritage Walk Escorts and Trainings to providers, Nature Guides etc.

To ensure the contribution of tourism in the development of remote and backward
areas in the country, 2.5% of total plan outlay of Ministry of Tourism from
2012-13 was earmarked for tribal areas under Tribal Sub Plan (TSP). The mega
projects are a judicious mix of culture, heritage, spiritual and eco-tourism and
aim to give tourists a holistic perspective.

The scheme of Rural Tourism was started by the Ministry in 2002-03 with the
objective of showcasing rural life, are, culture and heritage at rural locations
and in villages. Rural tourism projects at 186 villages in 29 states/Union
territories have been sanctioned by the Ministry of Tourism since the inception
of the scheme. 56 of these sites are located in the North-Eastern region.

The Ministry has also decided to bring hospitality education into the mainstream
through Government vocational schools, Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs),
polytechnic institutes, Government colleges, Universities and Public Sector
Undertakings. The Central assistance will be available to all. The assistance
can be utilized for creation of infrastructure necessary for the conduct of
courses/ training. Under the policy of broad-basing of hospitality education,
grants have so far been provided to 31 ITIs, 7 degree colleges, 4 Polytechnics,
26 Schools and 15 Universities to start new hospitality courses. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 17, 2015 Tuesday

Oregon: Future Stewards: New grant aids Native grad students

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Salem: University of Oregon, The State of Oregon has issued the following
news release:



 Helping Native American and Alaska Native students in K-12 and college programs
has pretty much been Kelly LaChance&rsquo;s life work. Now the UO and her tribe
are returning the favor.





 LaChance is the first recipient of a new Future Stewards Program grant to help
her complete a doctorate in education and further her work in Indian education.
The idea behind the program is to help Native American students earn advanced
degrees and develop skills and knowledge that will help them help their tribes.



 The Future Stewards Program is a joint effort between the UO and the nine
federally recognized tribes in Oregon. The UO Graduate School agrees to cover
two years of graduate student tuition for award recipients, and the
student&rsquo;s tribe is asked to cover mandatory student fees and the cost of
health insurance and provide a stipend for other expenses.



 LaChance already was working at the UO in the Sapsik&rsquo;wala Teacher Project
and has been attending graduate school since summer 2015. She heard about the
program at a meeting between the university president and Tribal leaders in
September. Within two weeks, she and representatives of the Confederated Tribes
of Siletz Indians put together an application, and she was in.



 &ldquo;It worked out great, because graduate school is very expensive,&rdquo;
LaChance said. &ldquo;It was a real blessing for me to be able to receive
this.&rdquo;



 LaChance is pursuing a doctorate in educational leadership with an emphasis in
equity leadership in the College of Education&rsquo;s Department of Educational
Methodology, Policy and Leadership. After completing her degree, she plans to
continue working in Indian Education focusing on tribal, federal and state
initiatives.



 Growing up in Siletz, LaChance started working for her tribe when she was 14
years old in summer youth programs. She went on to work in various tribal
positions before obtaining her undergraduate degree from Southern Oregon
University, where her senior capstone project was developing pathways of success
for Native American and Alaska Native students in higher education.



 She attended Colorado State University and graduated with a master&rsquo;s
degree in education. Her master&rsquo;s program focus was preserving the tribal
voice in cultural education. She created a model for tribes to use in
development of their cultural education programs.



 LaChance is a first-generation college graduate. That has become a tradition,
with her oldest daughter graduating from the UO last year and her youngest
graduating this spring.



 The aim of the Future Stewards Program is to help more students like LaChance
get an advanced education and return to their tribes to support traditional
culture, build education opportunities and promote economic development. Up to
five awards will be made each year.



 &ldquo;I&rsquo;m very proud the UO is taking this necessary step in providing
opportunities for Native American graduate students,&rdquo; said Jason Younker,
assistant vice president and advisor to the president on sovereign nations.
&ldquo;Not only does the Future Stewards Program empower tribal scholars, the
partnerships created with Oregon&rsquo;s nine federally recognized tribes will
reap benefits within tribal communities for generations to come.&rdquo;



 The Future Stewards Program was announced as the UO celebrates Native American
Heritage Month. A story on other events and a video are available here.



 For this academic year, the awards are available to current graduate students,
and funds are still available. Anyone wishing to apply must submit application
materials by Dec. 1; information is available here. For next academic year, new
and current UO students may apply by March 1, 2016.



 For the 2016-17 academic year, graduate students new to the UO will have
priority. Applications for next year&rsquo;s awards are due by March 1. If
funding remains after initial awards are made, a second round or applications
will be considered, with a deadline of Sept. 1.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

Leveraging Existing Resources for Research on Lewy Body Dementia (R03)

LENGTH: 773  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-016



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Leveraging Existing Resources for Research on Lewy Body Dementia (R03)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.866 -- Aging Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 10, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 10, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 13, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:

         $50,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Private institutions of higher education

      County governments

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      State governments

      Special district governments

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Independent school districts

      Small businesses

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      City or township governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      The purpose of this FOA is to invite research applications proposing to
investigate the clinical, imaging, or physiological characteristics of subjects
with dementia and parkinsonism (Lewy Body Dementia) using previously-collected
data available in the Alzheimers Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI)/National
Alzheimer's Coordinating Center (NACC) and/or the Parkinsons Disease Biomarker
Program (PDBP) databases. Research should focus on identifying clinical or
biological attributes that could serve to 1) lead to early diagnosis, 2) improve
differential diagnosis, and/or 3) lead to the identification of potential
therapeutic targets. Applicants must propose to use data in at least one of the
ADNI or PDBP databases, but may include the use of other previously-collected
data if such data is scientifically relevant and of comparable quality.
Applicants are not expected or encouraged to collect new data.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-016.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Montana job-training support stems from Tester-backed legislation

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jon Tester, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator Jon Tester is fulfilling his pledge to make sure Montanans get the
skills they need for the jobs of today - as well as the jobs of tomorrow.

Tester today announced that Montana colleges will receive nearly $15 million
from the U.S. Labor Department to support job-training programs in the health
care field. The funding stems from legislation that Tester supported in 2009
that helps community colleges and other schools start or expand job training or
re-training initiatives to help workers get high-wage and high-skill jobs.

Montana's initiative will be led by Missoula College and focus on training for
Montana's health care industry. Fifteen two-year, community colleges and tribal
colleges will work with healthcare providers statewide to implement the program.

"When we combine Montanans' work ethic with the skills needed to succeed, our
communities and families benefit," Tester said. "These resources will help our
top-ranked schools train Montanans to improve our health care system and make
our state an even healthier place to live and work. I'm proud to help bring
folks together to move our state forward."

Tester wrote a letter of support earlier this year backing Montana's grant
proposal. Montana's grant is part of a larger, nationwide effort to ensure the
nation's workers have the skills they need in the 21st century economy.

Montana's grant will focus on finding ways to address Montana's nursing
shortages, increase student achievement and access, and streamline pathways for
earning a career certificate or degree in the health care industry.

The following Montana schools will receive funding:

o Bitterroot College UM 158,789.00
o Blackfeet Community College 637,940.00
o City College MSUB 637,940.00
o Chief Dull Knife College 158,789.00
o Flathead Valley Community College 638,940.00
o Gallatin College MSU 158,789.00
o Great Falls College MSU 637,940.00
o Helena College UM 637,940.00
o Miles Community College 637,940.00
o Missoula College UM 7,934,206.00
o MSU Northern 637,940.00
o Highlands College MT Tech 637,940.00
o UM Western 145,132.00
o Salish Kootenai College 386,882.00
o Stone Child College 158,789.00
o US DOL Required Grant Evaluation 782,691.00
o Total 14,988,587.00

The funding is part of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and
Career Training (TAACCCT) competitive grant program, which is run by the Labor
Department and Education Department.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2011

States higher education pipeline ranks tops in national study

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 512  words


Seamless transfer among North Dakota University System institutions has led to a
first-place ranking in college completion rates for students who begin at
two-year colleges and transfer to four-year universities, according to a June
30, 2011, report by the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education.

Titled Failure to Connect: Tuition Crisis Puts Even Community College Path to
Graduation out of Reach, the report outlines the center's recommendations for
improving affordabil-ity, transfer and baccalaureate degree completion. The
study counts those students who earn both associate and bachelor's degrees
twice; using this formula, North Dakota earned a 74 percent completion rate
compared to a 33 percent national average.

"Access to affordable high-quality higher education is the top priority of" the
State Board of Higher Education," said Bill Goetz, North Dakota University
System chancellor. "There is a direct link between the success reflected in this
study and the board's policy-driven agenda. This report speaks to the strength
of one unified system of higher education for all state public higher education
institutions."

A summary of key report strategies for state policy improvement and the related
practices already in place in North Dakota include the following:

Improve Affordability: North Dakota community colleges held even the cost of
tuition for the 2009-10 and 2010-11 academic years, and the same practice is in
place for 2011 -12 and 2012-13. State general fund appropriations for need and
academic-based scholarships increased more than $24 million for the same time
period: this funding is distributed to North Dakota public, tribal and private
college students. The effect of these two significant actions was not reflected
in the 10-year period covered in this report, but the additional funding has
significantly improved affordability in North Dakota.

Develop a Reliable. Robust Transfer System: To support seamless transfer in
North Dakota, State Board of Higher Education policies have been revised and
University System procedures have been updated. Significant enhancements
include:

General Education Requirements Transfer Agreement: This policy requires that
general education courses completed at one North Dakota campus meet the
requirements of all 11 campuses. These agreements now include the five North
Dakota tribal colleges.

Common Course Numbering: Not all courses are common, but those that are have the
same prefix. title and course number, which helps students avoid repeating
course material they've already mastered.

Articulation and Transfer Agreements: These agreements help students transfer
from other states or transfer courses within majors.

Collaborative Student Process: Students enroll seamlessly on multiple campuses
to access required courses, a functionality uniquely available to University
System students.

Participation in the W1CHE Passport Initiative: This initiative extends the
University System's approach to seamless transfer to the 15-state Western
Interstate Commission for Higher Education region.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Tester Pushes to Create Montana Jobs, Empower Native American
Entrepreneurs

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jon Tester is sponsoring legislation to create jobs and empower
Native American entrepreneurs in Montana and across the country.





 Tester's bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will create
new opportunities for entrepreneurs by establishing and funding business
incubators in Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate Native
American-owned small businesses.



 "Montanans in Indian Country face unique obstacles when they take their
business from the drawing board to a storefront in their communities," said
Tester, a member of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. "By providing Native
American entrepreneurs with the space, networking, and resources to start a
business, they can launch their careers and hire folks locally."



 Tester's bill will provide Native American entrepreneurs with the training to
deal with the regulatory uncertainty, remoteness, and difficulty accessing
capital that limits many start-ups in Indian Country.



 Tester's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive grant initiative
within the Interior Department to establish or maintain business incubators that
serve Native American communities.



 Tribal business incubators are a physical space for Native American
entrepreneurs to receive assistance developing a business plan that navigates
federal, tribal, and state regulations and attracts outside investment. The
incubators will also provide entrepreneurs a digitally connected workspace and
professional networking opportunities.



 Eligible grant applicants include Tribes, institutions of higher education,
Tribal Colleges and Universities, and non-profit organizations. To be considered
for a grant, eligible applicants must submit a comprehensive three-year plan,
provide a site description of a physical workspace, offer business skills
training and education, and meet other specific requirements.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Leveraging Existing Resources for Research on Lewy Body Dementia (R03)

LENGTH: 773  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-NS-17-016



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Leveraging Existing Resources for Research on Lewy Body Dementia (R03)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.866 -- Aging Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 10, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Feb 10, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 13, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:

         $50,000



         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      County governments

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Small businesses

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      City or township governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Private institutions of higher education

      Independent school districts

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Special district governments

      State governments

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      The purpose of this FOA is to invite research applications proposing to
investigate the clinical, imaging, or physiological characteristics of subjects
with dementia and parkinsonism (Lewy Body Dementia) using previously-collected
data available in the Alzheimers Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI)/National
Alzheimer's Coordinating Center (NACC) and/or the Parkinsons Disease Biomarker
Program (PDBP) databases. Research should focus on identifying clinical or
biological attributes that could serve to 1) lead to early diagnosis, 2) improve
differential diagnosis, and/or 3) lead to the identification of potential
therapeutic targets. Applicants must propose to use data in at least one of the
ADNI or PDBP databases, but may include the use of other previously-collected
data if such data is scientifically relevant and of comparable quality.
Applicants are not expected or encouraged to collect new data.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-016.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Washington: U.S. Department of Education Releases Report on First-Ever School
Environment Listening Tour for Native American Students

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education released the School Environment Listening
Sessions Final Report today on the first-ever tribal listening tour to hear from
schools and communities on ways to better meet the unique educational and
culturally related academic needs of Native American students. The report was
announced at the 46th annual National Indian Education Association Convention.





 "If we are going to live up to our promise as a nation where every child truly
has fair shot at success, we have to do more to improve opportunities and
educational outcomes for Native youth. The listening tour revealed too many
stories of school environments that rather than building on the strengths of
Native youth, are stifling their potential," said William Mendoza, executive
director of the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native
Education (WHIAIANE). "We need to ensure that every student has a supportive and
a safe environment."



 WHIAIANE held nine school environment listening sessions in seven states from
New York to California to Alaska last year, drawing over 1,000 attendees. The
report summarizes information from the participants on many issues such as
potentially harmful Native imagery and symbolism, bullying, student mental
health, instructional content, and Native languages. Each section of the report
includes a brief description of a common theme found across listening sessions
followed by supporting data and testimonies from youths, parents, teachers, and
others affected by these issues. The report also includes recommendations from
the participants.



 WHIAIANE and the Department's Office for Civil Rights collaborated with tribal
leaders and communities on the listening sessions. Participants in the listening
sessions included Native youth, educators, parents and community advocates. The
information from these sessions will guide WHIAIANE's future work and goals--to
address the unique and culturally related academic needs of American Indian and
Alaska Native students and to ensure that they receive an excellent education.



 In his visit to Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota, President
Obama affirmed the Administration's commitment to strengthen Native American
communities through education and economic development. Following the visit,
President Obama launched the Gen-I Initiative to focus on improving the lives of
Native youth by removing the barriers that stand between Native youth and their
opportunity to succeed. Through new investments and increased engagement, this
initiative takes a comprehensive, culturally appropriate approach to ensure all
young Native people can reach their full potential.



 U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan recently announced the award of more
than $5.3 million in grants under the new Native Youth Community Projects
program to help Native American youth become college-and career-ready. Since his
first trip to Indian Country in 2009, Duncan has engaged directly with tribal
officials on a range of educational issues concerning Native youth.



 The President's FY 2016 budget proposal calls for increased investments across
Indian Country, including a total request of $20.8 billion for a range of
federal programs that serve tribes--a $1.5 billion increase over the
2015-enacted level. The budget proposal includes $53 million for fiscal year
2016--a $50 million increase from this year's budget--to significantly expand
the Native Youth Community Projects program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Information Services to Rural Hospital Flexibility Grantees Program Cooperative
Agreement (Technical Assistance Center)

LENGTH: 737 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    HRSA-17-004



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    Information Services to Rural Hospital Flexibility Grantees Program
Cooperative Agreement (Technical Assistance Center)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:

    https://grants.
hrsa.gov/2010/Web2External/Interface/FundingCycle/ExternalView.aspx?fCycleID=a72
66030-ef5d-43fb-b3ab-0f9189f2f116



    Expected Number of Awards:

    1



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.241 -- State Rural Hospital Flexibility Program



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Oct 27, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 27, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 05, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 05, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Mar 06, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $1,100,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $0



         Award Floor:

         $0









 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Eligible applicants include domestic public or private, non-profit or
for-profit organizations.  Eligible organizations may include State, local, and
Indian tribal governments; institutions of higher education; other non-profit
organizations (including faith-based, community-based, and tribal
organizations); and hospitals. Applicants must have significant experience with
providing technical assistance virtually and onsite to a wide range of
stakeholders, including state and hospital staff.  Expert knowledge and
demonstrable national recognition in the realm of CAH Finance, Performance
Improvement, Quality Improvement, Health Systems Development, Emergency Medical
Services, Community Engagement, Population Health, and Network Development are
required.  Applicants must have established methodologies for the creation and
dissemination of TA related to the aforementioned focus areas.  Applicants must
have demonstrate national-level experience providing rural health-related TA,
and be able to provide, upon request, proof of completed TA products associated
with the focus areas. Foreign entities are not eligible for this award.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      Health Resources and Services Administration



      Description:

      This announcement solicits applications for Information Services to Rural
Hospital Flexibility Program Grantees Cooperative Agreement.  The purpose of
this program is improve quality and financial viability in rural communities
through technical assistance to beneficiaries of FORHP initiatives, such as
grant recipients, Critical Access Hospitals, small rural hospitals, and rural
health networks.  Assistance will be provided in the areas of: financial and
operational performance improvements and benchmarking; community engagement and
population health initiatives; provision of rural emergency medical services;
quality improvement; and building capacity to participate in alternative payment
models.



      Link to Additional Information:





      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      Department of Health and Human Services, Health Resources and Services
Administration mmcneely@hrsa.gov



      Contact MIchael McNeely at (301)443-5812 or email mmcneely@hrsa.gov






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Students dismantle college classroom as union signs MoU, calls off agitation

LENGTH: 352 words

DATELINE: KANGPOKPI


KANGPOKPI, Aug. 23 -- The Students' Union Presidency College Motbung today
concluded its stir following the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding with
the Joint Director, Directorate of Tribal Affairs & Hills, Govt. of Manipur this
morning.

The union's secretary Nemneithem Kipgen said that with the initiative of the
Joint Director TA&H, a Memorandum of Understanding has been signed and
subsequently the agitation has been put to an end this morning.

"Unfortunately before the MoU was signed, some of the agitating students
dismantled one of the College classrooms but we prevented them from causing
further damage", added Nemneithem Kipgen.

She continued that the Directorate of Tribal Affairs and Hills, Manipur has
intimated that due to inadequate funds being released by the Ministry of Tribal
Affairs, Govt of India all the eligible ST students of inside and outside the
state of Manipur from different colleges could not be awarded with the Post
Matric Scholarship during the year 2012-13.

The Memorandum of Understanding signed between the TA&H Department, Govt. of
Manipur and the Students' Union PCM representatives said that, "the TA&H
Department will seek adequate fund from the Ministry of Tribals, Govt. of India
for clearing all backlog ST students of 2012-13 and also of 2011-12 at the
earliest".

It continued that the TA&H Department shall give priority in clearing the due
payment of Post Matric Scholarship of the Presidency College, Motbung and the
Student body shall cease all sorts of agitation.

The Memorandum has been signed by the Joint Director, TA&H, Manipur representing
the government while the Students' Union PCM representatives who signed the MoU
are Nemneithem Kipgen, Lamkam Kipgen and Lhingneihoi Haokip.

In the meantime, Students' Union stated that regular class has been made
compulsory in the college and the teaching staffs, lecturers attend their duty
regularly and faithfully.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

NA Standing Committee hails HEC for holistic Development of Higher Education
Sector

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 98

LENGTH: 890  words


The National Assembly Standing Committee on Education has praised Higher
Education Commission fore holistic development of higher education sector.

According to press release, the 14th meeting of the National Assembly Standing
Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training was held at Higher
Education Commission Secretariat on Wednesday.

Dr. Amirullah Marwat, Chairman of the Standing Committee, presided over the
meeting that was attended by Committee members, Mr. Baleegh-ur-Rehman, Minister
of State for Federal Education, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman HEC as well as
senior management of the Commission. Welcoming the Committee members to HEC, Dr.
Mukhtar Ahmed apprised them of the functions and achievements of HEC since its
inception in 2002.

He briefed the meeting about allocation of grants to public and private sector
universities during 2015-16, proposed development projects of HEC in the PSDP
for financial year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less
Developed Areas, Overseas Scholarship Scheme for MS, MPhil and PhD Programmes,
and steps taken for promotion of higher education in Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA).

The Chairman informed the Committee about HEC's recurring as well as development
grants for 2015-16, and elaborated the development in universities across the
country, particularly during last three years.

He said during 2015-16, Rs. 2000 million were allocated for promotion of
research, Rs. 3000 million for tenure track system, Rs. 625 million for Pakistan
Education and Research Network, Rs. 935 million for Digital Library, Rs. 650
million for Inter University Academic Activities, Rs. 450 million for Technical
Assistance for Capacity Building, Rs. 598 million for different university
programmes, in addition to Rs. 42.2 billion recurring grant for different
categories of universities, including engineering, medical, agriculture,
general, etc.

He said that HEC has formulated the draft PSDP 2016-17 proposal keeping in view
the anticipated allocation of Rs. 25 billion for its ongoing and new initiatives
in line with Vision 2025 and Government's priorities for socio-economic
development of the country.

Referring to the outcome of Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the Chairman said that
scheme covers tuition fee, admission, laboratory, registration, examination,
library, and research related expenditure for MS/MPhil and PhD studies.

He said that initially 59 districts were covered under the scheme, while
currently students from 114 districts are benefitting from this initiative,
adding that a total of 94,751 students have so far benefitted. Areas included
under the Scheme are all districts of Balochistan, whole of FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, Southern Punjab, Interior Sindh, and selected districts of
Punjab, KPK and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.

Terming HEC's overseas scholarship scheme for MS/ MPhil and PhD a flagship
programme, Dr. Mukhtar said that since its inception in 2002, the Commission has
initiated various HRD scholarship programmes from undergraduate to PhD and
post-doctorate level for development of human resource in different fields for
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

Describing different programmes for research, he also highlighted HEC's
zero-tolerance policy towards plagiarism. He also briefed the members about
international collaborations for promotion of higher education in the country.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed underscored the scope of Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan Package
and said that 600 scholarships including 200 overseas and 400 indigenous are
being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan.  He said that HEC
is taking stringent steps for promotion of higher education in Federally
Administered Tribal Areas, including establishment of a university. He said that
HEC scholarships are awarded in accordance with the quota prescribed by the
Government of Pakistan.

He added that specific programmes have been initiated for students hailing from
less developed areas of the country. He said that HEC is encouraging
universities through various initiatives to promote a research culture in the
country. He maintained that different measures are afoot to strengthen
academia-industry linkages so as to derive outcome of research carried out in
universities.

The Chairman also informed the Committee about proposal of building a fund for
promotion of research entitled 'Change Maker' specifically for research on novel
ideas to provide solutions. Highlighting the importance of commercialization of
research, the Chairman said that Offices of Research, Innovation and
Commercialization (ORICs) established in many universities are playing their due
role to market research of faculty and students.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Amirullah Marwat recognized the importance of
various HEC programmes and assured HEC of their complete support. He also
assured HEC of their support to take action against illegal campuses of
universities so that future of students could be safeguarded. He directed the
HEC for releasing parent/ student alerts after every three months to inform the
masses about illegal universities, their campuses and programmes.

Other members of the Committee who attended the meeting included Mr. Mohammad
Nazir Khan, Dr. Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, Ms. Shaista Pervaiz, Ms. Amra Khan, Ms.
Surriya Asghar, and Dr. Imran Khattak.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

NA Standing Committee hails HEC for holistic Development of Higher Education
Sector

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 98

LENGTH: 890  words


The National Assembly Standing Committee on Education has praised Higher
Education Commission fore holistic development of higher education sector.

According to press release, the 14th meeting of the National Assembly Standing
Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training was held at Higher
Education Commission Secretariat on Wednesday.

Dr. Amirullah Marwat, Chairman of the Standing Committee, presided over the
meeting that was attended by Committee members, Mr. Baleegh-ur-Rehman, Minister
of State for Federal Education, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed, Chairman HEC as well as
senior management of the Commission. Welcoming the Committee members to HEC, Dr.
Mukhtar Ahmed apprised them of the functions and achievements of HEC since its
inception in 2002.

He briefed the meeting about allocation of grants to public and private sector
universities during 2015-16, proposed development projects of HEC in the PSDP
for financial year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less
Developed Areas, Overseas Scholarship Scheme for MS, MPhil and PhD Programmes,
and steps taken for promotion of higher education in Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA).

The Chairman informed the Committee about HEC's recurring as well as development
grants for 2015-16, and elaborated the development in universities across the
country, particularly during last three years.

He said during 2015-16, Rs. 2000 million were allocated for promotion of
research, Rs. 3000 million for tenure track system, Rs. 625 million for Pakistan
Education and Research Network, Rs. 935 million for Digital Library, Rs. 650
million for Inter University Academic Activities, Rs. 450 million for Technical
Assistance for Capacity Building, Rs. 598 million for different university
programmes, in addition to Rs. 42.2 billion recurring grant for different
categories of universities, including engineering, medical, agriculture,
general, etc.

He said that HEC has formulated the draft PSDP 2016-17 proposal keeping in view
the anticipated allocation of Rs. 25 billion for its ongoing and new initiatives
in line with Vision 2025 and Government's priorities for socio-economic
development of the country.

Referring to the outcome of Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the Chairman said that
scheme covers tuition fee, admission, laboratory, registration, examination,
library, and research related expenditure for MS/MPhil and PhD studies.

He said that initially 59 districts were covered under the scheme, while
currently students from 114 districts are benefitting from this initiative,
adding that a total of 94,751 students have so far benefitted. Areas included
under the Scheme are all districts of Balochistan, whole of FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, Southern Punjab, Interior Sindh, and selected districts of
Punjab, KPK and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.

Terming HEC's overseas scholarship scheme for MS/ MPhil and PhD a flagship
programme, Dr. Mukhtar said that since its inception in 2002, the Commission has
initiated various HRD scholarship programmes from undergraduate to PhD and
post-doctorate level for development of human resource in different fields for
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

Describing different programmes for research, he also highlighted HEC's
zero-tolerance policy towards plagiarism. He also briefed the members about
international collaborations for promotion of higher education in the country.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed underscored the scope of Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan Package
and said that 600 scholarships including 200 overseas and 400 indigenous are
being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan.  He said that HEC
is taking stringent steps for promotion of higher education in Federally
Administered Tribal Areas, including establishment of a university. He said that
HEC scholarships are awarded in accordance with the quota prescribed by the
Government of Pakistan.

He added that specific programmes have been initiated for students hailing from
less developed areas of the country. He said that HEC is encouraging
universities through various initiatives to promote a research culture in the
country. He maintained that different measures are afoot to strengthen
academia-industry linkages so as to derive outcome of research carried out in
universities.

The Chairman also informed the Committee about proposal of building a fund for
promotion of research entitled 'Change Maker' specifically for research on novel
ideas to provide solutions. Highlighting the importance of commercialization of
research, the Chairman said that Offices of Research, Innovation and
Commercialization (ORICs) established in many universities are playing their due
role to market research of faculty and students.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Amirullah Marwat recognized the importance of
various HEC programmes and assured HEC of their complete support. He also
assured HEC of their support to take action against illegal campuses of
universities so that future of students could be safeguarded. He directed the
HEC for releasing parent/ student alerts after every three months to inform the
masses about illegal universities, their campuses and programmes.

Other members of the Committee who attended the meeting included Mr. Mohammad
Nazir Khan, Dr. Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, Ms. Shaista Pervaiz, Ms. Amra Khan, Ms.
Surriya Asghar, and Dr. Imran Khattak.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2017 Thursday

Secondary Analysis and Integration of Existing Data to Elucidate the Genetic
Architecture of Cancer Risk and Related Outcomes (R01)

LENGTH: 610 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    PA-17-239

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Secondary Analysis and Integration of Existing
Data to Elucidate the Genetic Architecture of Cancer Risk and Related Outcomes
(R01)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.121 -- Oral Diseases and Disorders Research

 93.172 -- Human Genome Research

 93.393 -- Cancer Cause and Prevention Research

 93.396 -- Cancer Biology Research

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Mar 30, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Mar 30, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 07, 2020

 Archive Date:    Jun 12, 2020

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $350,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Special district governments

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Small businesses

 State governments

 Private institutions of higher education

 County governments

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Independent school districts

 City or township governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    This funding opportunity announcement (FOA) encourages
applications that propose to conduct secondary data analysis and integration of
existing datasets and database resources, with the ultimate aim to elucidate the
genetic architecture of cancer risk and related outcomes. The goal of this
initiative is to address key scientific questions relevant to cancer
epidemiology by supporting the analysis of existing genetic or genomic datasets,
possibly in combination with environmental, outcomes, behavioral, lifestyle, and
molecular profiles data. Applications to this FOA are encouraged to leverage
existing genetic data and perform innovative analyses of the existing data.
Applications may include new research aims that are being addressed with
existing data, new or advanced methods of analyses, or novel combinations and
integration of datasets that allow the exploration of important scientific
questions in cancer research.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contct: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Utah: EPA Region 7 and Haskell Indian Nations University to Mutually Benefit
from New Five-Year Memorandum of Agreement

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Representatives of EPA Region 7 and Haskell Indian Nations University have
signed a newly renegotiated Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) that provides mutual
benefits to the federal environmental agency's regional operations and the
premier tribal university of the United States over the next five years.

The new agreement, which builds on a previous three-year MOA, was formally
signed today by EPA Regional Administrator Karl Brooks and Haskell President Dr.
Venida Chenault during EPA Region 7's annual Native American Heritage Month
Event at the agency's regional office in Lenexa, Kan.

"With this agreement as our framework, EPA Region 7 looks forward to building an
even more effective and cooperative working relationship with Haskell Indian
Nations University," Brooks said. "There's no doubt that both parties in this
agreement will benefit from a wealth of shared resources and knowledge. EPA
Region 7 is fortunate to have Haskell as our partner."

Located in Lawrence, Kan., and with roots dating back to 1884, Haskell Indian
Nations University is recognized as the premier tribal university in the United
States, offering associate and bachelor degree programs to a typical semester
enrollment of about 1,000 American Indian and Alaska Native students
representing a diversity of tribes from all across the country.

EPA Region 7 and Haskell signed their initial Memorandum of Agreement in 1999.
That formal partnership was extended by a second MOA in 2012. Over the past
three years, the agency and the university have worked together on a variety of
projects and initiatives, including a boot camp to encourage high school seniors
and college freshmen to consider careers in water management; providing
assistance to the university in developing a sustainable recycling program;
EPA's donation of science lab equipment to the university; presentations to
Haskell's business students on resume writing and interview techniques; and
guest access to the university's facilities for critical meetings.

The new MOA outlines 10 areas of cooperation between the agency and the
university:

Joint Research Projects - Haskell will be made aware of opportunities to
participate in research sponsored by EPA Region 7 through the submission of
proposals for grants and cooperative agreements.
    Faculty Research Participation - Visits of Haskell's faculty, staff and
students to EPA Region 7's facilities for meetings, workshops, training events,
tours and research participation will be encouraged and facilitated. Temporary
faculty appointments may be offered during summer periods and, when appropriate,
may be sponsored for long-term research participation.
    Adjunct Faculty Appointments - Haskell will consider adjunct faculty
appointments for EPA Region 7 Staff. Temporary appointments may be offered
during summer periods and, when appropriate, may be sponsored for long-term
research participation.
    Student Internships and Employment at EPA Region 7 - Haskell students will
be encouraged to take advantage of existing EPA Region 7 programs designed for
student participation and training. This will include current programs allowing
opportunities for graduating and undergraduate students to gain experience
during the academic year and summers, as well as paid and volunteer internship
projects. EPA may make paid and non-paid internship projects available.
    Technical Assistance - EPA Region 7 staff may visit Haskell for
consultations, meetings, workshops and seminars, and may assist the university
with development of syllabi for on-campus course work as requested and as the
agency's resources are available. EPA Region 7 will strive to make key training
tools available as Haskell seeks opportunities to acquire federal funding.
    Mini-Courses, Lectures and Seminar Speakers - EPA Region 7 will inform
Haskell about technical training support that the agency may offer on subjects
such as inspections and certifications, biology, chemistry, engineering,
physical and environmental sciences, waste disposal and other subjects.
    Equipment - Consistent with all requirements of federal property
regulations, EPA Region 7 may provide excess and surplus research, scientific
equipment, publications, periodicals and office furniture to Haskell to meet the
needs of current and planned education, research and training programs.
    Outreach Program - EPA Region 7 staff will make best efforts to attend
university sponsored career fairs and other outreach events, and will encourage
Haskell students to apply for paid and non-paid internship opportunities.
    Grant Opportunities - EPA Region 7 may provide grant application assistance
to the university in accordance with applicable grant regulations, Haskell's
respective mission and purpose, and EPA Region 7's resource capacity.
    Environmental Student Initiatives - EPA Region 7 will support Haskell in its
quest for environmental awareness on campus through such activities as educating
students on environmental sustainability, and providing presentations on topics
that support sustainability and environmental safety.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday

Composer/teacher leads culture-crossing concert

BYLINE: Ann Klefstad, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


May 15--Lyz Jaakola has sung opera in Rome. She's a singer for traditional
Anishinaabe ceremonies. Her mezzo soprano voice was heard in "Madame Butterfly"
for the Festival Opera here. Singing scat with jazz bands is in her resume, and
she has a blues band, the Smokin' Chimokes. The music she writes grows out of
this rich mix to move the listener out of any assumptions and into a realm where
thinking and feeling are one. It's a place where everyone is simply human, but
being human isn't simple.

The Ojibwe composer is premiering new works in a concert at 6:30 tonight at
UMD's Weber Hall. Portions of it will reprise Friday at the Fond du Lac Tribal
and Community College .

The groups on stage will represent the many parts of Jaakola's experience in
music: a traditional Anishinaabe men's drum group, a youth chorus, an
Anishinaabe women's hand drum group, a college choir from Fond du Lac and the
Arrowhead Chorale.

"This is part of my purpose in holding the concert," Jaakola said. "I can't wait
to see my little kids' group singing with a professional choir and hand drums
... it's so very exciting."

The concert has a mandate to cross cultures from its funders as well: The First
Nations Composers Initiative awarded Jaakola one of its Common Ground grants,
which funds presentations of music by native composers in mainstream settings:
concert halls, CDs and more. The composers initiative is part of the American
Composers Forum, a nationwide group that is headquartered in St. Paul.

So how does Jaakola fill her days when she's not producing concerts? Her life's
complexity reflects the many facets of her work.

"I teach music and Indian studies full time at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community
College, directing a choir there among other things. I also direct two community
groups: the Anishinaabe Youth Chorus [consisting of anywhere between 10 and 25
K-fifth graders from the Fond du Lac Ojibwe School] and a Fond du Lac Area
women's hand drum group. I am trying to keep up my chops singing with the
Arrowhead Chorale again after a hiatus to have my second son in 2006. I also
sing with a blues band."

She wrote in an e-mail that she has had some time to write music "off and on
when sleep isn't so enticing."

"My work is mostly about bringing cultures together while maintaining a healthy
respect for traditional Anishinaabe music," she continued. "I am of a mixed
background, Anishinaabe and Finnish, mostly, and [I] celebrate my multicultural
experience through music."

Brent Michael Davids, a Mohegan musician and composer from Minneapolis who
recently was asked to finish a work that noted composer Louis Ballard left
unfinished at his death, was an initial link to the composers initiative for
Jaakola.

"She's very dedicated to students, to making music with them, and she has a
really broad practice," he said. "There's a thing in the art world, the music
world, that people have to market music, people feel they have to have a focused
portfolio to prepare for the marketplace, you find people who do one thing and
that's all they're known for. It's important to let people know that diversity
is out there. That's what she does ... The safe route is to package yourself in
one way and then try to sell it, but that's not the best thing for music or the
culture. You end up doing the same thing all the time."

Jaakola loves to teach as well as to make music. The composers initative also
funds a composer-in-residence program run by Jaakola in Cloquet: Eight young
composers premiered their work in a concert there this winter. Jaakola wrote of
them, "There's the next generation of Indian composers."

To see more of the Duluth News-Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.DuluthSuperior.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080515-DU-Composer-teacher-leads-culture-crossing-concert-0515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2008 Duluth News-Tribune


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       March 19, 2012 Monday 8:58 PM  EST

SKILL DEVELOPMENT TO RESERVED CATEGORIES

LENGTH: 463 words


NEW DELHI, March 19 -- The government of India issued the following news
release:

Ministry of Labour & Employment through Directorate General of Employment &
Training (DGE&T) is implementing following three major Skill Development Schemes
in the Country:

1. Craftsmen Training Scheme Implemented through 9447 Government and Private
Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs).

2. Apprenticeship Training Scheme implemented through 26,200 establishments.

3. Skill Development Initiatives (Modular Employable Skills) implemented through
6891 Vocational Training Providers (VTPs).

The Major objective of these schemes is to develop appropriate skills of
students and unemployed youth including SC/ ST to enhance their employability
for their decent employment. Vocational Training being concurrent subject, these
schemes are implemented jointly with respective departments of State
Governments.

18 Tribal Research Institutes have been set up by the respective State/ UT
Governments in the States of Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat,
Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra,
Manipur, Rajasthan, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Tripura, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and
Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.

University Grants Commission (UGC) is running a scheme namely, Rajiv Gandhi
National Fellowship for SC/ ST Students (with financial assistance from Ministry
of Social Justice and Empowerment and Ministry of Tribal Affairs) whereby
selected SC/ ST candidates are provided financial assistance for pursuing M.
Phil/Ph.D in Universities/ Institutes/ Colleges including Institutes of national
importance. The State wise data relating to selections made under this scheme is
placed at Annex.

UGC has constituted two committees for reviewing these schemes for SC/ ST and
suggesting measures for their enhanced participation in Higher Education. The
basic purpose of this exercise is to further strengthen the exiting schemes as
also to suggest new initiatives during the 12th Plan period in terms of their
design and delivery mechanisms.

This information was given by Minister of Labour and Employment Shri Mallikarjun
Kharge in reply in reply to a written question whether the Government has any
programme for developing the skills of SC/ ST students and unemployed youths in
order to facilitate their admission in the fields of higher research and
institutes of National importance; if so, the details thereof, State-wise
alongwith the outcome thereof; and whether any programmes are being started by
the Government in order to increase the number of SC/ ST candidates in such
institutes, where their representation does not exist or they have minimum
representation?

Omitted Annexure can be viewed at:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=81208

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

A Tahsildar's initiative to counter Naxals

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: SRINGERI


SRINGERI, Aug. 23 -- Even as the government has established an Anti-Naxal Force
to contain the movement in the state, an official in Sagar taluk in Shimoga
district has been able to quietly achieve the government's objective
single-handedly.

Sagar tahsildar S Yogeeshwar's strategy has not only frustrated the Naxals but
has also provided a future for tribal youth, whom the Naxals target for
recruitment.

Naxalism had been at its peak when Yogeeswar had taken over as tahsildar three
years ago. By the time he was transferred to Sagar, the movement had lost steam.

Vasanthi, a BCom graduate from Naxal infested Belagodu village in Sringeri taluk
could easily have been drawn into Naxalism as her friend and neighbour is now a
Naxal leader. Further, she belongs to a poor SC family and had no hope of
pursuing higher education.

But thanks to Yogeeshwar, who paid her fees, Vasanthi enrolled for MCom at the
Indira Gandhi Women's College at Sagar. She has also been assured of a seat in
the SC/ST hostel. Now, she is close to realising her dream of becoming a
lecturer.

It was when a tribal girl of Oddinakere, Sringeri taluk did her MCom and landed
a lecturer's job at Mahaveera College Moodabidri that other tribal girls were
inspired to continue studies and approach Yogeeshwar.

Like Vasanthi, other girls from the Naxal infested area benefited from
Yogeeshwar's gesture. When contacted by Express, a humble Yogeeshwar said he was
only a "mediator".

"Colleges at Sagar provided fee concession and Shimoga DC sought hostel seats
for them. The Chikamagalur DC told gram panchayats to provide scholarships of Rs
5,000 and the LAMPS Society chipped in with Rs 2,500 scholarship." Published by
HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Expanding Alcohol-Focused High-Priority Translational Research for HIV/AIDS
(UH2/UH3)

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-AA-17-015



    Funding Opportunity Title:



    Expanding Alcohol-Focused High-Priority Translational Research for HIV/AIDS
(UH2/UH3)



    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 2



         Posted Date:

         Sep 22, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Oct 17, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Dec 02, 2016



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Jan 04, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Feb 04, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Independent school districts

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Special district governments

      Private institutions of higher education

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Small businesses

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      State governments

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      County governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      City or township governments

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) is a new initiative to support
the development of highly innovative HIV/AIDS and alcohol-relevant high-priority
research (see NOT-OD-15-137) suitable for advancing the translation of basic
biological and behavior science research into clinical practice through improved
interventions for prevention and treatment among HIV+ individuals. Specifically,
the FOA solicits applications for projects to adapt, apply, and validate
existing or emerging behavioral and/or biological technologies into a new
generation of patient-focused intervention to improve the treatment of
alcohol-related problems among HIV+ individuals.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-AA-17-015.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: Fact Sheet: The 8th Annual White House Tribal Nations Conference

LENGTH: 5498  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  Today, the White House will host the 8th Annual White House Tribal Nations
Conference, bringing together leaders from federally recognized tribes to
Washington, DC. The President and members of his Cabinet will discuss a range of
issues important to tribal leaders, with an emphasis on ways the federal
government can continue to strengthen the nation-to-nation relationship and
ensure that progress in Indian Country endures for years to come.





 The Tribal Nations Conference delivers on a promise the President made during a
visit to the Crow Nation in Montana in May 2008, where he pledged to host an
annual summit with tribal leaders to ensure that tribal nations have a seat at
the table when facing important decisions about their communities.  This year's
Conference - the President's eighth and final of his Presidency - marks the
historic progress his Administration has made to strengthen the nation-to-nation
relationship and build a more prosperous and resilient Indian Country.



 In addition to today's Conference, the second annual White House Tribal Youth
Gathering will be held on September 27, 2016 as part of the Generation
Indigenous (Gen-I) initiative. The gathering will bring together approximately
100 Native youth leaders who will participate alongside tribal leaders and
senior federal leaders in breakout sessions, panels, and youth-specific
programming. Since the President launched Gen-I in 2014, thousands of American
Indian and Alaska Native Youth have mobilized to address the most pressing needs
facing their communities. Through youth engagement and strategic investments and
policies, Gen-I has helped cultivate a new generation of tribal leaders and
improve the lives of Native youth.



 In recognizing that despite the incredible work completed in Indian Country
over the past eight years, challenges still persist for Native Americans,
today's Tribal Nations Conference will bring together tribal leaders and agency
officials to identify key issues to address during the next chapter of the
nation-to-nation relationship. These conversations will serve as a platform for
tribal leaders to develop relationships with the federal government that will
serve them in the coming weeks, months, and years. Today, the Administration is
pleased to share highlights of the progress made in 2016 and announce new steps
forward:



 AN ALL-OF-GOVERNMENT APPROACH TO SERVING INDIAN COUNTRY



 Public Safety and Justice Subgroup of WHCNAA. The U.S. Department of Justice
(DOJ) and the Department of the Interior (DOI) will co-chair the Public Safety &
Justice Subgroup (Subgroup) of the WHCNAA. The Departments formed the Subgroup
at the September 6, 2016 WHCNAA principals meeting in response to the needs
expressed by tribal leaders for the WHCNAA to concentrate on the unique legal
and public safety concerns facing Indian Country such as jurisdictional matters,
violence in Indian Country, infrastructure, training and capacity for tribal
police and judicial systems, and more.  The Subgroup will coordinate with other
agencies to address public safety issues from an inter-agency perspective, and
will ensure input from tribal representatives.



 Interagency Trauma Initiativeof the WHCNAA Health Subgroup. The federal
government plays an important partnership role with tribal nations in improving
the health and well-being of American Indian and Alaska Native communities. An
area where this partnership is vital is in addressing traumatic events, some
which may have been experienced historically and intergenerationally. The
effects of trauma can be long-term and have effects on individuals, families,
and communities. A few of the symptoms and effects are psychological distress,
poor overall physical and mental health, and unmet medical and psychological
needs.





 These health impacts can be significant for American Indians and Alaska Natives
who may also face disparities related to socioeconomic status, education,
employment, access to services, the physical environment, food security, and
physical activity, among others. To strengthen efforts focused on improving the
well-being of tribal communities, the Health Subgroup is working to improve
awareness on the impacts of trauma among executives, senior leaders, and
employees; initiating collaborations across programs; and building the capacity
for supporting trauma-informed services and practices.



 Reinforcing the National Historic Preservation Act and Self Determination. The
National Historic Preservation Act includes a provision for the Advisory Council
on Historic Preservation (ACHP) to enter into agreements with Indian tribes to
substitute a tribe's historic preservation regulations for the ACHP's
regulations, commonly called the Section 106 process. Under such an arrangement,
an Indian tribe has the ability to determine how federal agencies meet the
requirements of Section 106 for projects on its lands. In March 2016, the ACHP
entered into a substitution agreement with the Seminole Tribe of Florida whereby
the tribe will carry out all historic preservation work on its tribal lands, a
full expression of its sovereignty and self-determination.  The agreement with
the Seminole Tribe is only the second agreement the ACHP has entered into. The
first was with the Narragansett Tribe in 2000. To both encourage other Indian
tribes to consider such arrangements and to help them navigate the decision
making process, the ACHP, in consultation with Indian tribes, will issue formal
guidance in 2017.



 The United States, Canada, and Mexico Commit to Improve Coordination on
Violence Against Indigenous Women and Girls. On June 29, 2016 President Obama
traveled to Ottawa, Canada for the North American Leaders' Summit, where he met
with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and President Enrique Peña Nieto of
Mexico. The three presidents made a tri-lateral commitment to address the
scourge of violence against indigenous women and girls that exists across North
America. The commitment encompasses knowledge-sharing on best practices to
prevent and respond the needs of indigenous women and girls, including enhancing
cooperation between the three nations, improving judicial and social service
provision, and strengthening the capacity of government health services to
provide culturally sensitive services to all indigenous recipients.



 PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES FOR NATIVE YOUTH



 Gathering Gen-I Native Youth. On September 27, the Administration will host the
second annual Tribal Youth Gathering. Tomorrow's gathering builds upon a series
of six events hosted by the White House, the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS), and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which engaged
over 500 youth in providing an understanding of the Generation Indigenous
(Gen-I) Native Youth Challenge and providing participating youth the opportunity
to share their perspectives on topics including health and wellness, community,
education, culture, and leadership with the federal government.  These events
also included activities to promote youth leadership, skill building, and
education all in an effort to provide participating youth with the tools to
reach their full potential.



 Measuring the Success of our Native Youth Programming. As a part of the
Generation Indigenous (Gen-I) initiative, the WHCNAA and the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) are working with federal agencies to establish
metrics and collect data about challenges and disparities faced by Native youth.
These metrics will be used to help track the effectiveness of federal efforts to
close opportunity gaps, and will help identify where we are making progress,
where we are falling short, and progress that can be made when the federal
agencies take a coordinated approach in addressing issues that affect Native
youth.



 Enhancing Support for Consistent Climate Change Education for Native Youth. In
2015 and 2016, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA),
the National Park Service (NPS), and other partners hosted the first two Tribal
Youth Climate Leadership Congress (Congress) to promote youth engagement and
positive community action for climate resilience for 89 native youth. The
Congress is supported partly through the BIA's Tribal Climate Resilience Program
to support Tribal youth working on climate change research. Additionally, the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is continuing its Tribal Eco-Ambassador
Program, which partners with federal scientists and tribal college and
university students to address environmental problems, many of which are related
to the impact of climate change.



 Supporting Education and Community Development through Tribal Colleges and
Universities. In 2016, USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
invested $13.9 million in 34 Tribal Land Grant Institutions. The new awards
support institutional research, education, and extension outreach capacity
through projects that address student educational needs, provide positive tribal
youth development experiences, and help to solve other locally identified tribal
community, reservation, and regional development issues.



 Engaging Native Youth. In 2015, the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation
(ACHP) adopted the Native Youth Strategic Plan. In 2016, the agency sought input
from tribal leaders and historic preservation staff on their priorities and how
best to reach out to Native youth. Based on stakeholder input, the ACHP has
produced an information packet about historic preservation geared for both
Native youth and adults. The information is intended to introduce Native youth
to historic preservation, both in general and as a potential career path. A
report will also be issued and will include recommendations based on input from
Native youth, tribal leaders, and tribal preservation professionals. It will be
available at >www.achp.gov/nap< in the summer of 2017.



 Increasing Support for Locally-Tailored Education Interventions. The Department
of Education recently announced that it will make $17.4 million in new awards
for the Native Youth Community Projects (NYCP) grants in FY 2016, which is
triple the $5.3 million that was provided in FY 2015. NYCP supports preschool
through college-level projects that help American Indian and Alaska Native youth
prepare for college and careers. President Obama's FY 2017 budget request
expands NYCP funding to $53 million.  Technical assistance has been provided and
will support these and the State-Tribal Education Programs STEP programs from
pre-application through the implementation of their grants.



 Investing in the Future of Youth in Indian Country. In FY 2016, the Corporation
for National and Community Service (CNCS), a federal agency that administers
AmeriCorps, will invest a record $3.5 million in tribally sponsored AmeriCorps
programming and $1.25 million in education scholarships. The majority of the
scholarship recipients are from Indian Country - who in exchange for their
service will receive the scholarship to help pay for college or to repay student
loans. AmeriCorps members will tutor and mentor youth, teach nutrition and
physical activity, preserve language and cultural heritage, protect the
environment, connect veterans and their families to job opportunities, prepare
for disasters, and tackle substance abuse issues.



 Training Community Changemakers. In September 2016, 120 Native Youth
Ambassadors, ages 14-17, will participate in the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development's (HUD) National Native Youth Summit in Washington, DC, with
the goal of developing the next generation of Native community leaders.  Youth
will explore what community means and the impact homes have on personal health,
education, energy conservation, and finances. The youth will design a Local
Empowerment Project, such as community beautification, community-based gardens,
clean-up programs, mapping sacred spaces, distributing information about energy
efficiency in the home, or creating a community youth health club to implement
upon their return home.



 Promoting Economic and Social Development through Career Technical Education
Pathways. The Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) Sherman Indian High School
accepted a generous donation from the San Manuel Band of Mission Indians to
continue a Career Technical Education Pathways Program that supports students
attending the school.  The funds support five distinct career technical
education clusters. Students learn skills to work in agriculture, construction,
health care, culinary arts, hospitality, tourism, and other careers. The program
allows students at the boarding school to gain skills in industries promoting
economic and social development for American Indian and Alaska Native
communities.



 "Culture & Meth Don't Mix" Initiative. DOI's Office ofthe Assistant Secretary
of Indian Affairs in collaboration with BIA's Office of Justice Services (OJS),
BIE, and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA)
of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), has created a program
called "Culture and Meth Don't Mix" to provide a culturally appropriate approach
for meth prevention among Native American youth through community and
inter-agency involvement.  The program includes a speaker series that will take
place in BIE schools. The speakers will consist of speakers from OJS, a health
professional recommended by SAMHSA, and one person from the community. There
will be a different theme each month educating youth about the dangers of meth,
focusing on the fact that Native culture does not have a place for meth use.



 Employment Opportunities for Tribal Youth through Conservation Corps. In 2016,
the Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council began funding Tribal Youth
Conservation Corps focused on coastal cleanup, restoration and community
construction projects. Part of the Obama Administration's 21st Century
Conservation Service Corps, the Tribal Youth Conservation Corps invests in the
next generation of tribal leaders by providing job training skills to enhance
these young people's ability to engage in the long-term Gulf restoration effort
to help families, bolster local economies, and lead to a more resilient coast.
$500,000 was specifically set aside to engage tribal youth in the region in
these opportunities.



 STRENGTHENING TRIBAL SOVEREIGNTY



 United States to Assume Concurrent Criminal Jurisdiction. In January 2016, DOJ
granted a request by the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe for the United States to
assume concurrent criminal jurisdiction on the tribe's reservation in central
Minnesota.  The decision was the second assumption of jurisdiction granted by
the Department of Justice under the landmark Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010,
which gave the Department discretion to accept concurrent federal jurisdiction
to prosecute violations of the General Crimes Act and the Major Crimes Act
within areas of Indian country that are also subject to state criminal
jurisdiction under Public Law 280. The decision regarding the Mille Lacs Band
will take effect on January 1, 2017.



 Indian Country Criminal Investigator Training Program. The Indian Country
Criminal Investigator Training Program is a joint training collaboration between
FBI and BIA-OJS, hosted at FLETC-West in Artesia, New Mexico.  The Indian Police
Academy staff and the FBI Indian Country Crimes Unit developed a course focused
on preparing to work on various crimes on Indian reservations.  It includes
expert instruction from a forensic pediatrician, a pathologist, and experts on
investigations of child abuse and violent crimes under the Major Crimes Act.
Students also receive 24 hours of forensic evidence collection; the course
concludes with a practical exercise where students process a crime scene and
determine investigative steps.  The course will be run twice yearly and each
session will have up to 24 students.



 Tribal Re-entry. On April 29, 2016, President Obama issued a Presidential
Memorandum appointing the Federal Interagency Reentry Council, a Cabinet-level
working group comprised of more than 20 member agencies, to coordinate and
leverage existing federal reentry resources; dispel myths and clarify policies
related to reentry; elevate reentry programs and effective policies; and reduce
policy barriers to successful reentry. As a part of the broader effort, the
Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) has developed resources on Tribal Reentry
including: BJA Tribal Reentry Fact Sheet; National Reentry Resource Center's
Tribal Affairs Page; American Probation and Parole Association website; and
Strategies for Creating Offender Reentry Programs in Indian Country.



 Consolidating Tribal Lands. Authorized by the Cobell Settlement in 2009, which
provided $1.9 billion to purchase fractional interests at fair market value
within 10 years, DOI's Land Buy-Back Program has paid more than $850 million to
individual landowners and restored the equivalent of approximately 1.6 million
acres of land for tribes.  The program has announced the next 105 locations,
which includes more than 96 percent of landowners with fractional interests and
more than 98 percent of both fractional interests and equivalent acres in
program-eligible area.



 Supporting Federally-Recognized Tribal Governments to Request a Presidential
Emergency or Major Disaster Declaration. The Sandy Recovery Improvement Act of
2013 (SRIA) amended the Stafford Act to provide tribal governments the option to
request a Presidential emergency or major disaster declaration. The Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is working to finalize the Tribal
Declarations Pilot Guidance, which describes the process for tribal governments
to request Stafford Act declarations and associated disaster assistance while
the Agency prepares for and conducts a notice and rulemaking process to
implement this provision of SRIA through regulations. FEMA's 90-day consultation
period on the second draft of the Tribal Declarations Pilot Guidance received
nearly 800 comments from over 500 tribal officials, representing 178
federally-recognized tribal governments. FEMA aims to publish the guidance this
fall to begin the pilot period.



 Implementing the Forest Service Trust Responsibility. National Forests and
Grasslands often hold a historic connection to America's first stewards, and
USDA is working to align its procedures with this unique relationship. In 2016,
the USDA Forest Service published the final Tribal Relations Directives, which
provide more consistency and efficacy in consultations with Tribal Nations and
helps Forest Service employees understand the requirements, complexities and
opportunities of tribal relations. The Directives describe the Forest Service's
responsibility to implement programs and activities consistent with, and
respecting, Indian treaty rights and fulfilling the federal government's trust
responsibility with Indian tribes.



 Strengthening Sovereignty. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx appointed the
first-ever Deputy Assistant Secretary for Tribal Government Affairs on May 16,
2016. Located in the Office of the Secretary, this position will serve as the
liaison between tribes and tribal governments and the Department of
Transportation. The Department also began the process of developing a Tribal
Transportation Self-Governance Program (TTSGP). This program will provide tribes
with an additional option on how they would like to carry out their
transportation programs. DOT initiated the negotiated rulemaking process to
propose regulations that would direct the TTSGP. The TTSGP Negotiated Rulemaking
Committee, composed of tribal transportation leaders and federal officials, has
already begun its work.



 Connecting Communities, and Improving Infrastructures. The Tribal Transit
Program at the Federal Transit Administration is expanding its technical
assistance efforts to tribes receiving funds through the Tribal Transit
Technical Assistance Assessments initiative. Through these assessments, FTA
collaborates with tribal transit leaders to review processes and identify areas
in need of improvement and then assist with solutions to address these
needs--all in a supportive and mutually beneficial manner. The FTA has performed
30 assessments and will continue these efforts. The Tribal Transportation
Program is the largest program in the Office of Federal Lands Highway at the
Federal Highway Administration, which is authorized at $465 million in FY 2016.



 Prioritizing Tribal Connectivity. Broadband is essential in the 21st Century,
but today too many lack high speed access. The Administration has prioritized
increasing broadband capabilities across Indian Country: as part of ConnectED,
an initiative designed to connect schools and libraries to the digital age, the
Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) E-rate program provided broadband,
Wi-Fi, and telecommunications funding to 245 tribal schools serving over 60,000
students and 31 tribal libraries last funding year alone; the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration's (NTIA) published a planning
toolkit for tribal governments to develop a Community Broadband Roadmap for
building broadband networks, enhancing public computer centers, expanding
broadband to unserved areas, encouraging public-private partnerships, and
promoting broadband connectivity to homes, businesses and institutions; and
starting December 1st, the enhanced Lifeline program subsidy, which is available
to low-income people living on Tribal lands, can be used to help cover the cost
of broadband service.   Additionally, as a step towards providing tribal
communities and entities with the resources they need to deploy broadband
infrastructure, today the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service is announcing that it will aim to double its annual investment in
telecom broadband loans in Indian Country--to $50 million in FY17--and dedicate
staff to providing tribes with technical assistance to help unlock existing
resources.  And because broadband is critical to creating opportunity for Native
Youth, the President's Budget proposed significant investments in education
information IT to enhance broadband and digital access for students at
BIE-funded schools.



 Sponsoring for Clean Energy. During 2016, the Department of Energy's (DOE)
Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs (Indian Energy) will obligate nearly
$15 million in direct support of clean energy deployment by tribes (Indian
tribes and their governmental instrumentalities, including Alaska Native
villages, Alaska Native Regional Corporations and Village Corporations, and
Tribal Energy Resource Development Organizations). On August 17, DOE's Office of
Indian Energy announced the availability of up to $3 million to initiate the
first steps toward developing and sustaining renewable energy and energy
efficiency on tribal lands.



 Improving Access to Data for American Indians and Alaska Natives (AIAN).  In
2016, BIA and the Census Bureau signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) as a
first step in identifying and addressing AIAN data quality and availability
issues.  As a result of the MOU, BIA and Census are sharing geospatial data to
improve the accuracy of tribal boundaries in time for the 2020 Census; a federal
interagency work group was established to promote communication and
collaboration; an inventory of existing federal AIAN data collections was
developed to identify data gaps and establish a baseline for progress; and a
series of workshops to address AIAN data issues is being planned.



 Refining, Expanding and Engaging in Tribal Consultation. In FY 2016, HUD
published its revised tribal consultation policy, proposed a tribal advisory
committee, and completed negotiated rulemaking.  HUD issued a Federal Register
Notice seeking public comment on a proposed Tribal Intergovernmental Advisory
Committee to further facilitate communication between HUD and
Federally-recognized Indian tribes on all HUD programs. In January, HUD
completed negotiated rulemaking with tribal representatives on the Indian
Housing Block Grant funding formula.



 Tracking Federal Initiatives to Build Resilience in Indian Country. The White
House Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) and the White House Council on
Native American Affairs Environment, Climate, and Natural Resources Subgroup,
have developed a progress report on the Tribal Supplemental Recommendations of
the State, Local, and Tribal Leaders Task Force on Climate Preparedness and
Resilience. The report identifies programs and policies that Federal agencies
have developed or updated in response to the Tribal Supplemental
Recommendations, which focus on the specific and unique perspectives of Native
communities to build resilience to the impacts of climate change. Read more
about it here.



 HEALTHY COMMUNITIES & ENVIRONMENTS IN INDIAN COUNTRY



 Supporting the Delivery of Traditional Foods in Indian Country. The 2014 Farm
Bill provided additional flexibility for USDA to incorporate traditional foods
into the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations (FDPIR) program
managed by the USDA Food and Nutrition Service. In 2016, USDA increased the
quantity and variety of traditional foods being distributed to low-income
families and the elderly through FDPIR through the purchase of 120,000 pounds of
bison, 216,000 pounds of frozen wild salmon, 55,000 pounds of wild rice, and
646,000 pounds of blue cornmeal, much of it supplied by Native American-owned
businesses.



 Partnering to Build Resilience in Tribal Communities. Two new partnerships will
enable 160 AmeriCorps VISTA members to serve in Tribal communities over the next
three years. The Resilience AmeriCorps program will place AmeriCorps VISTA
members at 55 tribal locations to boost their capacity to prepare for severe
weather. This expansion includes Conservation Legacy, American Indian Higher
Education Consortium, Enterprise Community Partners, Tribal Colleges and
Universities and Tribal Housing Authorities. Building on the Let's Move in
Indian Country and Seeds of Native Health initiatives, AmeriCorps VISTA is also
joining with the University of Arkansas Law School's Indigenous Food and
Agriculture Institute and the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Tribe to place
AmeriCorps VISTA members in 10 tribes to help develop agricultural opportunities
and nutritional priorities to benefit Tribal members.



 Combating Climate Change in Tribal Nations: Climate Resilience Toolkit. In
2015, the Administration expanded the Climate Resilience Toolkit to include a
new "Tribal Nations" theme, comprised of more than 40 resources--with more to be
added in the future--to assist Tribal nations in climate change planning,
adaptation, and mitigation. Resources include a comprehensive Tribal Climate
Change Adaptation Planning Toolkit, and a set of guidelines for considering
traditional knowledge in climate change initiatives. In July 2016, NOAA, in
collaboration with the U.S. Global Change Research Program and a number of
agencies, released new capabilities through the Climate Resilience Toolkit;
these included county-scale climate projections for the continental United
States, making climate information more locally relevant.



 Engaging Communities and Connecting with Technical Experts and Resources
through Community-based Data Collection. In 2015, EPA's Indian Environmental
General Assistance Program provided a grant to the Alaska Native Tribal Health
Consortium (ANTHC), to support the release of a Local Environmental Observer
(LEO) App. Expanding on the successful computer-based tool, the App allows
observers to share photos and text from the field, complete with GPS locations.
The LEO Network provides a model for engaging communities and connecting with
technical experts and resources to allow communities to monitor, respond to, and
adapt to new impacts and health effects. LEO experts apply local and traditional
knowledge, western science and modern technology to record and share
observations and to raise awareness about the conditions in the circumpolar
north. Due to the success of the program, EPA and ANTHC are working to expand
LEO internationally and in the Lower 48.



 Building Knowledge and Connection for Environment, Climate Change, and Natural
Resources. In May 2016, the Environment, Climate Change, and Natural Resources
Subgroup--part of the White House Council on Native American Affairs--hosted a
convening for Tribal leaders and Administration leadership to discuss the
impacts of climate change on their Tribal communities. The Subgroup launched the
Federal Tribal Climate Change Resource Guide-an online portal that creates a
centralized place for Tribal government professionals to locate available
resources from the federal government. This guide enables Tribal governments to
identify resources, tools and expert advice from multiple agencies.



 SUPPORTING NATIVE AMERICAN CULTURE & HERITAGE



 Supporting Resiliency through Native Language and Culture.  The Administration
for Native Americans recently awarded nearly $3 million in funds under two new
grant programs to support Native youth.  The Native Language Community
Coordination Demonstration Projects is a five-year demonstration project that
will enable communities to increase their capacity to address gaps in providing
continuous Native language instruction from childhood through post-secondary
education. The Native Youth Initiative for Leadership, Empowerment, and
Development  (I-LEAD) funding will support community programs that promote
Native American youth resiliency and foster protective factors such as
connections with Native American languages and elders, positive peer groups,
models of safe sanctuary, and more.



 Protecting Confidential Information.The Advisory Council on Historic
Preservation (ACHP) has issued a "Frequently Asked Questions" guidance document
on protecting sensitive information about historic properties under Section 304
of the National Historic Preservation Act.Federal agency officials, State and
Tribal Historic Preservation Officer (SHPO/THPO), Indian tribes, Native Hawaiian
organizations, and other stakeholders in the Section 106 process often ask ACHP
staff how sensitive information about historic properties can be protected from
public disclosure. This new guidance, available here,builds upon the successful
Section 304 Webinar the ACHP offers about how Section 304 works to protect such
information and thereby prevent harm to historic properties. In developing this
guidance, the ACHP coordinated closely with the NPS' Keeper of the National
Register of Historic Places program to ensure these FAQs identify the most
commonly asked questions and provide helpful guidance to Section 106
practitioners as well as members of the public regarding what information may be
withheld from disclosure, under what circumstances, and for what reasons.



 Preserving Tribal Culture and Values by Supporting Efforts to Repatriate
Cultural Items from Abroad.  DOJ has launched an interagency group on cultural
property with DOI, the Department of State, and DHS, with a focus on
international repatriation. Next steps include strengthening interagency
cooperation, responding to Congressional requests for information and comments
on legislation, and holding government-to-government consultations on
international repatriation, which will be launched at the 2016 Tribal Nations
Conference.



 Working with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous
Peoples. The ACHP issued new guidance about the linkages between the U.N.
Declaration and tribal and Native Hawaiian preservation issues in the Section
106 review process. The guidance helps federal agencies understand the right of
indigenous peoples to participate in decision making when their rights would be
affected, including with respect to the destruction of historic properties or
sacred places of religious or cultural significance. The ACHP has extensively
promoted the Declaration within the historic preservation community and issued
initial guidance regarding Section 106 consultation and the Declaration.



 Sacred Sites MOU Executive Committee Announces New Training. As part of the
deliverables of the Sacred Sites MOU, the Executive Committee of the Sacred
Sites MOU is announcing the release of "Native American Sacred Sites and the
Federal Government, A Training for Federal Employees and Contract Staff
Developed under the Sacred Sites Memorandum of Understanding," a comprehensive
online training module for federal employees and contractors, which is also
available for free to the public.  The Sacred Sites MOU was signed by DOD, USDA,
DOI, DOE, and ACHP to improve the protection of and tribal access to Indian
sacred sites on federally managed land.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 27, 2007, Wednesday

NEA 'The Big Read' grant program available

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P12

LENGTH: 587 words


The West Virginia Division of Culture and History is announcing "The Big Read",
a grant initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts designed to restore
reading to the center of American culture.

The NEA presents "The Big Read" in partnership with the Institute of Museum and
Library Services and in cooperation with Arts Midwest.

"The Big Read" brings together partners across the country to encourage reading
for pleasure and enlightenment.

Approximately 200 organizations in communities of varying sizes across the
country will be selected to participate in the program from January through June
2008.

To apply, the NEA strongly recommends a letter of intent by Friday, June 29. The
deadline for receipt of the application is July 31.

The application must be submitted online through "The Big Read" electronic
eGRANT system, as well as a hard copy package of proposal materials.

Applicants may apply for grants ranging from $2,500 to $20,000; grant size will
be determined based on community population, the number of activities planned,
and the overall strength of the application. Communities with fewer than 50,000
people should apply for $2,500 to $7,500. Grants must be matched at least one to
one with nonfederal funds.

Communities participating must develop and produce a well-planned,
well-attended, communitywide read with innovative, diverse programming and
widespread community involvement and participation. Activities should be
approximately one month in duration and must occur between January and June
2008.

Applicant organizations must partner with a library. Other collaborating
organizations might include museums, arts organizations, local businesses,
chambers of commerce, community service organizations, community centers, youth
groups, senior centers, prisons, neighborhood associations, social service
organizations and booksellers.

Eligible organizations must be a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization or a division
of state, local or tribal government. Eligible applicants include literary
centers, libraries, museums, colleges and universities, art centers, historical
societies, arts councils, tribal governments, humanities councils, literary
festivals and arts organizations.

K-12 schools and school districts, whether public or private, are ineligible to
apply but are encouraged to participate as partners.

Applicant organizations must select one of the following 16 books for their
programming prior to applying to "The Big Read":

"Bless Me, Ultima" by Rudolfo Anaya

"Fahrenheit 451" by Ray Bradbury

"My Antonia" by Willa Cather

"The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald

"A Lesson Before Dying" by Ernest Gaines

"The Maltese Falcon" by Dashiell Hammett

"A Farewell to Arms" by Ernest Hemingway

"Their Eyes Were Watching God" by Zora Neale Hurston

"To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee

"The Call of the Wild" by Jack London

"The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter" by Carson McCullers

"The Shawl" by Cynthia Ozick

"The Grapes of Wrath" by John Steinbeck

"The Joy Luck Club" by Amy Tan

"The Death of Ivan Ilych" by Leo Tolstoy

"The Age of Innocence" by Edith Wharton.

Successful applicants will be notified in September.

For more information, call Arts Midwest at (612) 341-0755 or e-mail to
TheBigRead@artsmidwest.org

The eGRANT application and specific instructions for using eGRANT are available
online at www.NEABigRead.org.

Interested applicants also may contact Gregg McAllister, arts in education
coordinator for the Division of Culture and History, at (304) 558-0240, ext. 145
or e-mail at gregg.mcallister@wvculture.org

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Inmate Behavior Management Initiative Enhancement

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    17JD04

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Inmate Behavior Management Initiative Enhancement


 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Category of Funding Activity:    Other (see text field entitled "Explanation of
Other Category of Funding Activity" for clarification)

 Category Explanation:    Criminal justice

 Expected Number of Awards:    1

 CFDA Number(s):    16.601 -- Corrections_Training and Staff Development

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Dec 30, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 30, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 02, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 02, 2017

 Archive Date:    Apr 01, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $0

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information
on Eligibility" for clarification)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    NIC invites applications from
nonprofit organizations (including faith-based, community, and tribal
organizations), for-profit organizations (including tribal for-profit
organizations), and institutions of higher education (including tribal
institutions of higher education). Recipients, including for-profit
organizations, must agree to waive any profit or fee for services. NIC welcomes
applications that involve two or more entities; however, one eligible entity
must be the applicant and the others must be proposed as sub-recipients. The
applicant must be the entity with primary responsibility for administering the
funding and managing the entire program.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institute of Corrections

 Description:    The most fundamental goal of every jail and prison is to
maintain a safe and secure environment for inmates, staff, and visitors.
Effectively managing inmate behavior is critical to achieving this goal.
Traditionally, jails and prisons have sought to control inmates solely through
physical containment, namely, hardware--locks, steel doors, security glass, and
alarm systems. Staff safety was believed to depend on maintaining physical
barriers between staff and inmates. In the absence of staff management of inmate
behavior, however, the emphasis on physically containing inmates failed to keep
facilities secure. With inmates left to their own devices inside cellblocks,
problems such as violence, vandalism, and lack of sanitation became so common
they seemed inherent to correctional institutions, which, along with
communities, have paid dearly for these problems through costly litigation,
staff and inmate deaths, riots and fires. These issues, in varying degrees,
remain common in the nation's jails and prisons; however, we have learned over
the last thirty (30) years that these problems can be virtually eliminated by
reducing the barriers between staff and inmates and requiring staff to actively
supervise and manage inmate behavior. If inmate behavior is managed effectively,
jails and prisons can be a good workplace for staff, a safe and clean
correctional environment for inmates, and a valuable and highly regarded service
for the community. Services under this initiative focus on the elements of
inmate behavior management, which are relevant to all types and sizes of jails
and prisons. NIC's services related to direct supervision are also included
under this initiative.

 Link to Additional Information:

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 5, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BLACKBOARD: HELP ON HORIZON;
Tribal Colleges Plan for a Brighter Future

BYLINE: By ANDREA KANNAPELL

SECTION: Section 4A; Page 10; Column 3; Education Life Supplement

LENGTH: 330 words


For the 29 colleges and universities dedicated to serving America's Indian
tribes, President Clinton's recent executive order means hope, money and
meetings. Lots of meetings.

The meetings, in fact, started long before the October signing, which requires
the Cabinet to include these campuses in Federal programs that already
distribute billions of dollars to colleges annually. Among the programs are
research projects and internships, grants and fellowships.

"It's been a 20-year process," said Ada E. Deer, the Assistant Secretary of
Indian Affairs at the Department of the Interior. "Various attempts were made in
previous administrations. They were all building blocks for this." President
Clinton's order drew directly on two similar orders: one for historically black
colleges in 1944 and one for Hispanic colleges in 1994.

The money, all agree, is years away. "When you're building or trying to
strengthen infrastructure, you're not looking at an instant change," said James
W. Kohlmoos of the Education Department, who was on the task force that helped
write the executive order.

Mr. Kohlmoos said the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities
is eliciting plans from a multitude of Federal departments, which will be
blended into a consolidated five-year plan. All that will take at least nine
months to a year, Mr. Kohlmoos said.

But for the tribal colleges, with nearly two-thirds clustered in North and South
Dakota and Montana, the hope is stronger that ever. (There are approximately
15,000 students in the tribal colleges, which are mostly on reservations across
the country.) Joann Morris, a Sioux St. Marie Chippewa who is the director of
Indian programs at the Department of the Interior, said that the executive order
promised a quantum leap in Federal aid. "Before this, the connection was like an
old plug-in telephone switchboard," she said. "This way, the lines of
communication run both ways, easy and sleek."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 19, 2007 Friday
                                  All Editions

Students get boost at UMPI;
Low-income targeted

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


An Aroostook County university campus is the only college in the state - and one
of just six in New England - that has been chosen to take part in an ambitious
initiative geared toward boosting the number of underrepresented populations
graduating with four-year degrees.

Officials at the University of Maine at Presque Isle announced Thursday that The
Nellie Mae Education Foundation had selected the college as one of six New
England public postsecondary institutions to participate in Project Compass.

UMPI will receive $100,000 in the initial phases of the multiyear program, which
is designed to increase the academic success and graduation rates of minority
and low-income undergraduate students.

UMPI President Don Zillman characterized the announcement as "wonderful news."

He added that university leadership has thought about "lots of different things"
that it would like to do as part of this initiative and is excited about the
chance to "take a very in-depth look at our teaching and learning process."

Zillman pointed out Thursday afternoon that the university could receive nearly
$1 million in grant funding over the course of the endeavor.

As part of the initiative, which will be administered by the New England
Resource Center for Higher Education at the University of Massachusetts Boston,
UMPI will become part of a learning community of colleges and universities.

Some of those who will benefit from the program in northern Maine include
American Indian and rural, low-income students. UMPI plans to pinpoint
challenges to academic success for such students in order to help improve
retention and graduation rates.

As part of the program, UMPI will work with students and representatives from
the Aroostook Band of Micmacs and the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians who may
be first-generation college students or from families with limited incomes.

The university already has formed The UMPI Project Compass Community of
Practice, which will work to improve the school's retention and graduation
rates.

Zillman said university officials have been talking with tribal leaders about
potential programs.

Victoria Higgins, chief of the Aroostook Band of Micmacs, and Brenda Commander,
chief of the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, both expressed praise for the
initiative and the benefits the program will offer American Indian students.

The Project Compass program will be organized into two phases. During the first
year, time will be spent on planning and capacity-building. During the second
phase, the foundation will award up to four years of annual implementation
grants totaling $150,000 to $200,000. Such grants are contingent upon the
institutions' yearly progress on objectives developed during the planning year.

The Nellie Mae Education Foundation is the largest philanthropy in New England
that focuses exclusively on promoting access, quality and effectiveness of
education, according to its Web site. It also funds research that examines
critical educational opportunity issues.

The five other public colleges from New England that will join UMPI in the
Project Compass initiative include Bridgewater State College in Bridgewater,
Mass.; Eastern Connecticut State University in Willimantic, Conn.; Lyndon State
College in Lyndonville, Vt.; the University of Massachusetts, Boston; and
Western Connecticut State University in Danbury, Conn.

For information on Project Compass, visit www.nmefdn.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 8, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

ADA ;
Chickasaws to receive $800,000 federal grant

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 781 words


The Chickasaw Nation in Ada will receive an $800,000 federal grant to develop
initiatives and create economic opportunities for tribal members.

The grant is the maximum awarded through the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development's Community Block Grant Program for Indian Tribes and Alaskan
Native Villages.

"As a proud member of the Chickasaw Nation, I understand the importance of
creating opportunities for our less fortunate fellow Oklahomans," said U.S. Rep.
Tom Cole, who helped obtain the grant. "I am glad that the tribe will have these
funds to help the Chickasaw people secure decent housing and greater economic
opportunities."

The grant primarily will help lower-income Chickasaw Nation tribal members
maintain sustainable economic development and affordable housing.

BARTLESVILLE

Single-vehicle wreck claims one

A Bartlesville man died in a single-vehicle accident two miles south of here
Sunday morning, the Oklahoma Highway Patrol said.

About 11:45 a.m., Garrett Brown, 20, was driving north on U.S. 75 when his
vehicle ran off the right side of the road and traveled about 300 feet before
going airborne for about another 150 feet. The vehicle then crashed into a rock,
the patrol said. Brown died at the scene.

TULSA

Medical school to sponsor marathon

The University of Oklahoma College of Medicine-Tulsa will be the official health
sponsor for the second Route 66 Marathon in November.

OU-Tulsa will provide basic triage and major medical care for runners in all
races. The health team, which will be located on the route, will include five
physicians, resident physicians, athletic trainers and physical therapists.

The race will be in Tulsa on Nov. 18 and will showcase at least 6,000 runners
from around the world.

The run will be a Boston Marathon qualifier. Other events include a
half-marathon, quarter marathon, marathon relay and a children's marathon.

Proceeds will benefit the Tulsa Area United Way. Post-marathon festivities will
be held at Veterans Park and include two live bands, food vendors and a classic
car show.

For more information, go to  www.route66marathon.com.

NORMAN

Weather Service to honor observer

Recognizing 42 years of dedicated service, the National Weather Service has
named Helena resident Bonnie L. Jantz as a 2007 recipient of the Thomas
Jefferson Award for outstanding service in the Cooperative Weather Observer
Program. The award is the agency's most prestigious, and only seven are being
presented this year to observers in the nation.

"Cooperative observers are the bedrock of weather data collection and analysis,"
said Jack Hayes, director of the National Weather Service.

The award will be presented by representatives of the Norman office on Tuesday
at First Christian Church in Helena.

Bill Proenza, director of the National Weather Service Southern Region, said
Jantz and the thousands of cooperative observers across the nation have given
their time generously. According to the Oklahoma Climatological Survey, Jantz
has recorded more than 15,000 daily observations since March 1965. She
accomplished this record despite her personal commitments to the business she
owns with her husband, raising a family and active involvement in community and
church functions.

WEATHERFORD

Sorority to host youth activity camp

A youth activity camp is set for Saturday on the Southwestern Oklahoma State
University campus in Weatherford.

Social and service sorority Zeta Phi is planning the Zeta Bulldog Camp for
youths ages 4 to 12. Two sessions are planned, one from 8 a.m. to noon and the
other from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Wellness Center on the university campus.

Kayla Nieman, vice president of Zeta Phi, said there will be games, arts and
crafts, a lesson in stranger danger and other fun educational activities.
Helping with the entertainment will be university student-athletes, local
firefighters and police officers and Zeta Phi members.

Cost is $30 for one session or $50 for both. Only 50 spots will be available for
each session. A liability release form must be signed. To register, e-mail
niemank@student.swosu.edu

PONCA CITY

Power Week celebrates customers

Ponca City Energy will show appreciation to its customers this week, starting
today.

It's part of Public Power Week, an annual celebration recognizing the more than
2,000 community-owned electric utilities in the United States that provide
customers with electricity on a not-for-profit basis.

Ponca City Energy will show its appreciation from 1 to 5 p.m. Wednesday at City
Hall, 516 E Grand Ave. There will be drawings for gift bags, electrical safety
demonstrations and power displays. Free refreshments will be served. Compact
fluorescent lamps will be given away.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Rep. Tom Cole

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 8, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

ADA ;
Chickasaws to receive $800,000 federal grant

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 781 words


The Chickasaw Nation in Ada will receive an $800,000 federal grant to develop
initiatives and create economic opportunities for tribal members.

The grant is the maximum awarded through the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development's Community Block Grant Program for Indian Tribes and Alaskan
Native Villages.

"As a proud member of the Chickasaw Nation, I understand the importance of
creating opportunities for our less fortunate fellow Oklahomans," said U.S. Rep.
Tom Cole, who helped obtain the grant. "I am glad that the tribe will have these
funds to help the Chickasaw people secure decent housing and greater economic
opportunities."

The grant primarily will help lower-income Chickasaw Nation tribal members
maintain sustainable economic development and affordable housing.

BARTLESVILLE

Single-vehicle wreck claims one

A Bartlesville man died in a single-vehicle accident two miles south of here
Sunday morning, the Oklahoma Highway Patrol said.

About 11:45 a.m., Garrett Brown, 20, was driving north on U.S. 75 when his
vehicle ran off the right side of the road and traveled about 300 feet before
going airborne for about another 150 feet. The vehicle then crashed into a rock,
the patrol said. Brown died at the scene.

TULSA

Medical school to sponsor marathon

The University of Oklahoma College of Medicine-Tulsa will be the official health
sponsor for the second Route 66 Marathon in November.

OU-Tulsa will provide basic triage and major medical care for runners in all
races. The health team, which will be located on the route, will include five
physicians, resident physicians, athletic trainers and physical therapists.

The race will be in Tulsa on Nov. 18 and will showcase at least 6,000 runners
from around the world.

The run will be a Boston Marathon qualifier. Other events include a
half-marathon, quarter marathon, marathon relay and a children's marathon.

Proceeds will benefit the Tulsa Area United Way. Post-marathon festivities will
be held at Veterans Park and include two live bands, food vendors and a classic
car show.

For more information, go to  www.route66marathon.com.

NORMAN

Weather Service to honor observer

Recognizing 42 years of dedicated service, the National Weather Service has
named Helena resident Bonnie L. Jantz as a 2007 recipient of the Thomas
Jefferson Award for outstanding service in the Cooperative Weather Observer
Program. The award is the agency's most prestigious, and only seven are being
presented this year to observers in the nation.

"Cooperative observers are the bedrock of weather data collection and analysis,"
said Jack Hayes, director of the National Weather Service.

The award will be presented by representatives of the Norman office on Tuesday
at First Christian Church in Helena.

Bill Proenza, director of the National Weather Service Southern Region, said
Jantz and the thousands of cooperative observers across the nation have given
their time generously. According to the Oklahoma Climatological Survey, Jantz
has recorded more than 15,000 daily observations since March 1965. She
accomplished this record despite her personal commitments to the business she
owns with her husband, raising a family and active involvement in community and
church functions.

WEATHERFORD

Sorority to host youth activity camp

A youth activity camp is set for Saturday on the Southwestern Oklahoma State
University campus in Weatherford.

Social and service sorority Zeta Phi is planning the Zeta Bulldog Camp for
youths ages 4 to 12. Two sessions are planned, one from 8 a.m. to noon and the
other from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Wellness Center on the university campus.

Kayla Nieman, vice president of Zeta Phi, said there will be games, arts and
crafts, a lesson in stranger danger and other fun educational activities.
Helping with the entertainment will be university student-athletes, local
firefighters and police officers and Zeta Phi members.

Cost is $30 for one session or $50 for both. Only 50 spots will be available for
each session. A liability release form must be signed. To register, e-mail
niemank@student.swosu.edu

PONCA CITY

Power Week celebrates customers

Ponca City Energy will show appreciation to its customers this week, starting
today.

It's part of Public Power Week, an annual celebration recognizing the more than
2,000 community-owned electric utilities in the United States that provide
customers with electricity on a not-for-profit basis.

Ponca City Energy will show its appreciation from 1 to 5 p.m. Wednesday at City
Hall, 516 E Grand Ave. There will be drawings for gift bags, electrical safety
demonstrations and power displays. Free refreshments will be served. Compact
fluorescent lamps will be given away.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Rep. Tom Cole

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Not every county in the state is rich: USDA StrikeForce program targets poverty
in North Dakota

BYLINE: Katherine Grandstrand, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words


April 05--The prosperity seen in North Dakota is unmatched anywhere else in the
country. As of February, the state's unemployment rate sat at 3.3 percent.

For some Americans, North Dakota is like Israel was to the Jews in the book of
Exodus -- a land flowing with milk and honey. Modern-day pilgrims come to North
Dakota because it is flowing with oil and manufacturing jobs.

Pitted against this image are some North Dakota counties that are not
experiencing the boom and growth that have brought the state into the national
limelight. These counties are now the target of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's StrikeForce initiative, which aims to stimulate economic growth.

"We do have areas of consistently high poverty," said Jasper Schneider, state
director of USDA Rural Development for North Dakota. "Official unemployment
rates in these counties are upwards of 15 percent. Unofficial unemployment is
actually quite a bit higher than that."

Before last week, six states -- Georgia, Arkansas, Mississippi, Colorado, New
Mexico and Nevada --were part of the program. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack's announcement expanded StrikeForce to include 10 more -- the Dakotas,
the Carolinas, Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Texas, Utah and Virginia.

In North Dakota the program will target Benson, Rolette and Sioux counties along
with the tribal nations of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, Spirit Lake Tribe and
Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians.

"A chain is only as strong as its weakest link," Schneider said. "With our
resources, both on the state level and the federal level, we have an enormous
opportunity to pick up all parts of the state -- especially our lowest
performing parts," Schneider said.

The StrikeForce promotes existing USDA agencies and programs to encourage
economic growth in impoverished counties -- 90 percent of all poor counties are
considered rural.

"We kind of throw our full weight at these areas of high poverty and see if we
can't move the needle," Schneider said.

In Nevada, which was part of the second wave of states to use the StrikeForce
initiative, USDA representatives first reached out to the tribes, which helped
grow trust between them and the agency, said Bill Elder, assistant state
conservationist for operations for Nevada Natural Resources Conservation Service
and the StrikeForce state coordinator.

"We identified the Native American as the priority underserved community within
Nevada," he said from his Reno, Nev., office. "The leadership of the Rural
Development, of FSA -- the Farm Service Agency -- and NRCS went to each one of
these tribes and sat down with them and said, 'Look, we're here, and these are
the programs and services that we offer.'"

Because StrikeForce is an umbrella program for all USDA agencies, it allows them
to work together more efficiently to serve those eligible and identify
individuals who may qualify for programs through other USDA agencies, Elder
said.

"At the end of year one, what this had done for us was open pathways of
communication that we otherwise wouldn't have," he said. "If we can articulate
what it is we have to offer both in terms of programs and technical services so
they can make an informed decision about what's best for them, that's the home
run."

In its second year, Nevada expanded the program to include outreach to small
farmers by having a presence at pertinent events, such as agricultural shows.

"Geographically speaking, it's fairly easy to do," Elder said. "We gain
visibility, we are able to have one-on-one contact with people, find out what
their issues are, make them aware of program opportunities and services and
that's really the key, is that one-one-on or the small-group contact."

One of the first StrikeForce efforts in North Dakota will have USDA
representatives at the Looking to the Future sustainable agriculture convention
at Sitting Bull College in Fort Yates from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. today, said
Aaron Krauter, North Dakota USDA FSA executive director.

His agency plans to use the StrikeForce initiative to promote FSA programs and
loans that could help farmers and ranchers succeed and grow, Krauter said.

"We also have real estate loans for individuals that are eligible if they want
to purchase that pasture land or that quarter of crop ground," he said.

USDA Rural Development released the Tribal Progress Report on Thursday which
highlights the USDA grants and loans the tribes of North Dakota have taken
advantage of since 2009.

Many of those funds were used to improve the tribal colleges, Schneider said.

"I'm a firm believer that one of the best ways to combat persistently high
poverty is through education," Schneider said. "We made it a priority at USDA to
partner with the tribal colleges and they've really become first-class campuses
and provide the opportunity of a real quality post-secondary education. They're
probably the best example of what's going right in our tribal communities."

More from around the web

___ (c)2013 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130405-QX-Not-every-county-in-the-state-is-rich-USDA-StrikeForce-program-targe
ts-poverty-in-North-Dakota-0405-20130405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2013 The Dickinson Press


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              www.philanthropy.com

                               November 29, 2016

From Animals to Disaster Aid: A Donor's Legacy of Giving

BYLINE: Suzanne Perry

LENGTH: 594  words

ABSTRACT

A sampling of Margaret A. Cargill Philanthropies grants shows how the
organization's continues to give in accordance with its late namesake's wishes.


FULL TEXT

Margaret A. Cargill Philanthropies last year adopted seven permanent program
areas, or "domains," to guide giving in accordance with Margaret Cargill's
wishes. Here is a sample of the philanthropy's grants in recent years in each
domain. Unless otherwise noted, all were awarded by Margaret A. Cargill
Foundation, one of three grant makers under the Cargill umbrella.

Animal Welfare

Care of domestic and injured wild animals; increasing empathy toward animals.

University of Wisconsin-Madison, July 2016, $851,598 over three years for the
shelter medicine program, providing educational opportunities to veterinarians
and veterinary students working in animal shelters.

Arts and Culture

Folk arts, Native American art, music, textile art, and artistically significant
crafts.

American Indian College Fund, August 2013, $860,000 over 42 months to provide
regranting opportunities to the 13 Upper Midwest tribal colleges and
universities for efforts to expand knowledge and skills related to lost and
endangered Native art forms.

North House Folk School, October 2016, $675,000 over three years to strengthen
Scandinavian folk arts in northern Minnesota.

Disaster Relief and Recovery

Emphasis is on events receiving little attention.

Center for Disaster Philanthropy, October 2016, $3.1 million over three years to
support early-recovery needs of vulnerable populations affected by natural
disasters in the Midwest.

American Red Cross, International Services Department,June 2016, $1.47 million
over one year from Anne Ray Charitable Trust to provide more staff members for
international-response programs and improved emergency-response technology.

Environment

Conservation of natural resources; protection of animal habitats.

The Nature Conservancy, May 2016, $5.5 million over two years from Anne Ray
Charitable Trust to demonstrate how to protect and restore forests, reduce
carbon emissions, and improve the lives of local communities in Brazil,
Indonesia, Mexico, and the United States.

Wildlife Conservation Society,October 2015, $2.7 million over three years to
reduce the loss of biodiversity and natural habitats in the Lower Mekong and
Irrawaddy river basins in Southeast Asia.

World Wildlife Fund.August 2016, $1.67 million over two years to conserve the
ecological function of the Northern Great Plain grasslands by involving
communities in a local-to-global approach.

Quality of Life

Helping vulnerable children, young adults, families, and older people.

University of North Dakota, July 2016, $1.74 million over three years to
strengthen long-term services to help elders of Spirit Lake Nation age in place.
The project is expected to result in a model that other tribal communities can
replicate.

YMCA of the USA, November 2015, $4.3 million over one year from Anne Ray
Charitable Trust to support the Achievement Gap Initiative, which helps young
people improve their school readiness, engagement, and success.

Legacy and Opportunity

Flexible funding for work that's in line with the philanthropy's values,
including projects in the Upper Midwest and Southern California.

CommonBond Communities, June 2012,$2 million over five years for the Housing
Investment Fund's Open 4,000 Doors Campaign, which provides capital to build and
preserve affordable apartments and townhomes for families, seniors, and people
with disabilities.

Teachers

Recruitment, training, and retention.

This domain is still being developed.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Meetings: Humanities Panel

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the National Foundation on
the Arts and the Humanities (ARTS)



  Action



 Notice of meetings.

 Summary



 The National Endowment for the Humanities will hold nine meetings of the
Humanities Panel, a federal advisory committee, during September, 2016. The
purpose of the meetings is for panel review, discussion, evaluation, and
recommendation of applications for financial assistance under the National
Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965.



 Dates



 See SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for meeting dates. The meetings will open
at 8:30 a.m. and will adjourn by 5:00 p.m. on the dates specified below.

 Addresses



 The meetings will be held at the National Endowment for the Humanities at
Constitution Center at 400 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20506.

 For Further Information Contact



 Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer, 400 7th Street SW., Room
4060, Washington, DC 20506; (202)606-8322; evoyatzis@neh.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C.
App.), notice is hereby given of the following meetings:



 1. Date: September 1, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of International Topics
for Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants, submitted to the Division
of Public Programs.



 2. Date: September 6, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for
Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs.



 3. Date: September 7, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for
Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs.



 4. Date: September 8, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of U.S. History for
Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs.



 5. Date: September 12, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Hispanic-Serving Institutions grant program, submitted to the Division of
Education Programs.



 6. Date: September 13, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Historically Black Colleges and Universities grant program, submitted to the
Division of Education Programs.



 7. Date: September 13, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of World History and
Culture for Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted to the
Division of Public Programs.



 8. Date: September 14, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of U.S. History for
Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs.



 9. Date: September 14, 2016.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal
Colleges and Universities grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs.



 Because these meetings will include review of personal and/or proprietary
financial and commercial information given in confidence to the agency by grant
applicants, the meetings will be closed to the public pursuant to sections
552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6) of Title 5, U.S.C., as amended. The Committee
Management Officer, Elizabeth Voyatzis, has made this determination pursuant to
the authority granted her by the Chairman's Delegation of Authority to Close
Advisory Committee Meetings dated April 15, 2016.

 Dated: August 8, 2016.

 Michael P. McDonald,

 General Counsel and Federal Register Liaison Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-19204 Filed 8-11-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 7536-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Pak-US Alumni Network (PUAN) delegates visits AIOU

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 206

LENGTH: 656  words


Delegates of Pakistan US Alumni Network (PUAN) International Conference on
Monday visited Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) and lauded its learning
system that mainly benefit the people from remote regions, particularly females.

The delegates including from regional countries showed keen interest in the
University's education system and noted that it had major contribution in
enhancing literacy and coping with the educational needs of drop-out students.

Vice Chancellor Prof. Dr. Shahid Siddiqui while welcoming the delegates said
that the University was focusing on meaningful education and applied research
that benefit the society and help to address the country's socio-economic
problems.

They, he said feel excited that major chunk of their enrolled students are
females, mostly from far-flung areas including those from tribal regions who
otherwise could not join formal education due to social and financial
constraints.

A number of female students from tribal regions who were present on the occasion
acknowledged the University's leading role in meeting their educational needs at
the door-steps.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui briefed the delegates about the recent initiative taken by
the University offering academic support to religious institutions.

He also highlighted the financial support being extended to IDPs' students,
physically handicapped and those affected by natural disaster. Scholarships
amounting to around Rs. 12 million are being offered annually to the deserving
students.

The University, he added is also providing free education to marginalized
section of the society, including prisoners and disabled persons. As a gesture
towards visually impaired students, an 'Accessibility Center' has been set up at
the University's main Campus to facilitate them in their educational pursuits.

About the education to seminaries' students, Dr. Shahid Siddiqui said they will
provide them academic support for accreditation and equivalence of their B.A and
M.A level degrees.

The students will be able to enroll themselves with AIOU for the study of
compulsory subjects at graduate level including English Pakistan Studies, the
decision to this effect was taken at a meeting held under the chairmanship of
Minister of State for Education Mohammad Balighur Rehman in presence
ofrepresentatives of Wafaq-ul-Madaris and Higher Education Commission.

It was agreed that that every possible support including books and tutorial
workshops will be provided by the AIOU to the enrolled students.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui said the seminaries' students will be facilitated in the
admission and examination process. They will fully support the initiative being
carried out by the government for Madaris reforms so as to bring them into
mainstream.

The University will arrange the academic courses that help the students to
qualify compulsory/elective subjects of Bachelor level. It will also adopt
credible mechanism for conducting exams for the Madaras's students.

The fee structure for the students of Madaris will be normal as per AIOU
policy.The needy students will be provided financial assistance in shape of
scholarships, as well.Text books and tutorial support will be provided by the
University. Admissions will be offered twice a year.

The Vice Chancellor further said that they had been in negotiation with HEC for
the last six months for the AIOU's role in arranging better educational
facilities to the Madrass' students in order to bring their academic degrees at
par with normal educational institutions. He hoped that thousands of students of
Wafaq-ul-Madaris will take benefit of these arrangements.

The AIOU will be starting its new admission from August one, and these students
could availed the opportunity to take the admission in their relevant programs,
he added.

Head of International collaboration exchange office Zahid Majeed briefed the
delegates about academic programmes being offered by the University to foreign
students.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Pak-US Alumni Network (PUAN) delegates visits AIOU

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 206

LENGTH: 656  words


Delegates of Pakistan US Alumni Network (PUAN) International Conference on
Monday visited Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) and lauded its learning
system that mainly benefit the people from remote regions, particularly females.

The delegates including from regional countries showed keen interest in the
University's education system and noted that it had major contribution in
enhancing literacy and coping with the educational needs of drop-out students.

Vice Chancellor Prof. Dr. Shahid Siddiqui while welcoming the delegates said
that the University was focusing on meaningful education and applied research
that benefit the society and help to address the country's socio-economic
problems.

They, he said feel excited that major chunk of their enrolled students are
females, mostly from far-flung areas including those from tribal regions who
otherwise could not join formal education due to social and financial
constraints.

A number of female students from tribal regions who were present on the occasion
acknowledged the University's leading role in meeting their educational needs at
the door-steps.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui briefed the delegates about the recent initiative taken by
the University offering academic support to religious institutions.

He also highlighted the financial support being extended to IDPs' students,
physically handicapped and those affected by natural disaster. Scholarships
amounting to around Rs. 12 million are being offered annually to the deserving
students.

The University, he added is also providing free education to marginalized
section of the society, including prisoners and disabled persons. As a gesture
towards visually impaired students, an 'Accessibility Center' has been set up at
the University's main Campus to facilitate them in their educational pursuits.

About the education to seminaries' students, Dr. Shahid Siddiqui said they will
provide them academic support for accreditation and equivalence of their B.A and
M.A level degrees.

The students will be able to enroll themselves with AIOU for the study of
compulsory subjects at graduate level including English Pakistan Studies, the
decision to this effect was taken at a meeting held under the chairmanship of
Minister of State for Education Mohammad Balighur Rehman in presence
ofrepresentatives of Wafaq-ul-Madaris and Higher Education Commission.

It was agreed that that every possible support including books and tutorial
workshops will be provided by the AIOU to the enrolled students.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui said the seminaries' students will be facilitated in the
admission and examination process. They will fully support the initiative being
carried out by the government for Madaris reforms so as to bring them into
mainstream.

The University will arrange the academic courses that help the students to
qualify compulsory/elective subjects of Bachelor level. It will also adopt
credible mechanism for conducting exams for the Madaras's students.

The fee structure for the students of Madaris will be normal as per AIOU
policy.The needy students will be provided financial assistance in shape of
scholarships, as well.Text books and tutorial support will be provided by the
University. Admissions will be offered twice a year.

The Vice Chancellor further said that they had been in negotiation with HEC for
the last six months for the AIOU's role in arranging better educational
facilities to the Madrass' students in order to bring their academic degrees at
par with normal educational institutions. He hoped that thousands of students of
Wafaq-ul-Madaris will take benefit of these arrangements.

The AIOU will be starting its new admission from August one, and these students
could availed the opportunity to take the admission in their relevant programs,
he added.

Head of International collaboration exchange office Zahid Majeed briefed the
delegates about academic programmes being offered by the University to foreign
students.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Wampanoag students get boost from summer program

BYLINE: Heather Wysocki, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Aug. 10--WESTON -- Last year, Stephen Cabral failed biology.

The 15-year-old Cape Cod Regional Technical High School student from Marstons
Mills expected to attend summer school instead of enjoying the break along with
other students.

But a new initiative allowed the Mashpee Wampanoag teen to catch up academically
while learning important ways to help himself through school -- and encourage
other tribal members to excel as well.

"I thought I was headed to summer school. But here you get to do a lot more
things," Stephen said.

Called Native Tribal Scholars, the six-week program took 38 tribal teens ages 13
to 18 and put them in an intensive academic setting at Regis College with a mix
of classes. Some, such as tribal sovereignty, are subjects that the Native
Americans probably wouldn't get in high school.

Coordinators hope the program will lead all its participants to graduate high
school and at least 80 percent to go to college.

"We're trying to put them through college, but basically we're trying to get
them through high school," program director Gail Hill said.

The program is funded by a $1.2 million federal grant and supported by the North
American Indian Center of Boston and UMass Boston's Institute for New England
Native American Studies. About 95 percent of the participants are Mashpee
Wampanoag tribal members and the other 5 percent are from other tribes, Hill
said.

The teens are a mix of successful students and others who struggle academically,
she said.

Nationally, 57 percent of Native Americans graduate high school, according to
federal Bureau of Indian Education statistics. The Mashpee Wampanoags have only
a 48 percent graduation rate.

At Mashpee High School, which has a higher number of native students than the
state average, students at large graduate at a rate of 79 percent, according to
the state Department of Elementary and Secondary Education.

"I think the emphasis in the educational system possibly hasn't been focused on
our students," said Hill, a former Mashpee educator.

Mashpee High School has an Indian education coordinator, but sometimes it isn't
enough, she said.

To get students on the right track, instructors mix English, science and math
with aspects of the teens' tribal culture -- for example, writing a report on a
book with a Native American protagonist, lead instructor Josh Reid said.

It is modeled on UMass Boston's Upward Bound program for struggling students, he
added.

On Tuesday, teacher Michael Soden guided students through a poster-making
project aimed at teaching them about tribal sovereignty and where they fit in
with their tribe's efforts to gain it.

Using magazine cutouts and glue sticks, the students picked words that
represented themselves and wrote an essay on how those interests and personality
traits could be used for the greater good.

"What we try to do in this class is change their perspective," Soden said.

For Cabral and fellow Mashpee Wampanoag Keturah Peters, 15, of Mashpee, the
class showed them their participation at tribal events such as powwows and
quahogging trips means more than just a fun weekend.

"Normally in the summer I just sit around and relax," Keturah, a member of the
tribe's youth council, said. "But sovereignty, you can't really learn it
anywhere else. They don't teach it at school."

"Now, I think I could be a lot more involved," Stephen Cabral said of his tribe.

Outside the classroom, students have time to socialize and pursue their own
activities -- some of which, coordinators noted, could be the key to keeping
them engaged.

"I just learned she plays piano," Hill said of Autumn Bingham, 14, of Mashpee as
the teen sat in a corner of College Hall enthusiastically playing a few notes
before afternoon classes began. "Sometimes you just don't know what the hook is,
how to make a connection with someone."

If Native Tribal Scholars is successful at keeping its participants in school,
the program's four-year grant could be extended into the first official Upward
Bound program on the East Coast to focus on Native American students, Reid said.

On Thursday, the summer program will culminate in a "Family Day" where parents
will visit and students can showcase projects they've worked on -- and their
newfound enthusiasm for school.

"This gave them that support that gives them the confidence to succeed," Reid
said. "There are a few high school dropouts who are now like, 'I'm going back
next year.'"

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110810-CA-Wampanoag-students-get-boost-from-summer-program-0810-20110810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2011 Cape Code Times


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Heitkamp Helps Re-Introduce Bill to Preserve and Expand Native American
Languages

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a member of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
today re-introduced a bill to preserve endangered Native American languages that
face the threat of extinction.

In addition to protecting these languages, histories, and cultures, studies have
shown that language immersion programs also help Native students improve
academically, build pride in Native American cultures, and boost morale. Native
children face the lowest high school graduation rate of any ethnic demographic
group, at just 67 percent, and these types of programs could help erase this
stark statistic.

"In North Dakota, we have seen the benefits of Native language programs -
including at Lakota Language Nest at Standing Rock where children learn about
their history and culture, and they sang last year for the President and First
Lady in their Lakota language," said Heitkamp. "By enabling Native children to
learn their languages, we aren't only helping the languages thrive for future
generations, but we're also helping these kids grow, do better in school, and
start off on the right foot. We need to do everything we can to give every
Native child an opportunity to succeed, and this bill is an important step."

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act would establish a new
grant initiative to establish or expand Native language immersion instruction
from pre-Kindergarten through college. In North Dakota, the bill could help
existing language immersion programs like the Lak?ól'iyapi Ho?pí (Lakota
Language Nest) at Standing Rock, Wakanheza oti (Sacred Children's Place) at
Spirit Lake, and Tiny Turtles preschool at Turtle Mountain, which often face
hurdles hiring qualified staff and purchasing relevant curriculum.

In the bill, individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grants can be
awarded to tribes, tribal organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and
public or private schools to establish or expand existing immersion classes for
students. The bill seeks to limit overhead costs and reduce the resource demands
on tribal and school administrators seeking language immersion funding.

Without such programs to preserve Native American languages and culture in
Indian Country, these languages could disappear. All of the approximately 148
remaining Native languages that are still spoken in the U.S. are at the risk of
extinction within 50-100 years unless preservation actions are taken.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: My Brother's Keeper Task Force: One-Year Progress Report to the
President

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:


On February 27, 2014, President Barack Obama launched "My Brother's Keeper"
(MBK) and issued a powerful call to action to close opportunity gaps still faced
by too many young people, and often by boys and young men of color in
particular. The President's announcement encouraged candid dialogues around the
country and a greater sense of responsibility among community leaders, and young
people themselves to put all youth in a position to thrive, regardless of their
race, gender, or socioeconomic status. Over the course of the past year, efforts
have advanced along three areas of focus based on the goals laid out in the MBK
Presidential Memorandum: state and local engagement, private sector action -
independent nonprofit, philanthropic and corporate action; and Public Policy
review and reform. The report being released today provides an update on all
three approaches over the course of a year since the MBK launch. You can find
the full report HERE.


State and Local Engagement: The MBK Community Challenge
Since late September 2014, nearly 200 mayors, tribal leaders, and county
executives across 43 states and the District of Columbia have accepted the MBK
Community Challenge in partnership with more than 2,000 individual
community-based allies. These "MBK Communities" are working with leading experts
in youth and community development to design and implement cradle-to-college
-and-career action plans. Within six months of accepting the Challenge, MBK
Communities commit to review local public policy, host action summits, and start
implementing their locally tailored action plans to address opportunity gaps.
MBK Communities are provided with technical assistance to develop, implement and
track plans of action from both federal agencies and independent organizations
with related expertise.

Challenge acceptors (full list) include:

The nation's five largest cities: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and
Philadelphia.
    Small cities and towns, including Prichard, AL, Berea, OH, Carlisle, PA,
Holly Hill, SC, and Ranson, WV.
    Cities with some of the highest African American populations, including
Detroit, Birmingham and Washington, DC.
    Cities with some of the highest Hispanic populations, including San
Francisco, Dallas, Miami and Phoenix.
    Seventeen Tribal Nations, including the Cherokee, Cheyenne River, Hoonah and
Navajo tribal nations.

Private-Sector Action: Business, Philanthropy and Nonprofit Action
Foundations, businesses, and social enterprises have responded to the
President's call to action by taking steps to ensure that communities have the
support they need and by providing funding and advice for aligned national
initiatives. More than $300 million in grants and in-kind resources have been
independently committed already to advance the mission of MBK, including
investments in safe and effective schools, mentoring programs, juvenile justice
reforms, and school redesign. For example, the Council of the Great City Schools
(CGCS) is coordinating the leaders of 63 of the largest urban school systems in
the country in a pledge to change life outcomes by better serving students at
every stage of their education; Prudential announced a commitment of $13 million
to support technical assistance for MBK Communities as well as impact
investments for innovative for-profit and nonprofit social purpose enterprises
that eliminate barriers to financial and social mobility; and on Christmas Day
2014, the NBA launched a public service announcement and campaign in partnership
with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership to recruit 25,000 new mentors
over the next five years.

Policy: The Federal Response

The MBK Task Force, an interagency working group of representatives of over ten
agencies across the Federal government,  has encouraged and tracked
implementation of the recommendations outlined in the initial 90-day report
issued in May. Those efforts have led to greater focus on federal investments
that support evidence-based interventions. For example, grant programs, like the
Department of Labor's American Apprenticeship Initiative and the National Guard
Youth ChalleNGe, harness federal resources to create clearer pathways to success
by helping youth build both work and life skills. Public-private partnerships
like Youth Opportunity AmeriCorps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps and 21st Century
Conservation Service Corps are working with the Corporation for National and
Community Service to engage underserved youth in service that has the potential
to transform their lives and the communities they serve. Similarly, the
Departments of Education and Justice issued Correctional Education guidance to
help to ensure that incarcerated youth have the full protection of existing laws
and benefits. The federal government has also advanced its efforts to track
quality data for boys and young men of color and their peers.

Through MBK, this Administration will continue to improve transparency and
accountability to address persistent opportunity gaps at every level and improve
outcomes for all young people to ensure they have the opportunity to succeed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Arizona: Attorney General Holder Announces $6.7 Million to Improve Legal Defense
Services for the Poor

LENGTH: 1395  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Attorney General Eric Holder today announced a total of $6.7 million in grants
to state and local criminal and civil legal services organizations across the
country that provide legal defense services for the poor.  These grants from the
Office of Justice Programs (OJP) are part of the Justice Department's continuing
efforts to improve indigent defense, which is often underfunded and
understaffed, and to support training, mentoring, technical assistance,
leadership development and research to enhance the effectiveness of adult,
juvenile and tribal indigent defense practices.

"Everyone accused of a serious crime has the right to legal representation -
even if she or he cannot afford it," said Attorney General Holder.  "In recent
years, the Department of Justice has made a commitment to improving the
delivery, quality and availability of legal services for everyone in our
country, including the very poor.  Today's significant grant awards will help
ensure America's criminal justice system is fair for every defendant, regardless
of wealth."

"These awards, in conjunction with other efforts we're making to strengthen
indigent defense, will fortify our public defender system and help us to meet
our constitutional and moral obligation to administer a justice system that
matches its demands for accountability with a commitment to fair, due process
for poor defendants," said Associate Attorney General Tony West.

The FY 2013 grants, which promote cost-effective innovations to improve indigent
defense, are administered by OJP's Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA), National
Institute of Justice (NIJ) and Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency
Prevention (OJJDP).

In FY 2013, BJA awarded a total of $5.4 million.  Of this amount, $1 million was
awarded to Gideon's Promise, a nonprofit organization that partners with public
defender offices to build a community of attorneys committed to indigent defense
reform.  The funds will provide 25 new attorneys, including criminal defense
lawyers working on tribal lands; establish training and leadership development
for public defender trainers and supervisors and a semi-annual leadership summit
for chief defenders; and create an advisory council to test measures and
indicators showing the outcomes of providing effective counsel for all
individuals.

Another $90,000 was awarded to the states of Mississippi, Tennessee and Utah
through BJA's National Training and Technical Assistance Center (NTTAC).
Through NTTAC, BJA assists jurisdictions with meeting their constitutional
obligation to provide adequate representation to indigent defendants.  Services
include assessing the effectiveness of indigent defense systems, developing
recommendations to ensure adequate and appropriate services are provided
consistently throughout the state and determining appropriate measures for
evaluating a defender services program.

The Measures for Justice (MFJ) initiative, which will provide a framework for
using indicator metrics to evaluate local criminal justice systems against a
national standard of excellence, received $50,000.  MFJ is conducting a pilot
study in Milwaukee to examine the capacity and availability of resources at the
local level and to determine where additional resources are needed within the
criminal justice system.

Answering Gideon's Call, a national assistance program to improve the
effectiveness of right to counsel services, received $1.8 million of the $5.4
million awarded by BJA.  Of the $1.8 million, Seattle University received
$450,000 to, in partnership with the Sixth Amendment Center (6AC), provide
training and technical assistance to educate policymakers and aid the unfunded,
legislatively established Office of the Public Defender in Mississippi and work
with the Utah Judicial Council to develop standards assessing indigent defense
services to help state legislatures meet their constitutional obligations.
Another $891,854 was awarded to the National Association of Criminal Defense
Lawyers (NACDL) to train public defenders and assigned counsel by regions to
meet specific jurisdictional needs, such as helping them to better manage
workloads.  The remaining $450,000 went to American University in partnership
with the National Legal Aid and Defender Association to conduct a nationwide
self-assessment evaluating whether state and local indigent defense providers
comply with standards incorporated into the American Bar Association's Ten
Principles, producing the first national empirical assessment of quality of
indigent defense services.

Through its Encouraging Innovation:  Field Initiated Programs, BJA awarded a
total of $619,700 to the San Francisco Public Defender's Office ($395,231) to
create the first local and nationally applicable checklist system to better
guide attorneys through key moments in cases, ensuring competent representation
and avoiding costly errors, and to NACDL ($224,469) to develop pretrial release
manuals for the defense bar and to provide onsite training and distance learning
to give attorneys the necessary tools to engage in effective bail advocacy.

The remaining $1.9 million of BJA's awarded $5.4 million was provided through
the Tribal Civil and Criminal Legal Assistance Initiative, designed to improve
access to tribal justice systems and strengthen representation of indigent
defendants in civil causes of action and in criminal cases under Indian tribes'
jurisdiction.  Of the $1.9 million, the Tulalip Foundation received $262,943 to
provide regional, direct legal services to tribal members and $121,779 to create
a Criminal Conflict Counsel Program to train defense counsel and provide
services to resolve cases.  The Native American Rights Fund received $715,944 to
continue its partnership with the National American Indian Legal Association and
its 25 Indian Legal Services organizations providing civil legal representation
to tribes and tribal members, and a second award of $515,940 to provide indigent
defense services to tribes and tribal members.  The William Mitchell College of
Law received $283,394 to provide direct criminal defense services and legal
assistance to up to seven tribes.

OJJDP made two FY 2013 awards, totaling more than $1 million, to the National
Juvenile Defender Center in the District of Columbia in order to improve
juvenile indigent defense across the nation.  The first award, in the amount of
$400,000, will provide juvenile defense counsel with customized technical
assistance, training, and resources for policy development and reform.  The
second award, in the amount of $695,000, will support the Juvenile Indigent
Defense Special Initiative to reduce the overrepresentation of minority youth in
the juvenile justice system and to improve access to counsel and quality of
representation for youth with unique needs, including lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender youth and those with disabilities, substance abuse behaviors and
language access needs.

In FY 2013, NIJ awarded $334,000 to the RAND Corp. in Pittsburgh, Pa., for an
empirical evaluation of the holistic approach to individual defense, which
includes the defense attorney as one member of an interdisciplinary team
providing comprehensive services to address defendants' legal and social needs.
The study will examine the effect of holistic defense on case outcomes such as
plea status, verdict and sentence and disposition length and estimate the
effectiveness of the holistic approach for subgroups of offenses or defendants.

More information about the Justice Department's Access to Justice Initiative,
which works to strengthen and improve legal services for disadvantaged groups,
is available at www.usdoj.gov/atj.

OJP, headed by Assistant Attorney General Karol V. Mason, provides federal
leadership in developing the nation's capacity to prevent and control crime,
administer justice and assist victims.  OJP has six components: the Bureau of
Justice Assistance; the Bureau of Justice Statistics; the National Institute of
Justice; the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; the Office
for Victims of Crime and the Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring,
Apprehending, Registering and Tracking.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Senator Schatz, Colleagues Introduce Bill to Support Native American Languages

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Brian Schatz, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Brian Schatz (D-Hawai'i), Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Mark Heinrich
(D-N.M.), Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.), and Tom Udall (D-N.M.) have introduced a bill
to preserve endangered Native languages.  The Native Language Immersion Student
Achievement Act creates a new grant initiative to establish or expand Native
language immersion programs.  The grants will support the revitalization and
maintenance of indigenous languages while increasing educational opportunities
for American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian students.

"Immersion schools in Hawai'i have shown us that if we incorporate culture,
traditions, and language into education, we can preserve Native languages,
improve student outcomes, and lift native communities," said Senator Schatz.
"Our bill builds on the success of schools like Nawahiokalaniopuu and preserves
our Native languages and cultures for this generation and the next."

"Native languages connect students with their culture, history and heritage,"
said Senator Tester.  "This bill increases access to critical funding for
language immersion programs and ensures the survival of Native languages before
it is too late."

The Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act establishes a grant
program under the Department of Education.  The bill seeks to limit overhead
costs and reduce the resource demands on tribal and school administrators
seeking language immersion funding.

"The National Coalition of Native American Schools and Programs is thrilled with
this bill as it supports the use of Native American languages as the primary
language of instruction," said N?maka Rawlins, Co-Chair of the National
Coalition of Native American Schools and Programs.  "We are also working hard to
ensure that the new Elementary and Secondary Education Act  aligns to the Native
American Languages Act. And, we thank Senator Schatz for his strong support of
our efforts."

"Over the last thirty years, Hawai?i has developed distinct Native language
medium-immersion models of education from the infant toddler through doctoral
levels that are demonstrating successful and promising student achievement
results as it revitalizes its Native language," said Dr. Keiki Kawai?ae?a,
Director of the UH-Hilo Hawaiian Language College.  "As a Hawaiian
medium-immersion parent, grandparent, teacher educator and administrator, I am
elated and sincerely grateful to Senator Tester and Senator Schatz for
reintroducing the Native Language Immersion Student Achievement Act that
supports the revitalization and stabilization of Native American languages
through Native language medium-immersion education."

Individual grant levels and lengths are flexible. The grant program totals $5
million per year for five years.  The grants can be awarded to tribes, tribal
organizations, Tribal Colleges and Universities, and public or private schools
to establish or expand existing immersion classes for students ranging from
Pre-K through post-secondary education levels.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: My Brother's Keeper Task Force: One-Year Progress Report to the
President

LENGTH: 878  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:


On February 27, 2014, President Barack Obama launched "My Brother's Keeper"
(MBK) and issued a powerful call to action to close opportunity gaps still faced
by too many young people, and often by boys and young men of color in
particular. The President's announcement encouraged candid dialogues around the
country and a greater sense of responsibility among community leaders, and young
people themselves to put all youth in a position to thrive, regardless of their
race, gender, or socioeconomic status. Over the course of the past year, efforts
have advanced along three areas of focus based on the goals laid out in the MBK
Presidential Memorandum: state and local engagement, private sector action -
independent nonprofit, philanthropic and corporate action; and Public Policy
review and reform. The report being released today provides an update on all
three approaches over the course of a year since the MBK launch. You can find
the full report HERE.


State and Local Engagement: The MBK Community Challenge
Since late September 2014, nearly 200 mayors, tribal leaders, and county
executives across 43 states and the District of Columbia have accepted the MBK
Community Challenge in partnership with more than 2,000 individual
community-based allies. These "MBK Communities" are working with leading experts
in youth and community development to design and implement cradle-to-college
-and-career action plans. Within six months of accepting the Challenge, MBK
Communities commit to review local public policy, host action summits, and start
implementing their locally tailored action plans to address opportunity gaps.
MBK Communities are provided with technical assistance to develop, implement and
track plans of action from both federal agencies and independent organizations
with related expertise.

Challenge acceptors (full list) include:

The nation's five largest cities: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and
Philadelphia.
 Small cities and towns, including Prichard, AL, Berea, OH, Carlisle, PA, Holly
Hill, SC, and Ranson, WV.
 Cities with some of the highest African American populations, including
Detroit, Birmingham and Washington, DC.
 Cities with some of the highest Hispanic populations, including San Francisco,
Dallas, Miami and Phoenix.
 Seventeen Tribal Nations, including the Cherokee, Cheyenne River, Hoonah and
Navajo tribal nations.

Private-Sector Action: Business, Philanthropy and Nonprofit Action
Foundations, businesses, and social enterprises have responded to the
President's call to action by taking steps to ensure that communities have the
support they need and by providing funding and advice for aligned national
initiatives. More than $300 million in grants and in-kind resources have been
independently committed already to advance the mission of MBK, including
investments in safe and effective schools, mentoring programs, juvenile justice
reforms, and school redesign. For example, the Council of the Great City Schools
(CGCS) is coordinating the leaders of 63 of the largest urban school systems in
the country in a pledge to change life outcomes by better serving students at
every stage of their education; Prudential announced a commitment of $13 million
to support technical assistance for MBK Communities as well as impact
investments for innovative for-profit and nonprofit social purpose enterprises
that eliminate barriers to financial and social mobility; and on Christmas Day
2014, the NBA launched a public service announcement and campaign in partnership
with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership to recruit 25,000 new mentors
over the next five years.

Policy: The Federal Response

The MBK Task Force, an interagency working group of representatives of over ten
agencies across the Federal government, has encouraged and tracked
implementation of the recommendations outlined in the initial 90-day report
issued in May. Those efforts have led to greater focus on federal investments
that support evidence-based interventions. For example, grant programs, like the
Department of Labor's American Apprenticeship Initiative and the National Guard
Youth ChalleNGe, harness federal resources to create clearer pathways to success
by helping youth build both work and life skills. Public-private partnerships
like Youth Opportunity AmeriCorps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps and 21st Century
Conservation Service Corps are working with the Corporation for National and
Community Service to engage underserved youth in service that has the potential
to transform their lives and the communities they serve. Similarly, the
Departments of Education and Justice issued Correctional Education guidance to
help to ensure that incarcerated youth have the full protection of existing laws
and benefits. The federal government has also advanced its efforts to track
quality data for boys and young men of color and their peers.

Through MBK, this Administration will continue to improve transparency and
accountability to address persistent opportunity gaps at every level and improve
outcomes for all young people to ensure they have the opportunity to succeed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Yale researchers discover historic Mohegan writings

LENGTH: 786  words

DATELINE: New Haven


Yale University has issued the following news release:

The Yale Indian Papers Project (YIPP) and the Mohegan Council of Elders are
reacting with excitement to the discovery of historically significant writings
by two noted tribal cultural figures: Samson Occom (1723-1792), an 18th century
Mohegan minister and preacher, and Fidelia Smith Fielding (1827-1908), the last
known speaker of the Mohegan Pequot language.

During a recent visit to the archives of the Thomas Leffingwell House & Museum
in Norwich, Connecticut, Paul Grant-Costa and Tobias Glaza of YIPP examined, at
the suggestion of Leffingwell archivist Richard Guidebeck, an unidentified 1776
manuscript. The document described a religious deathbed discussion between a
Mohegan Indian woman and her mother.

The manuscript is historically valuable in its own right, but subsequent
research and analysis revealed a bigger surprise: The document narrative was
written by Occom, and notations made on it more than 60 years later were penned
by Fielding.

Grant-Costa, YIPP executive editor, explains that several factors make the
document significant: First, Occom figures prominently in the history of New
England and its Indian communities, as well as American religious history, and
his journals from the time period of the newly discovered document had been
considered lost. Second, the document is one of the only recorded Native
American deathbed statements from this time period. Third, the notations by
Fielding are valuable given her importance in Mohegan history and culture and
given the scarcity of known writings by her.

"The Mohegan Council of Elders, the tribal historian, and other tribal
representatives were keenly interested in the materials from these two noted
tribal cultural figures," Grant-Costa says. "Occom's journal from this time
period has been missing, with most scholars believing it was lost. This document
suggests otherwise, and it may be a key to finding more Occom material. With
respect to the Fielding portion of the document, other than a journal written
when she was elderly, most, if not all, of her other manuscripts were burned in
a fire back in the 1930s. This would be the earliest of her writings."

[Nathaniel Smibert, "Portrait of Reverend Samson Occum," ca. 1751-56, oil on
canvas, Bowdoin College Museum of Art]

Nathaniel Smibert, "Portrait of Reverend Samson Occum," ca. 1751-56, oil on
canvas, Bowdoin College Museum of Art
Adds Grant-Costa: "The identification of a 'lost' Occom/Fielding document will,
no doubt, be generating much discussion in the scholarly and Native
communities."

In the deathbed conversation, it's clear that the dying woman has been away from
the Mohegan community and has recently returned. She mentions that she most
likely will not see her father (apparently away with his brother on a missionary
tour in the Province of New York) until they meet in heaven.

The woman also describes a vision she experienced before her return to the
family home in which four angels were ready to carry her away -- before a
different group of angels intervened and told her that she must not go yet
because she still has work to do.

She also tells her mother that "no one who resorts to violence will enter the
Kingdom of Heaven, nor anyone who carries sharp weapons, for the first
Christians did not fight." This could be a commentary on the violence of the
American Revolution and its effect on Native communities, including the dying
woman's own relatives, Grant-Costa says.

Just before she dies, the woman asks her mother if she (the mother) has made up
with God. The mother replies, "I cannot tell you." The dying woman then says, "I
have made up with God, or we are reconciled."

Says Grant-Costa: "From our historical reconstruction, the dying woman appears
to be the niece of Samuel Ashbow, an important Mohegan minister and missionary
and mentor to Samson Occom. We believe that Occom wrote the piece for him and
his brother, Robert (the woman's father), so that they would know their
religious work had succeeded and the woman had died a true Christian."

Efforts are underway to make the document and associated transcriptions and
annotations available to the public on YIPP's web platform.

Based at Yale Divinity School, the Yale Indian Papers Project is a collaborative
research initiative that locates, digitizes, transcribes, and annotates
materials by or about New England Indians, publishing them as an online
resource, "The New England Indian Papers Series." The project is supported by
Yale University Library, Yale Divinity School, and the National Endowment for
the Humanities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: US. Department of Education Awards More Than $325,000 to Help School
District on Pine Ridge Reservation Recover From Multiple Student Suicides

LENGTH: 987 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Phoenix: Department of Education has issued the following news release:



   The U.S. Department of Education&rsquo;s Office of Safe and Healthy Students
awarded Little Wound School on the Pine Ridge Reservation in southwestern South
Dakota a Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV) grant totaling
more than $325,000. The grant will be used to assist the Little Wound School
with ongoing recovery efforts following 12 suicide deaths on the Pine Ridge
reservation, including the deaths of current and former Little Wound School
students, and relatives and friends of the students. In addition, there have
been more than 100 suicide attempts on the reservation during the 2014-15 school
year. This is the third Project SERV grant awarded to a school district on the
Pine Ridge Reservation. The first grant was awarded in June 2010, and in June
2015, the Department awarded a grant to Pine Ridge School following a
significant increase in student suicides.





 &ldquo;These incidents are troubling, and my heart goes out to the students,
families and community of Pine Ridge,&rdquo; U.S. Secretary of Education Arne
Duncan said. &ldquo;There are so many people involved in the work to help
children, families and the community heal after these tragedies, and this grant
will help this community receive the services it needs to move forward in
restoring the learning environment.&rdquo;



 Little Wound School is a Bureau of Indian Education funded, tribally-controlled
school, home to the Oglala Sioux Tribe, and serves approximately 800 students,
kindergarten through 12th grade. It is in the center of the Pine Ridge
Reservation, which is the second largest Indian reservation in the United
States. When the tragedies occurred, they impacted the entire Pine Ridge
Reservation as many students most likely knew the victims or were closely bound
by kinship.



 Little Wound has acknowledged that additional support is needed to meet the
needs of all students requiring care. To help address these needs, Little Wound
School requested a Project SERV Extended Services grant to help restore the
learning environment through the provision of additional support and case
management services for students. Specifically, the school will use the grant to
adopt programs designed to restore the learning environment and establish a
comprehensive suicide-awareness and responsiveness program. The program will
focus on addressing youth suicide with a culturally appropriate and
comprehensive approach. Funds also will be used to hire a counselor/social
worker who will track the number of students requiring hospitalization and
subsequent transitioning back into the school system after suicide attempts, and
two full-time teachers.



 There are two types of Project SERV awards&mdash;Immediate Services and
Extended Services. Immediate Services grants provide emergency, short-term
assistance to affected school districts or colleges and universities. Extended
Services grants assist school districts and colleges and universities in
carrying out the long-term recovery efforts that may be needed following a
significant, traumatic event. To date, the Office of Safe and Healthy Students
has awarded more than $42.1 million to 128 grantees, including Little Wound
School, since the grants program began in 2001.



 The Obama Administration is committed to finding solutions to the pressing
problems that confront Native youth, with an emphasis on education, economic
development, and health.



 The White House Initiative for Native American and Alaska Native Education and
the Bureau of Indian Education, brought together approximately 120 educators
with local, state, and federal leaders last month to attend Oglala Lakota
Living, Language and Learning: a Gathering of Pine Ridge Educators. The first of
four in a series, the gatherings will work to support a framework  for further
collaboration to address how schools can work together to support Pine Ridge
students by developing school based capacity for a crisis intervention and
suicide prevention and successful language and culture instruction.



 The Pine Ridge Reservation is one of 13 competitively selected Promise Zones,
where the federal government is partnering with and investing in communities to
accomplish the goals of creating jobs, leveraging private investment, increasing
economic activity, expanding educational opportunities, and reducing violent
crime. Each designated Promise Zone must identify a set of outcomes it will
pursue to revitalize its community, develop a strategy supporting those
outcomes, and realign resources accordingly. They receive priority access to
certain federal funding opportunities, a dedicated federal liaison to help
navigate federal programs, and the opportunity to engage five AmeriCorps VISTA
members to support their efforts, and Promise Zone tax credits, if enacted by
Congress.



 The U.S. Departments of Education and the Interior recently announced that
eight federally recognized tribes will collectively receive nearly $2.5 million
in grant awards to strengthen tribal education programs. The grants are funded
through the Department of Education&rsquo;s State-Tribal Education Partnership
(STEP) program, and the U.S. Department of the Interior&rsquo;s Bureau of Indian
Education&rsquo;s Tribal Education Department (TED) program.



 Earlier this year, the Department awarded more than $5.3 million in grants to
help Native American youth become college- and career-ready. Under the new
Native Youth Community Projects program, the Department made grants to a dozen
recipients in nine states that will impact more than 30 tribes and involve more
than 48 schools. These awards are a key element of President Obama&rsquo;s
Generation Indigenous &ldquo;Gen I&rdquo; Initiative to help Native American
youth.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Washington: Upcoming National Endowment for the Humanities grant
deadlines--Summer/Fall 2016

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Public Humanities Projects grants support projects that bring thoroughly
researched humanities content to life for general audiences. Eligible applicants
are museums, cultural institutions, public and other types of libraries, state
humanities councils, colleges and universities, and other public institutions.
Applicants can apply for one of the three different formats: Community
Conversations, Exhibitions, or Historic Places. Community Conversations support
one- to three-year-long series of community-wide public discussions. Exhibitions
support permanent exhibitions that will be on view for at least three years, or
travelling exhibitions that will be available to public audiences in at least
two venues in the United States (including the originating location). Historic
Places supports the interpretation of historic sites, houses, neighborhoods, and
regions, which might include living history presentations, guided tours,
exhibitions, and public programs.





 Humanities Initiatives at Community Colleges: Deadline September 7

 Humanities Initiatives at Community College grants can go toward a variety of
projects including new courses, new academic programs or minors/majors, faculty
development programs, summer bridge programs for at-risk youth, collaborative
projects across departments, and efforts to engage students. Project should be
organized around a core humanities topic or set of themes. Grants can also go
toward projects that incorporate humanities education into vocational programs.
Eligible applicants are community colleges and post-secondary two-year
institutions.



 Summer Stipends: Deadline September 29

 Summer Stipends provide funding to individuals conducting research for a period
of two months. Faculty members from two- and four-year colleges and universities
as well as independent scholars are eligible.



 Humanities Connections: Deadline October 5

 Humanities Connections grants support the development of three or more linked
courses at two- and four-year colleges and universities. Eligible project teams
should include faculty from two or more departments or schools within their
institution. The projects must include high-impact student engagement activities
like a long term research project or experiential learning at a local site. The
Humanities Connections program gives special encouragement to projects that
foster collaboration between humanities faculty and their counterparts in the
social and natural sciences and pre-service or professional programs in
business, engineering, health sciences, law, computer science, and other
non-humanities fields.



 Dialogues on the Experience of War: Deadline November 2

 Dialogues on the Experience of War grants support reading and discussion groups
for U.S. military veterans. The funding includes support for the recruitment and
training of discussion leaders and the convening of discussion programs with the
intent to promote important questions regarding duty, heroism, sufferings,
loyalty and patriotism. Eligible applicants are U.S. nonprofit organizations,
state and local government agencies, colleges and universities, libraries,
museums, cultural sites, and federally recognized tribal governments.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

NA body hails HEC for holistic uplift in higher education

BYLINE: Munawar Naqvi

LENGTH: 864  words


Dr. Amirullah Marwat, Chairman of the Standing Committee on Federal Education
and Professional Training has recognized the importance of various HEC
programmes and assured HEC of their complete support. He also assured HEC of
their support to take action against illegal campuses of universities so that
future of students could be safeguarded.

He directed the HEC for releasing parent/student alerts after every three months
to inform the masses about illegal universities, their campuses and programmes,
The 14th meeting of the National Assembly Standing Committee on Federal
Education and Professional Training was held at Higher Education Commission
Secretariat on Wednesday.

Dr. Amirullah Marwat, presided over the meeting that was attended by Committee
members, Baleegh-ur-Rehman, Minister of State for Federal Education, Dr. Mukhtar
Ahmed, Chairman HEC as well as senior management of the Commission. Other
members of the Committee who attended the meeting included Mr. Muhammad Nazir
Khan, Dr. Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, Ms. Shaista Pervaiz, Ms. Amra Khan, Ms. Surriya
Asghar, and Dr. Imran Khattak.

Welcoming the Committee members to HEC, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed apprised them of the
functions and achievements of HEC since its inception in 2002. He briefed the
meeting about allocation of grants to public and private sector universities
during 2015-16, proposed development projects of HEC in the PSDP for financial
year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed
Areas, Overseas Scholarship Scheme for MS, MPhil and PhD Programmes, and steps
taken for promotion of higher education in Federally Administered Tribal Areas
(FATA).

The Chairman informed the Committee about HEC's recurring as well as development
grants for 2015-16, and elaborated the development in universities across the
country, particularly during last three years. He said during 2015-16, Rs. 2000
million were allocated for promotion of research, Rs. 3000 million for tenure
track system, Rs. 625 million for Pakistan Education and Research Network, Rs.
935 million for Digital Library, Rs. 650 million for Inter University Academic
Activities, Rs. 450 million for Technical Assistance for Capacity Building, Rs.
598 million for different university programmes, in addition to Rs. 42.2 billion
recurring grant for different categories of universities, including engineering,
medical, agriculture, general, etc.

He said that HEC has formulated the draft PSDP 201617 proposal keeping in view
the anticipated allocation of Rs. 25 billion for its ongoing and new initiatives
in line with Vision 2025 and Government's priorities for socioeconomic
development of the country.

Referring to the outcome of Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the Chairman said that
scheme covers tuition fee, admission, laboratory, registration, examination,
library, and research related expenditure for MS/MPhil and PhD studies. He said
that initially 59 districts were covered under the scheme, while currently
students from 114 districts are benefitting from this initiative, adding that a
total of 94,751 students have so far benefitted. Areas included under the Scheme
are all districts of Balochistan, whole of FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, Southern
Punjab, Interior Sindh, and selected districts of Punjab, KPK and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir.

Terming HEC's overseas scholarship scheme for MS/ MPhil and PhD a flagship
programme, Dr. Mukhtar said that since its inception in 2002, the Commission has
initiated various HRD scholarship programmes from undergraduate to PhD and
post-doctorate level for development of human resource in different fields for
socio-economic development of Pakistan. Describing different programmes for
research, he also highlighted HEC's zero-tolerance policy towards plagiarism. He
also briefed the members about international collaborations for promotion of
higher education in the country.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed underscored the scope of Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan Package
and said that 600 scholarships including 200 overseas and 400 indigenous are
being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan. He said that HEC is
taking stringent steps for promotion of higher education in Federally
Administered Tribal Areas, including establishment of a university. He said that
HEC scholarships are awarded in accordance with the quota prescribed by the
Government of Pakistan.

He added that specific programmes have been initiated for students hailing from
less developed areas of the country. He said that HEC is encouraging
universities through various initiatives to promote a research culture in the
country. He maintained that different measures are afoot to strengthen
academia-industry linkages so as to derive outcome of research carried out in
universities.

The Chairman also informed the Committee about proposal of building a fund for
promotion of research entitled 'Change Maker' specifically for research on novel
ideas to provide solutions.

Highlighting the importance of commercialization of research, the Chairman said
that Offices of Research, Innovation and Commercialization (ORICs) established
in many universities are playing their due role to market research of faculty
and students.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved

                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                    December 28, 2011 Wednesday 4:17 PM  EST

MINISTRY OF TRIBAL AFFAIRS TAKES SEVERAL INITIATIVES DURING 2011 FOR EMPOWERING
SCHEDULED TRIBES

LENGTH: 1657 words


NEW DELHI, Dec. 28 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Ministry of Tribal Affairs took several initiatives during 2011 for
empowering Scheduled Tribes (STs). Highlights of the achievements are as
follows:

POST-MATRIC SCHOLARSHIP SCHEME FOR ST STUDENTS - REVISED

* Parental Income Ceiling Raised : From Rs.1.45 lakh to Rs.2.00 lakh per annum

* Rates of Maintenance Allowance Revised, as follows:-

Table omitted (the document can be viewed at
http://pib.nic.in/release/release.asp?relid=79248)

EKLAVYA MODEL RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL (EMRS)

The Ministry of Tribal Affairs is providing grant to State Govts. under the
Special Area Programme of 'Grant under Article 275(1) of the Constitution of
India' for establishment of Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS). The
objective of EMRS is to provide quality education to Scheduled Tribe students
from Class VI to Class XII to enable them to avail of the facility of the
reservation in higher and professional educational courses as well as in higher
levels of job in Government and public sector undertakings. So far, 150 EMRS
have been sanctioned to various States out of which 92 are functional.

SCHEDULED TRIBES AND OTHER TRADITIONAL FOREST DWELLERS (RECOGNITION OF FOREST
RIGHTS) ACT, 2006

The Ministry of Tribal Affairs is implementing the Scheduled Tribes and Other
Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006 which
recognizes and vests the forest rights and occupation in forest land in forest
dwelling Scheduled Tribes and other traditional forest dwellers who have been
residing in such forests, for generations, but whose rights could not be
recorded. The salient features of the Act are - (i) The occupation of forest
land up to an area of 4 hectares (Max.) can be recognized (ii) Rights are
heritable but not alienable or transferable (iii) Persons living in and
dependent on forests for livelihood shall be eligible (iv) Responsibility of
protection of wild life, forest and biodiversity has been assigned to the
right-holders (v) State Governments/UT Administrations are implementing the Act.
More than 31.61 lakh claims have reportedly been filed in various States/UTs and
more than 12.40 lakh titles have been distributed in the States/UTs, as on
30.11.2011.

Experience of past four years has revealed serious difficulties in effective
implementation of the Act. Review of rules and guidelines under the Act for
ensuring effective implementation of the Act has been finalized by the Minister
of Tribal Affairs as several provisions of rules have been found to be going
against the spirit of Forests Right Act. The Ministry is in the process of
issuing notification of relevant circulars/ guidelines since November, 2011.

LAUNCH OF ADIVASI SHIKSHA RRINN YOJANA OF NSTFDC

The Ministry of Tribal Affairs launched Education Loan Scheme titled "ADIVASI
SHIKSHA RRINN YOJANA"(ASRY) of National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development
Corporation(NSTFDC). Under the Scheme, NSTFDC would provide loan at concessional
rate of interest to the eligible Scheduled Tribes for pursuing higher
professional and technical education including PhD. in India. conducted by
colleges/universities approved by UGC/Govt./ AICTE/ICMR etc.

A Scheduled Tribe having annual family income upto double the Poverty Line would
be eligible. The present limit is Rs. 39,500/- p.a. for rural areas and Rs.
54,500/- p.a. for the urban areas.

Market Development of Tribal Products/Produce - Highlights of the achievements
during the current year 2011-12:

(i) Marketing Development Activities

* The total sales of TRIFED during the current financial year upto 15 Dec.2011
is Rs.485 Lakhs as part of its marketing development initiatives to expand
market for tribal products.

* extended its chain of TRIBES INDIA outlets by adding 3 own outlets at Jaipur,
Manali and Surat & 3 outlets on consignment basis at Coimbatore, Ernakulum and
Goa. With these outlets, TRIFED has established 29 own TRIBES INDIA outlets and
14 outlets on consignment basis marking its presence in 29 cities of 18 States.

* participated in more than 30 major exhibition in India and 2 exhibitions
abroad.

* Organised one "Aadishilp" - an exhibition of tribal products at Bhopal and two
"Aadichitra"- a tribal paintings specific exhibition at Mumbai and Bangalore.

* introduced new packaging, product information and pricing tags etc. to create
a distinct brand identity.

(ii) TRIFED purchased tribal products worth Rs.436 Lakhs upto 15 Dec.2011.
TRIFED has 610 Individual/SHGs/Cooperatives/NGOs/State Govt. organisations etc.
as its empanelled suppliers which are associated with around 66000 tribal
beneficiary families.

(iii) TRIFED organises TRIBAL ARTISAN MELA(TAM) in the tribal inhabited
districts of the states so as to reach out to the tribal artisans at their door
steps and provide them marketing support for their artifacts. Through these
TAMs, efforts are made to empanel new artisans as potential suppliers to TRIBES
INDIA outlets and also add new and innovative design artifacts in the existing
product line. In 2011-12, as many as 26 TAM have been allocated for
implementation in 14 states, out of which 8 have been completed and 4 are ready
for commencement. So far the TAMs have been undertaken in the states of Utter
Pradesh, Assam, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra
Pradesh and Odisha in which around 400 new artisans have been identified.

(iv) Tribal MFP Gatherers' Training & Capacity Building

Skill up gradation/capacity building training on scientific
collection/cultivation, processing, value addition, storage, marketing etc. was
organized for 4735 Minor forest Produce gatherers in 10 states. Out of which
1285 Honey gatherers in 6 states were trained and necessary honey harvesting
tool kits were provided to them. 476 sets of solar drum dryer were distributed
to trained Gum Pickers in the State of Madhya Pradesh. 2700 Mahuwa Collectors
were also trained in the State of Madhya Pradesh & Gujarat and necessary
collection/storage kits were provided to them. In the area of lac Cultivation
650 tribal were mobilised for undertaking Lac Cultivation activity. 100 tribals
were also mobilised in Malkangiri district of Orissa for undertaking dona-Pattal
making activity by using moulding machine.

(v) Tribal Artisans' Training & Capacity Building

During the year TRIFED has undertaken 24 Training Programmes in 20 Crafts for
531 tribal artisans in 11 states viz. Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Gujarat,
Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Sikkim, Assam and
Uttarakhand. The Categories of Craft introduced in the training are Lac Craft,
Combination of Bell Metal & Iron Craft, Bamboo, Cane, Dokra, Wax Candle, Lantana
Craft, Handmade Paper, Jute Craft, Tribal Jewellery, Kantha Embroidery, Eri Silk
Yarn Weaving, Woolen Shawl, Patchitra & Palm Leaf Engraving, Warli Painting,
Santhal Painting, Paitkar Painting, Jadupatia Painting, Kurumbha Painting and
Toda Embroidery. All these trainings are organised in the tribal areas. Further
8 more training are lined up for immediate implementation in 3 states namely
Gujarat, West Bengal and Rajasthan on Pithora Painting, Woodcraft, Patch Work,
Handmade Paper, Kantha Embroidery and Blue Pottery which would involve 166
artisans.

(vi) Research & Development Activity:

CFTRI, Mysore is being awarded R&D project for "Preparation of health products
from Bael Fruit: Evaluation of anti-ulcer, anti-diabetic and anti-cancer
potential" at the cost of Rs. 10 Lakh.

GRANTS-IN-AID TO STDCCS FOR MINOR FOREST PRODUCE(MFP) OPERATIONS

The Central Sector Scheme 'Grants-in-Aid to STDCCs etc. for MFP Operations' was
launched during 1992-93. This Ministry extends Grants-in-Aid under this Scheme
to the STDCCs/FDCs etc. through their respective State Govts. for: -

i) increasing the quantum of MFP handled by setting off operational losses, if
need be;

ii) setting up of scientific warehousing facilities, wherever necessary;

iii) establishing processing industries for value addition with the objective of
ensuring maximum returns on the MFPs for the tribals;

iv) Supplementing Research & Development (R&D) efforts

The Ministry organized two meetings, one on 24.10.2011 and another on 05.12.2011
at New Delhi where representatives of State Governments and concerned Central
Ministries participated to discuss various issues relating to introduction of
Minimum Support price for Minor Forest Produce and related issues.

ORGANIZING OF NATIONAL TRIBAL FESTIVAL "PRAKRITI" IN NEW DELHI

The National Tribal Festival, "Prakriti" was organized in collaboration with the
Ministry of Culture from 16th to 18th March, 2011 at Siri Fort Auditorium, New
Delhi. The event was inaugurated by Her Excellency, the President of India, Smt.
Pratibha Patil Devi Singh. More than 500 tribal artistes from across the country
showcased their traditional dance forms and drum beats during the three days
festival.

THE CONSTITUTION (SCHEDULED TRIBES) ORDER (AMENDMENT) BILLS

The Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order (Amendment) Bill to further amend the
Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950 to modify the list of Scheduled
Tribes in the States of Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh was introduced in Lok
Sabha on 7th December, 2011 and passed by the House on 19th December, 2011. The
Bill was passed by the Rajya Sabha on 23rd December, 2011. The Bill is yet to be
assented to by the President of India.

The Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order (Second Amendment) Bill to further
amend the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order, 1950 to modify the list of
Scheduled Tribes in the State of Karnataka was introduced in Lok Sabha on 27th
December, 2011.

These two Bills seek to meet the long standing demand for grant of scheduled
tribes status to certain communities in the states of Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh
and Karnataka. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              June 23, 2014 Monday

Studious labourer gets delayed attention from Govt

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: Ranchi


Ranchi, June 23 -- Government seems to be "Late Kate" in fulfilling the higher
education aspirations of Bero block's daily wage labourer Julia Minz, the ninth
topper in State Intermediate Arts. After a private coaching centre agreed to
sponsor Julia's under graduation expenses, Government authorities thought of
approaching her for the same.

Referring this fact, the 19-year-old tribal girl said, "Our inter result was
declared on May 30 and on June 2, representatives of a private engineering
coaching centre reached my home assuring to fund for my further studies. They
even gave me the agreement letter on June 21. It includes my three-year tuition
fees in undergraduation along with hostel and fooding charges."

"As far as I know, needy tribal toppers like me are first approached by
Government. Ye sirf bolne ka hain (This is only for namesake). Government first
approached me around June 17 through a phone call from a Ministry enquiring me
about my future plans on pursuing higher education. I told them I will be
appearing for BA Geography Honours entrance exam in St Xavier's College the next
day. They then asked me to give the form number of my online application for
this course," Julia added.

This, according to her, was the first and last initiative from the Government
till date. When the particular person of this Ministry was contacted by The
Pioneer on Sunday it was revealed that the call was made to know the exact
Government of India's (GoI) Scheduled Caste (SC) or Scheduled Tribe (ST) scheme
wherein the achievement of Julia fits into.

"Ministry of Tribal Affairs provides various schemes for SC and ST students. We
just wanted to know the parameters of such schemes applicable for Julia. Once
she is admitted in a college, the respective college has to apply for her
scholarship or any financial support to this Ministry," the official maintained.

Notably, Julia who lost her father two years back has been assisting her
labourer mother to supplement the family income. "It is not possible for my
ailing mother to meet the demands of mine as well as hers all alone. So, I have
been accompanying her in doing manual labour work. However, my job for daily
bread never affected my inter studies completed from SS +2 High School, Bero,"
said Julia.

The State Government too is in the list of 'late help'. HRD minister Geetashree
Oraon had declared to provide required support on her part to this brilliant
girl on the day when Inter-Arts results were published. Unfortunately, no
written notification or assistance is announced by the state government till
date.

As of now, Julia is worried for the result of her entrance exam which is to be
declared on Monday. The coaching centre sponsoring Julia is a prominent name in
engineering stream funding her under their Corporate Social Responsibility
activity.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Stefanik, Pocan Introduce Bipartisan Broadband Connections for Rural
Opportunities Program Act

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Elise Stefanik has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Reps. Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21) and Mark Pocan (D-WI-02) introduced H.R.
6336 -- the bipartisan Broadband Connections for Rural Opportunities Program
(B-CROP) Act to increase internet connectivity in rural communities through a
combination of grants and loans. This legislation is a companion bill to one
introduced by Senators Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV)
earlier this fall.





 "In a 21st century economy, our businesses and families need access to
broadband so we can compete around the globe," said Congresswoman Stefanik.
"This important legislation would provide greater resources to build this
infrastructure in the North Country and in rural areas across our nation. I am
pleased to join Congressman Pocan to introduce this bipartisan legislation in
the House, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical 21st century
infrastructure project."



 "Access to reliable, high-speed internet service is vital to communities across
America especially to small businesses and students," Rep. Mark Pocan said.
"Yet, in rural areas, including parts of my district in Wisconsin, over a third
of the population doesn't have access to quality broadband. The Broadband
Connections for Rural Opportunities Program (B-CROP) Act will increase resources
to update and expand broadband infrastructure. I'm proud to work with
Congresswoman Stefanik to help close the broadband gap so all communities can
have a reliable connection."



 Nationally, more than 55 million Americans lack access to advanced broadband
speeds and an even greater number lack even basic connectivity. Broadband
internet for rural communities serves as a crucial economic engine to generate
widely shared prosperity. Therefore the push toward developing a 21st century
infrastructure for America is quickly emerging as an initiative with bipartisan
consensus.



 This legislation helps connect rural communities by:



 o Allowing for grants of up to 50 percent of a project's cost, and up to 75
percent for remote, high-need areas, to be awarded in combination with the
current loan funding available through USDA's Rural Utilities Service (RUS).



 o Combining grants with loans, the bill helps enhance the economic feasibility
of projects serving rural and tribal areas.



 o Providing highest priority to projects that serve areas that are currently
unserved by high-speed broadband.



 o This legislation also increases the authorized funding for RUS's Broadband
programs to $50 million per fiscal year.



 o This proposal would provide adequate resources to private sector providers,
including corporations, LLCs, cooperatives or mutual organizations, state or
local government, and Indian tribes or tribal organizations to expand broadband
access to unserved rural areas. Partnership projects would be given special
attention including initiatives that leverage matching funds and that work with
anchor institutions like health centers, colleges, universities, and other
educational entities, and libraries.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Stefanik, Pocan Introduce Bipartisan Broadband Connections for Rural
Opportunities Program Act

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Elise Stefanik has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Reps. Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21) and Mark Pocan (D-WI-02) introduced H.R.
6336 -- the bipartisan Broadband Connections for Rural Opportunities Program
(B-CROP) Act to increase internet connectivity in rural communities through a
combination of grants and loans. This legislation is a companion bill to one
introduced by Senators Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV)
earlier this fall.





 "In a 21st century economy, our businesses and families need access to
broadband so we can compete around the globe," said Congresswoman Stefanik.
"This important legislation would provide greater resources to build this
infrastructure in the North Country and in rural areas across our nation. I am
pleased to join Congressman Pocan to introduce this bipartisan legislation in
the House, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical 21st century
infrastructure project."



 "Access to reliable, high-speed internet service is vital to communities across
America especially to small businesses and students," Rep. Mark Pocan said.
"Yet, in rural areas, including parts of my district in Wisconsin, over a third
of the population doesn't have access to quality broadband. The Broadband
Connections for Rural Opportunities Program (B-CROP) Act will increase resources
to update and expand broadband infrastructure. I'm proud to work with
Congresswoman Stefanik to help close the broadband gap so all communities can
have a reliable connection."



 Nationally, more than 55 million Americans lack access to advanced broadband
speeds and an even greater number lack even basic connectivity. Broadband
internet for rural communities serves as a crucial economic engine to generate
widely shared prosperity. Therefore the push toward developing a 21st century
infrastructure for America is quickly emerging as an initiative with bipartisan
consensus.



 This legislation helps connect rural communities by:



 o Allowing for grants of up to 50 percent of a project's cost, and up to 75
percent for remote, high-need areas, to be awarded in combination with the
current loan funding available through USDA's Rural Utilities Service (RUS).



 o Combining grants with loans, the bill helps enhance the economic feasibility
of projects serving rural and tribal areas.



 o Providing highest priority to projects that serve areas that are currently
unserved by high-speed broadband.



 o This legislation also increases the authorized funding for RUS's Broadband
programs to $50 million per fiscal year.



 o This proposal would provide adequate resources to private sector providers,
including corporations, LLCs, cooperatives or mutual organizations, state or
local government, and Indian tribes or tribal organizations to expand broadband
access to unserved rural areas. Partnership projects would be given special
attention including initiatives that leverage matching funds and that work with
anchor institutions like health centers, colleges, universities, and other
educational entities, and libraries.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Native American Elder Justice Initiative (NAEJI)

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Community Living
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Optional): May 6, 2014
Application: Jun 2, 2014
Contact

Cecelia Aldridge
Phone: 202.357.3422
Email: cecelia.aldridge@acl.hhs.gov
Purpose

The Native American Elder Justice Initiative will provide funding to operate a
national center that will address the need for more culturally appropriate
information and community education materials on elder abuse, neglect, and
exploitation in Indian Country.

Among other things, the grantee will be expected to assist tribes with the
development of educational materials, elder abuse training for tribal
professionals, and data evaluation and collection.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Domestic public or private nonprofit entities including state and local
governments
    Indian tribal governments and organizations (American Indian/Alaskan
Native/Native American)
    Faith-based organizations
    Community-based organizations
    Hospitals
    Institutions of higher education

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $200,000 per budget period
Number of Awards: 1

AoA will fund no more than 75 percent of the project's total cost, which means
the applicant must cover at least 25 percent of the project's total cost with
non-federal resources.
Application
process

Applicants are encouraged, but not required to submit a letter of intent by May
6, 2014. Letters of intent can be emailed to cecelia.aldridge@acl.hhs.gov

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=254210grants.gov.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, Aging, American Indians, Alaska Natives
and Native Hawaiians

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: HUD OFFERS NEXT ROUND OF PLANNING GRANTS TO HELP TRANSFORM
COMMUNITIES

LENGTH: 796 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the
following news release:



 Today, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced the
availability of new funding to help local communities across the country to
redevelop severely distressed public and HUD-assisted housing and transform
surrounding neighborhoods. The funding announcement introduces an additional,
innovative component to the Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant, called Planning
and Action Grants.





 Grants of up to $2 million will enable communities to create a locally driven
plan to transform struggling neighborhoods, as well as implement early
improvements, such as reclaiming vacant property and attracting new businesses.
Read HUD's funding notice.



 &ldquo;HUD's mission of expanding opportunity extends beyond a family's front
door to the neighborhoods where they live,&rdquo; said HUD Secretary
Juli&aacute;n Castro.   &ldquo;These grants will let local leaders create
homegrown plans to strengthen their neighborhoods and to take those first vital
steps to turn their plans into reality.&rdquo;



 Choice Neighborhoods is HUD's signature place-based initiative in support of
the President's goal to build Ladders of Opportunity to the middle class. Choice
Neighborhoods is focused on three core goals:



     Housing: Replace distressed public and assisted housing with high-quality
mixed-income housing that is well-managed and responsive to the needs of the
surrounding neighborhood.



     People: Improve educational outcomes and intergenerational mobility for
youth with services and supports delivered directly to youth and their families.








     Neighborhood: Create the conditions necessary for public and private
reinvestment in distressed neighborhoods to offer the kinds of amenities and
assets, including safety, good schools, and commercial activity, that are
important to families' choices about their community.



 Up to now, Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant funds could only be used to
create a neighborhood Transformation Plan.  However, experience with the 63
previously awarded Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grantees has shown that
tangible, early actions help sustain community energy, attract new resources,
and build momentum to turn that plan into reality.



 HUD's FY15/16 Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant funds build upon these
lessons by introducing Planning and Action Grants. Under these grants,
communities with severely distressed public or HUD-assisted housing will
continue to develop a successful neighborhood transformation plan and build the
support necessary for that plan to be successfully implemented. In addition,
Planning and Action Grant funds will also enable activities including:



     Reclaiming and recycling vacant property into community gardens, pocket
parks, farmers markets, or land banking;



     Beautification, place making, and community arts projects;



     Homeowner and business fa&ccedil;ade improvement programs;



     Neighborhood broadband/Wi-Fi;



     Fresh food initiatives; and



     Gap financing for economic development projects.



 Through the Choice Neighborhoods planning process local governments, housing
authorities, residents, nonprofits, tribal authorities, private developers,
school districts, police departments, and other civic organizations create a
common vision and develop effective strategies to revitalize their neighborhood.
The resulting Transformation Plan and locally driven Action Activities lay the
foundation for revitalizing the distressed public and/or assisted housing units,
transforming the surrounding neighborhood, and promoting opportunities for
families.



 Today, Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grantees can be found across the country
in cities and towns, such as Kansas City, Missouri, Norwalk, Connecticut, and
Sacramento, California. Several Planning Grantees have already launched
neighborhood improvements that provided the inspiration for Planning and Action
Grants.  For example, in Salisbury, North Carolina, partners expanded a Mobile
Fresh Farm to residents, spurring a nearby college to open a new culinary school
that will provide mentoring to local students and sell surplus produce at
discount prices. In Columbus, Ohio, partners created a gateway to the community
by redeveloping a highway bridge and creating a mural wall with a history of the
neighborhood.



 Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant funds are available for public housing
authorities, local governments, nonprofit organizations, and tribal entities.
Applicants must submit a completed electronic application through www.grants.gov
by February 9, 2016.  Read HUD's funding notice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory - Coordinating Center (U24)

LENGTH: 912  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-AT-17-002



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory - Coordinating Center (U24)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    1



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.313 -- NIH Office of Research on Women's Health



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 12, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 12, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 03, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 03, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 03, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $2,000,000



         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      Independent school districts

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Private institutions of higher education

      State governments

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      City or township governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Special district governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      County governments



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic
(non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Institutions) are not eligible to apply.
Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of U.S. Organizations are eligible to apply.
Foreign components, as defined in the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are allowed.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      The purpose of this FOA is to solicit applications for a Coordinating
Center (CC) to provide national leadership for the NIH-DoD-VA Health Care
Systems (HCS) Research Collaboratory program on non-pharmacological approaches
to pain management and comorbidities in U.S. military personnel, veterans and
their families. For brevity, this initiative will be referred to as the
NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory. Coordinating Center applicants will
need to: 1) develop, adapt, and adopt technical and policy guidelines and best
practices for the effective conduct of research in partnership with health care
systems focused on military personnel, veterans, and their families; 2) work
collaboratively with and provide technical, design, and other support to
Demonstration Project teams, to develop and implement a pragmatic trial
protocol; and 3) disseminate widely Collaboratory-endorsed policies and best
practices and lessons learned in the Demonstration Projects for implementing
research within health care settings. The Coordinating Center will also serve as
the central resource for the activities of the NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management
Collaboratory program, including providing administrative support for a Steering
Committee and its subcommittees.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-AT-17-002.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday
                                 Idaho Edition

Tribe co-sponsoring debate to boost role

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410 words


Coeur d'Alene Tribe officials say their co-sponsorship of a congressional debate
in Coeur d'Alene tonight is part of an effort to take a more active role in
politics and policy in the region.

"The chairman and the tribal council want to get a little bit more proactive on
issues," said Quanah Spencer, the tribe's legislative director. "The folks that
are vying for the 1st Congressional District race are in effect going to be
representing the tribal constituency also."

Tonight, the two leading candidates for Idaho's open 1st District congressional
seat, Democrat Larry Grant and Republican Bill Sali, will face off in their
first debate, co-sponsored by the tribe and by North Idaho College's Popcorn
Forum.

Jim Weatherby, political science professor emeritus at Boise State University,
said, "I think it's great. We need more debates, and we need more groups like
the tribe encouraging their members to get out and participate."

Spencer said the tribe plans to bring several busloads of its members from the
reservation to watch the debate. Members of a tribal youth council also will
tour the college campus as part of the event.

"This will be a first for the tribe - we hope it won't be the last," Spencer
said. "We've got a lot of folks in the tribal community that are very excited
about the opportunity to attend this forum and listen to what a potential
congressman has got to say about the issues."

Panelists for tonight's debate include local journalists, a student journalist,
and a tribal council member. NIC official Kent Propst, assistant to the
president for community relations, will moderate.

Spencer said, "Part of the reasoning behind this whole effort has been an
attempt by the tribe to really get out there and get themselves educated on the
issues, and also to kind of reintroduce themselves to the North Idaho region,
and let the North Idaho region know that the tribe's going to be a very big
promoter of a lot of the ideals and ideas that shape northern Idaho."

Weatherby said, "The tribes are players." They've been involved in Idaho's
political arena from sponsoring a successful gaming initiative to lobbying the
state Legislature and Congress, he said. "I think they are well advised to make
their voices heard and to be seen as players in both the state and federal
arena."

SIDEBAR:

IF YOU GO

What: 1st District congressional debate

When: 7 p.m. today

Where: Lake Coeur d'Alene Room, Edminster Student Union Building, NIC

Cost: Free

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Tribal bodies oppose ST status to 6 groups

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, July 31 -- Tribal groups in Assam are up in arms against the Centre's
move to grant Schedule Tribe (ST) status to the six communities, with the
Coordination Committee of the Tribal Organisations of Assam threatening to move
the Supreme Court if the government goes ahead with its plans.

The Centre's move to grant ST status to the six communities has alarmed the
other tribal communities, as 19 tribal organisations representing 56 tribal
groups of the State considered various options, including forming political
alliance, to urging the Centre to rush a commission to the Northeast to assess
the ground realities.

At the end of a day-long seminar held at the Constitution Club of India here, at
least six resolutions were adopted.

The six communities being considered for ST status include Koch Rajbongshi, Tai
Ahom, Chutia, Maran, Matak and Adivasi.

Opposing the move to grant ST status to the six communities, it was decided to
ask the government to justify its actions and guarantee the rights of the other
tribes of the State. The resolution demanded that a team be sent to the
Northeast to study all aspects of the issue, including the socioeconomic,
political and cultural status of the six communities.

Following suggestions that the other tribes of the State need to fight on two
fronts ' legal and political, the meeting decided to file a writ petition in the
Supreme Court, if the government goes ahead to give ST status to the six
communities in 'violation of the Constitution'.

As speakers suggested formation of a political front, the meeting endorsed the
view and resolved to explore all options to form a political alliance to grab
around 25-30 seats dominated by the tribals in the State.

The meeting also decided to stage a rally in Guwahati to explain their position
as to why they are opposed to grant of ST status to the six communities.

Addressing the seminar, Union Youth Affairs and Sports Minister Sarbananda
Sonowal clarified that granting of ST status to the six communities would not be
at the cost of the interest of other tribes. The Centre is working on a
mechanism by which the interest of all the tribal groups would be safeguarded.

Sonowal, interestingly, has taken an initiative of organising an interaction
between the officials of RGI and representatives of the six communities in the
first week of next month. The delegates are also scheduled to call on Union Home
Minister Rajnath Singh and Minister of Tribal Affairs Jual Oram.

However, Sonowal's assurances had few takers, as speakers questioning his
statement, wanted to know what measures the government would take to safeguard
the political interest of the tribal groups. Once they are given ST status, a
Koch Rajbongshi, for instance, would be illegible to contest from Kokrajhar Lok
Sabha seat. What guarantee would the government give to preserve the rights of
the other tribal groups, asked former Lok Sabha MP Dr Jayanta Rongpi.

Dr Rongpi, who presided over the seminar, recalled the time when an Ordinance
was issued by the then UF government in 1996, granting ST status to the Koch
Rajbongshi community. 'They cornered all seats in educational institutions. We
got one medical seat and a couple of seats in Cotton College, as the ST status
was given to only just one community, which wreaked havoc,' he said.

'If granting of ST status to just one community can do so much damage, imagine
what would happen if five other communities are also given tribal status,' he
wondered.

Other speakers also stressed the need to emerge as a political force, with some
speakers asking their leaders why they had not secured the support of the BJP to
their demands before extending support to them in the last Lok Sabha polls.

Speaking at the seminar, Rajya Sabha MP Biswajeet Daimary stressed that the
existing pattern of tribal reservation should not be disturbed, and that if need
be a separate category for the six communities should be created. Further, if
the six communities are suffering from economic backwardness, special packages
can be given to them to address their problem, he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: U.S. Coast Guard celebrates the 25th anniversary of its minority
officer scholarship program

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Coast Guard, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Paul Zukunft will be the keynote speaker
highlighting the achivements of graduates of the College Student
Pre-Commissioning Initiative program. Capt. Robert Smith, the highest-ranking
officer to graduate from this program,  also will provide perspective on the
evolution of the program since he joined 25 years ago.

The College Student Pre-Commissioning Initiative program was created in 1989 as
an effort to diversify the officer corps within the Coast Guard and to increase
participation of historically black colleges and universities in
federally-sponsored programs. Since then, the program has expanded to include
students attending minority-serving institutions, including Hispanic-serving
institutions and tribal colleges and universities.

The CSPI offers young college students an opportunity for up to two years paid
tuition, about $3,600 in monthly salary while going to school, a guaranteed job
after graduation and a starting annual salary of approximately $60,000 as a
commissioned Coast Guard officer.

This event marks the 25th anniversary of the CSPI program, formerly known as the
Minority Officer Recruitment Effort (MORE), recognizing the impact this program
has had on diversity of the officer corps.

Who: U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Paul Zukunft and Capt. Robert Smith

When: Wednesday, June 18, 2014, at 10 a.m.

Where: U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters, 2703 Martin Luther King, Jr., Ave., SE,
Washington, D.C., 20032. The event will be held in the Cmdr. Raymond J. Evans
Conference Room on Lower Level 6.

For more information please visit: http://www.uscgnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Meetings of Humanities Panel Pages 53506 - 53507 [FR DOC #
2016-19204]

LENGTH: 672  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES National Endowment for the
Humanities Meetings of Humanities Panel AGENCY: National Endowment for the
Humanities, National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities. ACTION: Notice
of meetings.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The National Endowment for the Humanities will hold nine meetings of the
Humanities Panel, a federal advisory committee, during September, 2016. The
purpose of the meetings is for panel review, discussion, evaluation, and
recommendation of applications for financial assistance under the National
Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965. DATES: See SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for meeting dates. The meetings will open at 8:30 a.m. and
will adjourn by 5:00 p.m. on the dates specified below. ADDRESSES: The meetings
will be held at the National Endowment for the Humanities at Constitution Center
at 400 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20506. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer, 400 7th Street SW., Room 4060,
Washington, DC 20506; (202)606-8322; evoyatzis@neh.gov SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act
(5 U.S.C. App.), notice is hereby given of the following meetings: 1. Date:
September 1, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of
International Topics for Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants,
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 2. Date: September 6, 2016. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for
Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs. 3. Date: September 7, 2016. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for Digital Projects for the
Public: Production Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 4.
Date: September 8, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject
of U.S. History for Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants,
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 5. Date: September 12, 2016. This
meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Hispanic-Serving Institutions grant program, submitted to the Division of
Education Programs. 6. Date: September 13, 2016. [[Page 53507]] This meeting
will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Historically Black
Colleges and Universities grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs. 7. Date: September 13, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on
the subjects of World History and Culture for Digital Projects for the Public:
Production Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 8. Date:
September 14, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of
U.S. History for Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted
to the Division of Public Programs. 9. Date: September 14, 2016. This meeting
will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities grant program, submitted to the Division of Education Programs.
Because these meetings will include review of personal and/or proprietary
financial and commercial information given in confidence to the agency by grant
applicants, the meetings will be closed to the public pursuant to sections
552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6) of Title 5, U.S.C., as amended. The Committee
Management Officer, Elizabeth Voyatzis, has made this determination pursuant to
the authority granted her by the Chairman's Delegation of Authority to Close
Advisory Committee Meetings dated April 15, 2016. Dated: August 8, 2016. Michael
P. McDonald, General Counsel and Federal Register Liaison Officer. [FR Doc.
2016-19204 Filed 8-11-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 7536-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Meetings of Humanities Panel Pages 53506 - 53507 [FR DOC #
2016-19204]

LENGTH: 672  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES National Endowment for the
Humanities Meetings of Humanities Panel AGENCY: National Endowment for the
Humanities, National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities. ACTION: Notice
of meetings.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The National Endowment for the Humanities will hold nine meetings of the
Humanities Panel, a federal advisory committee, during September, 2016. The
purpose of the meetings is for panel review, discussion, evaluation, and
recommendation of applications for financial assistance under the National
Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965. DATES: See SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for meeting dates. The meetings will open at 8:30 a.m. and
will adjourn by 5:00 p.m. on the dates specified below. ADDRESSES: The meetings
will be held at the National Endowment for the Humanities at Constitution Center
at 400 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20506. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer, 400 7th Street SW., Room 4060,
Washington, DC 20506; (202)606-8322; evoyatzis@neh.gov SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act
(5 U.S.C. App.), notice is hereby given of the following meetings: 1. Date:
September 1, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of
International Topics for Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants,
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 2. Date: September 6, 2016. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for
Digital Projects for the Public: Discovery Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs. 3. Date: September 7, 2016. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects of Arts and Culture for Digital Projects for the
Public: Production Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 4.
Date: September 8, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject
of U.S. History for Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants,
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 5. Date: September 12, 2016. This
meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Hispanic-Serving Institutions grant program, submitted to the Division of
Education Programs. 6. Date: September 13, 2016. [[Page 53507]] This meeting
will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Historically Black
Colleges and Universities grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs. 7. Date: September 13, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on
the subjects of World History and Culture for Digital Projects for the Public:
Production Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 8. Date:
September 14, 2016. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of
U.S. History for Digital Projects for the Public: Production Grants, submitted
to the Division of Public Programs. 9. Date: September 14, 2016. This meeting
will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Tribal Colleges and
Universities grant program, submitted to the Division of Education Programs.
Because these meetings will include review of personal and/or proprietary
financial and commercial information given in confidence to the agency by grant
applicants, the meetings will be closed to the public pursuant to sections
552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6) of Title 5, U.S.C., as amended. The Committee
Management Officer, Elizabeth Voyatzis, has made this determination pursuant to
the authority granted her by the Chairman's Delegation of Authority to Close
Advisory Committee Meetings dated April 15, 2016. Dated: August 8, 2016. Michael
P. McDonald, General Counsel and Federal Register Liaison Officer. [FR Doc.
2016-19204 Filed 8-11-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 7536-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Interior, Education Departments to Make Important Announcement for
Native Youth

LENGTH: 396  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of the Interior has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, D.C. - As part of the Obama Administration's Generation Indigenous
(Gen-I) initiative to remove barriers standing between Native youth and
opportunities to succeed, U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and U.S.
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan will join Miccosukee Tribal leaders to
announce an important educational achievement for Native youth.

Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs Kevin Washburn, Director of the Bureau of
Indian Education (BIE) Dr. Charles 'Monty' Roessel, Director of the White House
Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education William Mendoza,
Miccosukee General Council Chairman Colley Billie and Miccosukee Indian School
Principal Manuel Varela will also be on hand to discuss important educational
progress for Miccosukee youth.

According to a recent White House report, Native youth have the lowest high
school graduation rate of students across all schools. To address the critical
educational needs of these students, the Administration's Blueprint for Reform,
an initiative of the White House Council on Native American Affairs chaired by
Secretary Jewell, is restructuring Interior's BIE from a provider of education
to a capacity-builder and education service-provider to tribes. Secretary Duncan
recently announced the availability of about $4 million in Native Youth
Community Projects grants from the Department of Education to help prepare
Native American youth for success in college, careers and life as part of Gen-I.

Who

Sally Jewell, U.S. Secretary of the Interior
    Arne Duncan, U.S. Secretary of Education
    William Mendoza, Director, White House Initiative on American Indian and
Alaska Native Education
    Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs
    Colley Billie, Chairman, Miccosukee Tribe of Florida
    Dr. Charles 'Monty' Roessel, Director, Bureau of Indian Education
    Manuel Varela, Principal, Miccosukee Indian School Principal

What

Announcement regarding educational achievement for Miccosukee Tribal Youth

When

Monday, June 1, 2015
    9:45 a.m. EDT - Media check-in
    10:00 a.m. EDT - Press conference

Where

U.S. Department of the Interior
    1849 C Street NW
    Washington, D.C 20240


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Arizona: Making Strides to Restore Native American Homelands

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of the Interior has issued the following news release:

As President Obama hosted the 6th Annual Tribal Nations Conference this week,
the Administration capped a year of continued progress in strengthening the
government-to-government relationship with Indian Country and working with
tribal leaders to build stronger, more resilient communities.

2014 has seen the beginnings of a transformation on Indian education reform,
progress on energy and economic development and addressing climate change
impacts on tribal nations. As part of these efforts, we have made major strides
in restoring American Indian homelands through the Land Buy-Back Program for
Tribal Nations, an initiative that addresses a major obstacle to tribal social
and economic development -- land ownership fractionation.

There are about 245,000 owners of nearly three million fractional interests in
Indian Country, spanning 150 Indian reservations, who are eligible for the
Program. Many see little or no economic benefit from what are often very small
undivided interests in lands that cannot be utilized due to their highly
fractionated state.

The Program has paid more than $288 million to landowners and restored the
equivalent of more than 475,000 acres of land to tribal governments during its
first year of sending offers. Currently, buy-back activities are scheduled to be
implemented in 42 tribal communities -- locations that represent 83 percent of
all outstanding fractional interests - through the middle of 2017. And the
number of locations will increase in the years ahead.

Program sales are already making a significant difference for individuals,
families and their communities. For example, the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine
Ridge Reservation recently announced that the tribe is embarking on a $9 million
housing program, aided by recent acquisition of land through the Buy-Back
Program.

The Program is part of the historic Cobell Settlement, which provided $1.9
billion to purchase fractional interests in trust or restricted land from
willing sellers at fair market value within a 10-year period. Individuals who
choose to sell their fractionated interests receive payments directly in their
Individual Indian Money accounts. Consolidated interests are immediately
restored to tribal trust ownership for uses benefiting the reservation community
and tribal members.

The Cobell Settlement also authorized an Education Scholarship Fund, funded by
the Buy-Back Program, to provide financial assistance to American Indian and
Alaska Native students wishing to pursue post-secondary education and training.
Based on Program sales thus far, Interior has transferred more than $4.5 million
to the Fund, which is managed by the American Indian College Fund. Initial
scholarships are expected to be awarded in 2015.

We continue to identify opportunities for Program improvements. I was encouraged
by the feedback from tribes and individual landowners at the Program's Listening
Session in Portland earlier this year, and we have announced another Listening
Session next March in Arizona. Our recently released Status Report identifies
lessons learned thus far in the areas of outreach, land research, valuation and
acquisition. Equally as important, it charts a path forward for the next several
years.

This initiative embodies the President's goals of building effective
partnerships with American Indian communities, promoting sustainable economic
development and tribal culture and protecting tribal lands. We are moving as
swiftly as possible to ensure the widest possible impact across Indian Country
over the life of the program. We must do all we can to give landowners a
meaningful chance to participate, receive compensation for their interests and
allow land consolidation to strengthen tribal communities and advance tribal
self-determination.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 31, 2003 Friday 1ST EDITION

'No Child (even Native Americans) Left Behind'

BYLINE: Richard B. Williams, GUEST COMMENTARY, Broomfield

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 878 words


In April 2001, No Child Left Behind was launched as the Bush  administration's
sweeping new educational initiative that was  hailed as 'revolutionary' in
bringing our nation's public school  systems into the 21st century. It was
promoted as 'the great  equalizer' in transforming underperforming schools into
models of  educational efficiency and academic excellence. 'Accountability'  was
the clarion call across the country in raising test scores in  math and reading.

For Indian children and their parents on reservations across the  country,
however, this unfunded federal mandate has the potential  for disaster. In a
population that already has a 56 percent  high-school dropout rate and more than
a century of educational  failure, the 'corrective actions' imposed by NCLB are
unrealistic  and prohibitive in helping reservation schools achieve educational
  parity with their non-Native peers.

Indian children are not only being left further behind than before,  but
legislation without Indian consultation further illustrates the  systemic
failure of the federal government to uphold its  responsibility to provide
education to Indian tribes.

Consider the sanctions. Under NCLB, parents now have the right to  transfer
their children to a 'successful' school within the same  district. But the
reality for Indian parents in remote areas like  Pine Ridge, S.D., and Rock
Point, Ariz., where there is likely only  one school, busing and transfers are
simply not viable  alternatives.

Removing underperforming teachers also presents a problem. On the  reservations,
the annual turnover rate is as high as 70 percent.  How will these school
districts replace underperforming teachers  when turnover is already a chronic
issue?

Additionally, changing administrations or shutting down the schools  in
communities with very limited resources and trained personnel is  simply not an
option for a population with the least access to  education of any racial or
socio-economic group in the country.

'If you're a parent with a child in an underperforming school on a  reservation,
where are you going to go?' said John Cheek,  executive director of the National
Indian Education Association.  'This act doesn't address the government's treaty
obligations to  the tribes at all.'

Another mandate by NCLB is the training and educational  requirements of
teachers' aides, now known as  'paraprofessionals.' Under current law,
paraprofessionals have  until the 2005-06 school year to obtain at least an
associate's  degree. But many aides working for just above minimum wage on the
reservation do not have the resources, the access to a local  college or even
the technology for long-distance learning to obtain  their certificates.

Funding for tuition and training went out to states as block  grants, but tribal
schools are not eligible for these grants.  Consequently, many Indian
paraprofessionals in the ineligible  schools may lose their jobs, although
entities such as Lumina  Foundation for Education are stepping forward to help
them meet the  higher education requirements.

'The law doesn't take into account the practical application of  these
requirements,' said Verne Duus, legislative consultant for  NIEA. 'But the
biggest problem is that the government has not even  made a pretense of fully
funding this initiative, and we simply  cannot achieve these results without
resources. This is going to be  devastating for the schools, especially those on
reservations.'

But the main concern of those in Indian education is the long-term  impact of
inadequate education on Native communities. According to  the 2000 Census,
American Indians are the fastest-growing racial  group in the country. As the
population continues to grow,  producing a skilled local workforce will become
nearly impossible.  Jobs will become even more critical in the areas of tribal
law,  accounting, medicine, education, technology and business in the  decades
to come.

NCLB has the promise of hope and recognizes the need for reform.  The missing
piece, however, is real change. The building blocks of  success for Indian
students include replacing competitive  classrooms with cooperative ones;
teaching to students' learning  styles; modifying curricula so that children see
themselves in  stories and in the math assignments; and connecting culture and
language as core components of the student's experience.

Most importantly, reform means caring about the children in the  classroom.
Let's stop the systemic failure and meet the needs of  the students in a
positive learning environment. Let's make changes  that will reform our schools
so that we can be proud of the good  that is happening. We know what is possible
based on the success of  the tribal college movement. Let's make No Child Left
Behind a  reality for all of America's children.

Richard B. Williams is executive director of the American Indian  College Fund,
a historian, educator and the founder of the Upward  Bound Program at the
University of Colorado at Boulder. He is also  a former member of The Post's
Compass panel.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Education, Interior Departments Join to Make Important Announcement for
Native Youth

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Education has issued the following news release:

As part of the Obama Administration's Generation Indigenous (Gen I) initiative
to remove barriers standing between Native youth and opportunities to succeed,
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan and U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally
Jewell will join Miccosukee Tribal Leaders to announce an important educational
achievement for Native youth.

Director of the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native
Education William Mendoza, Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the
Department of Interior Kevin Washburn, Director of the Bureau of Indian
Education at the Department of Interior Charles Roessel, Miccosukee General
Council Chairman Colley Billie and Miccosukee Indian School Principal Manuel
Varela will also be on hand to discuss important educational progress for
Miccosukee youth.

According to a recent White House report, Native youth have the lowest high
school graduation rate of students across all schools. To address the critical
educational needs of these students, the Administration's Blueprint for Reform,
an initiative of the White House Council on Native American Affairs chaired by
Secretary Jewell, is restructuring Interior's BIE from a provider of education
to a capacity-builder and education service-provider to tribes. Secretary Duncan
recently announced the availability of about $4 million in Native Youth
Community Projects grants from the Department of Education to help prepare
Native American youth for success in college, careers and life as part of Gen-I.

Event 1
Who :

Secretary of Education Arne Duncan
Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell
Director William Mendoza, White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska
Native Education
Assistant Secretary Kevin Washburn, Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior
Chairman Colley Billie, Miccosukee Corporation Board
Dr. Charles 'Monty' Roessel, director, Bureau of Indian Education
Principal Manuel Varela, Miccosukee Indian School
What :

Announcement regarding educational achievement for Miccosukee tribal youth
When :

Monday, June 1, 2015
9:45 a.m. EDT - Media check-in
10:00 a.m. EDT - Press conference
Where :

U.S. Department of the Interior
1849 C Street NW
Washington, D.C 20240

Media: Credentialed members of the media are encouraged to RSVP here. For those
who cannot attend, the ceremony will be live-streamed at doi.gov/live.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Washington: Acting U.S. Education Secretary King to Give Remarks at National
Congress of American Indians Executive Council Summit

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 Acting U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. will give remarks at the
National Congress of American Indians 2016 Executive Council Winter Session in
Washington, D.C., on Monday, Feb. 22. William Mendoza, executive director, White
House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education, will join King
for a question-and-answer session. King will discuss the Department's work to
improve excellence and equity in education for all students. He also will
highlight how the new education law--Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA)--builds
on progress made in education since the beginning of the Obama Administration
and the work that lies ahead to ensure that American Indian and Alaskan Native
children are prepared to succeed in college, careers and life.





 The Obama Administration is committed to improving the lives of American Indian
and Alaskan Native children. In September, the Department announced $5.3 million
in grants to support Native Youth Community Projects (NYCP) in becoming college-
and career-ready. These grants are impacting more than 30 tribes in nine states
and involve more than 48 schools. The program allows tribes and tribal
communities to identify culturally appropriate supports to address needs for
students that have been identified by the community. The grants support
President Obama's Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative also launched last
year to help Native American youth.

 Event 1

 Who :



 John B. King Jr., acting secretary of education

 William Mendoza, executive director, White House Initiative on American Indian
and Alaska Native Education

 What :



 Remarks at the National Congress of American Indians Executive Council Winter
Session Legislative Summit

 When :



 2:30 p.m. ET, Monday, Feb. 22, 2016

 Where :



 Capital Hilton Hotel

 1001 16th St., N.W.

 Washington, D.C.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Washington: Acting U.S. Education Secretary King to Give Remarks at National
Congress of American Indians Executive Council Summit

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 Acting U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. will give remarks at the
National Congress of American Indians 2016 Executive Council Winter Session in
Washington, D.C., on Monday, Feb. 22. William Mendoza, executive director, White
House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education, will join King
for a question-and-answer session. King will discuss the Department's work to
improve excellence and equity in education for all students. He also will
highlight how the new education law--Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA)--builds
on progress made in education since the beginning of the Obama Administration
and the work that lies ahead to ensure that American Indian and Alaskan Native
children are prepared to succeed in college, careers and life.





 The Obama Administration is committed to improving the lives of American Indian
and Alaskan Native children. In September, the Department announced $5.3 million
in grants to support Native Youth Community Projects (NYCP) in becoming college-
and career-ready. These grants are impacting more than 30 tribes in nine states
and involve more than 48 schools. The program allows tribes and tribal
communities to identify culturally appropriate supports to address needs for
students that have been identified by the community. The grants support
President Obama's Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative also launched last
year to help Native American youth.

 Event 1

 Who :



 John B. King Jr., acting secretary of education

 William Mendoza, executive director, White House Initiative on American Indian
and Alaska Native Education

 What :



 Remarks at the National Congress of American Indians Executive Council Winter
Session Legislative Summit

 When :



 2:30 p.m. ET, Monday, Feb. 22, 2016

 Where :



 Capital Hilton Hotel

 1001 16th St., N.W.

 Washington, D.C.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Washington: Acting U.S. Education Secretary King to Give Remarks at National
Congress of American Indians Executive Council Summit

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 Acting U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. will give remarks at the
National Congress of American Indians 2016 Executive Council Winter Session in
Washington, D.C., on Monday, Feb. 22. William Mendoza, executive director, White
House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education, will join King
for a question-and-answer session. King will discuss the Department's work to
improve excellence and equity in education for all students. He also will
highlight how the new education law--Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA)--builds
on progress made in education since the beginning of the Obama Administration
and the work that lies ahead to ensure that American Indian and Alaskan Native
children are prepared to succeed in college, careers and life.





 The Obama Administration is committed to improving the lives of American Indian
and Alaskan Native children. In September, the Department announced $5.3 million
in grants to support Native Youth Community Projects (NYCP) in becoming college-
and career-ready. These grants are impacting more than 30 tribes in nine states
and involve more than 48 schools. The program allows tribes and tribal
communities to identify culturally appropriate supports to address needs for
students that have been identified by the community. The grants support
President Obama's Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative also launched last
year to help Native American youth.

 Event 1

 Who :



 John B. King Jr., acting secretary of education

 William Mendoza, executive director, White House Initiative on American Indian
and Alaska Native Education

 What :



 Remarks at the National Congress of American Indians Executive Council Winter
Session Legislative Summit

 When :



 2:30 p.m. ET, Monday, Feb. 22, 2016

 Where :



 Capital Hilton Hotel

 1001 16th St., N.W.

 Washington, D.C.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Scholarship scam: 230 paramedical colleges under scanner

SECTION: BHOPAL

LENGTH: 232 words


BHOPAL: Taking a serious view of role of paramedical colleges, Lokayukata
Justice P P Naolekar constituted a three-member committee on Thursday to probe
multi-crore post-metric scholarship scam.

The action comes after principal secretary of the Scheduled Caste Welfare
department and commissioner Tribal Welfare Department report submitted him a
report.

Officials are learned to have reported that authorities in many of the
institutes, including 22 in Jabalpur district, pocketed scholarship fund.

On Thursday, the two officers--P C Meena and Umakant Umrao -were asked to come
with documents relevant to disbursement of funds to 230 colleges in 50 districts
in 2009-2010, 2010-2011 and 2011-2012.

The officers also apprised Lokayukta of fresh initiatives being taken to check
misappropriation of the scholarship fund.

They said disbursement of scholarships would now be made directly to
Adhar-enabled bank accounts of students. Web-based biometric attendance system
is being made mandatory at all institutes, they said.

The second installment of the scholarship fund will go in students account on
the basis of his/her attendance, said an officer. He said overall scoring of
students of an institute would also be taken into consideration.

Sources said the committee would comprise a member from the finance department,
Lokayukta and the tribal welfare department.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

The idea of KISS

BYLINE: bibek debroy

LENGTH: 959  words


In a fairy tale, a kiss turned a frog into a prince. Recently, I was fortunate
enough to visit KISS (Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences) in Bhubaneswar. Most
people have heard of KISS and Achyuta Samanta (the founder of KISS and KIIT -
Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology), or should have. While there is a
KISS International School with some international students, the core is the
regular KISS school and the associated KISS college for higher education. KISS
was started in 1993 with 125 tribal students and some financial support from the
ministry of tribal affairs.

Today, there are 25,000 tribal students, from 62 poor tribal communities (13
primitive tribal groups). Most, though not all, are from Odisha. For these
students, who are poor and first-generation learners, education is free, from
kindergarten to postgraduation. Since schooling is residential, board, lodging
and healthcare are also free. Compared to many schools, private as well as
public, the KISS track record is rather good - gender ratio, retention rates,
pass percentages, integration of vocational education, sports and
extra-curricular activities. More specifically, the school has 19,057 students -
9,044 girls and 10,013 boys. The college has 5,994 students - 3,204 girls and
2,790 boys. As news about KISS spread in the deprived and disadvantaged
catchment area (Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh), there has been demand for
enrolment in it. I was told there are around 50,000 applicants, even after
filtering for poverty.

But there is a reason for that cap of 25,000. This is primarily a
private-cum-social initiative, with limited money received from governments,
Union or state. When rice is provided by the Odisha government, it is at APL
(above poverty line) and not BPL (below poverty line) rates. Most land (80
acres, 1.5 million square feet of built-up area) has been privately acquired,
from villagers. The only exception seems to be some land given on a lease basis
to KIIT (one of its wings), but not to KISS. This land was part of the Chandaka
Industrial Estate. That never took off. There were sick industries and plots of
unutilised land lying around. Hence, Odisha's Industrial Infrastructure
Development Corporation handed over some of this land to educational
institutions, KIIT being one.

Since there are no doles and handouts from outside, the KISS model works only if
there is internal cross-subsidisation. And that happens to be with KIIT, which
was set up in 1992 with Rs 5,000 in funding. But that expansion of the acronym -
Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology - is in the past. Since 2004, KIIT
has been a university, having taken the deemed university route. KIIT University
now has 11 different schools, spread over 400 acres and with 20,000 students.
Note that all these courses, undergraduate and postgraduate, are "professional".
You won't go to KIIT University and study the liberal arts.

Other than the human resource development ministry, the University Grants
Commission and the All India Council for Technical Education, assorted
newspapers and magazines rate educational institutions. Let's not get into that.
For the same university, ranks can also vary across different schools. KIIT
University isn't at the very top. (It is certainly more difficult to attract
good faculty to Bhubaneswar. Any good product from an educational institution is
the result of faculty, learning from peers and tight entry criteria.) But it is
rapidly moving towards the top, especially in the eastern region, and given its
relative youth, its climb up the rankings is remarkable.

Without KIIT, KISS cannot exist, and that has to do with the innovative way in
which the latter is financed. Five per cent of KIIT's turnover is mandatorily
donated to KISS, like CSR funds. "Profits" from KIIT are ploughed into KISS.
Every KIIT employee contributes 3 per cent of gross salary towards KISS. Any
vendor or contractor that supplies KIIT has to mandatorily contribute 2 to 3 per
cent of profits to KISS. Vocational products produced in KISS as outcomes of
vocational training also fetch some money. (Students retain 50 per cent of
profits from the sale of such products.) Finally, there is the channel of pure
charitable donations. These multiple methods are enough to sustain KISS, and it
works far better than public subsidies through financing, or even direct public
provisioning (think of government schools, colleges and universities).

Why not replicate KISS elsewhere? For the record, KISS does plan to set up
branches in all 30 of Odisha's districts, in 10 states and 10 countries (with
two branches in Bangladesh). Since 2013, there has been a KISS school in Delhi
(Najafgarh), with 1,200 students, as a joint venture between KISS and the
National Capital Territory government. A KISS school is about to start in
Ranchi. But all these will perforce deviate from the original Bhubaneswar model
of using KIIT to cross-subsidise KISS. It isn't that easy to replicate KIIT
everywhere, and that is the intent, either. Therefore, the other KISS
initiatives will have to be supported by state (or other) governments, for land,
building infrastructure and running expenses. None of those requirements is
significant compared to the huge sums of money governments spend on education,
with limited gains.

Nevertheless, the original Bhubaneswar idea appeals much more. Someone had the
foresight to say: I don't want to go to the government with a begging bowl. Let
me see what I can do, individually and collectively. Let me be the change agent,
instead of perpetually asking governments to do something. I don't expect
governments to establish temples to Lakshmi and Saraswati. That's why KISS is
precious.

The writer is member, Niti Aayog. Views are personal

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

A good signal for Karuk, Yurok tribes: Tribes poised to receive $6M grant for
broadband project

BYLINE: Kaci Poor/For The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 891 words


Members of the Karuk and Yurok tribes are crossing their fingers that the
California Public Utilities Commission approves a $6.6 million funding request
that would help extend high-speed broadband service to rural northern Humboldt
residents.

The grant, recommended for approval by the commission in a draft resolution
released earlier this month, would cover just over half of a proposed $12.8
million Klamath River Rural Broadband Initiative Project -- a joint effort
between the Karuk and Yurok tribes to install an 80-mile fiber optic route from
Orleans to Humboldt Bay.

Final approval is before the commission on Oct. 17.

Once completed, the proposed project would tie together two U.S. Department of
Agriculture-funded tribal broadband projects in the area, opening up high-speed
Internet access to more than 600 unserved or underserved households in and
around Orleans, Weitchpec, Wautec, Johnsons, Orick and Trinidad.

Karuk Tribe Informational Technology Director Eric Cutright said he thinks the
project could represent a "night and day" difference for many northern Humboldt
residents.

"We will be going from places that have nothing -- almost no communication at
all -- to having almost the same service that you can get in Eureka, or any
large town," Cutright said. "For those who want it, it's going to be
life-saving, I think."

The project is expected to open up broadband service to an additional 170
businesses and 22 "anchor institutions," including fire and police agencies,
tribal offices, schools and health care clinics.

"The schools and health clinics are dying for it," Cutright said. "Just the
thought of having things like distance education and online college classes. ...
When you don't have to drive three hours, that can be the difference between a
college education and not -- even a GED, for some people."

The Karuk Tribe's health clinic has lost doctors because of the isolation,
Cutright said.

"In one doctor's case, he couldn't even Skype with his parents to show them
their grandchildren," he said. "It can be overwhelming. I know at least one
business that moved away because it couldn't have an online presence."

Access Humboldt Director Sean McLaughlin said he applauded the effort and the
way the Karuk and Yurok tribes have worked together to make the project a
reality.

"Part of my work is to track these developments statewide and across the
country," he said. "From what I have seen, this is a different model -- to have
tribes coordinating efforts as they work to meet their own needs, and at the
same time create a benefit for the larger region, that's not very common. To see
it happening right here in Humboldt County-- that's very exciting."

The proposed network will tie into the fiber optic cable that links Orleans to
the Siskiyou Telephone Co.'s connection in Somes Bar. In August 2011, the Karuk
Tribe secured a $1.14 million grant from the USDA to make that connection. The
project also builds upon a 20.5-mile stretch of power and utility pole
infrastructure connecting Weitchpec and Wautec along State Route 169. The Yurok
Tribe was awarded just under $5 million by the USDA in 2011 to install the
poles.

Cutright said he understands that some may see the $12 million cost as a hefty
price tag for the relatively small population that will be served.

"I think the best analogy is the same argument that I use for our elders when
they are getting near the end of their life," he said. "In the last six months
of life, something like 90 percent of health care costs are spent. It's about
the quality of life. Do we really want to abandon people just because it costs
more? For some it's not a choice to live out here. Some are born out here and
don't have enough money to move away. Others are tied to the land -- they want
to stay here."

Cutright said he sees broadband service as the next vital utility.

"If you don't have broadband, it is like living without water, telephone, sewer.
It's becoming that important," he said.

According to the draft resolution, the project comes with a two-year timeline.
Once installed, monthly service prices would begin at $30. As part of the
project proposal, Cutright said the Karuk Tribe -- which is serving as the lead
applicant and fiscal agent for the grant, if awarded -- has committed to the
price for five years.

Cutright said he and other officials are trying not to count their chickens
before they hatch.

While waiting for the final word from the public utilities commission on Oct. 17
may be the next big hurdle, it certainly isn't the last. The tribes will still
have to go through the process of obtaining the necessary right-of-way
permissions and property easements for the new line.

"It's at this point that everyone starts getting excited and we all cross our
fingers," he said. "But, for right now at least, it still a cautious
excitement."

At a glance: Klamath River Rural Broadband Initiative Project

Proposed by: The Karuk and Yurok tribes

Fiber route: 80-mile stretch from Orleans to Humboldt Bay

Serving: 600 residents in rural Northern Humboldt

Grant up for approval: Oct. 17

Total cost: $12.8 million

Interested in weighing in on the project? The California Public Utilities
Commission will be accepting comments on the grant application through Sept. 30.
Reply comments must be submitted by Oct. 7. For more information,
visithttp://tinyurl.com/kqh7xrn .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: TUESDAY: Klobuchar's Office to Kick Off Minnesota Workforce Tour
with Public Meetings Across Minnesota

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Amy Klobuchar has issued the following news
release:



 On Tuesday, March 28, U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar's office will kick off her
"Minnesota Workforce Tour" with stops throughout Northern Minnesota. Over the
two-day tour, Klobuchar's staff will join with Minnesota business and education
leaders in Duluth, Grand Rapids, Cass Lake, Bemidji, Hibbing, Brainerd, and
Pequot Lakes. At each stop, Klobuchar's staff will discuss local initiatives to
bridge the skills gap and boost regional economies and also highlight how
Klobuchar-backed initiatives and legislation have strengthened Minnesota's
workforce. The meetings are open to the public.





 Last year, Klobuchar successfully pushed for a $5 million grant from the
Department of Labor to strengthen partnerships between community colleges and
local businesses and expand apprenticeship programs. Minnesota Apprentice
Initiative (MAI) was launched with the funding Klobuchar helped secure. MAI
employers and colleges will provide updates on how the grant is helping to build
a high-skill workforce. As of February 1, 2017, there are 115 active MAI
apprentices. Participation in the MAI program produces more highly skilled
workers, reduces turnover, increases productivity, and builds a more diverse
workforce. By 2020, MAI will provide training for 1,000 apprentices in growing
fields like advanced manufacturing, agriculture, health care services,
information technology, and transportation.



 Klobuchar will also soon introduce the bipartisan American Apprenticeship Act,
which would create and expand tuition assistance programs for participants in
pre-apprenticeship and registered apprenticeship programs. For workers,
apprenticeships provide an opportunity to stay in the labor market, earn a
living wage, and pursue a nationally-recognized credential. For employers,
apprenticeships provide a custom trained workforce, reduce turnover, and improve
safety outcomes, giving American businesses an edge in the global marketplace.
Though evidence indicates that the apprenticeship model is a highly effective
training model, it is not widely used by American workers or employers.
Klobuchar's bill would expand and support pre-apprenticeships and registered
apprenticeships.







 March 28



 8:30 a.m.



 Lake Superior College



 Downtown Campus



 120 North Second Avenue West



 Duluth, MN 55802







 12:00 p.m.



 Itasca Community College



 1851 US-169



 Grand Rapids, MN 55744







 3:00 p.m.



 Leech Lake Tribal College



 6945 Little Wolf Road Northwest



 Casslake MN, 56633







 March 29



 8:30 a.m.



 Northwest Technical College



 905 Grant Avenue Southeast



 Bemidji, MN 56601







 12:30 p.m.



 Hibbing Community College



 1515 East 25th Street



 Hibbing, MN 55746







 4:00 p.m.



 Pequot Tool and Manufacturing



 3457 Veterans Street



 Pequot Lakes, MN 56472

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Udall, Heinrich Announce More Than $400,000 for Navajo Distance Learning

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Udall, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced $447,748 in funding
for a distance learning initiative for the Navajo Technical University in
Crownpoint, N.M. This funding, made possible through the Department of
Agriculture's Distance Learning and Telemedicine program, is intended to
counteract high unemployment and poverty in the Navajo community. Quality
distance learning is an important tool, especially for the large Navajo Nation,
where many students have to travel long distances in order to take classes on
campus. Distance learning allows students to work during the day and take
classes at night, and can also provide access to certificate programs and
courses to enhance job skills.

"It is critical that New Mexico's tribes have the tools to build sustainable
economies and vibrant businesses, and this grant for distance learning will help
the Navajo Nation provide the technical education students need to compete in
today's economy," Udall said. "The Navajo Technical University fills a vital
role in educating tomorrow's tribal leaders, and as a member of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, I am proud to support investments in tribal education
and advancement."

"These funds for distance learning programs will provide critical education and
training tools to the Navajo community and should be a model for other colleges
serving rural areas," Heinrich said. "By increasing access to education programs
and job training, especially in telemedicine, we improve the quality of life and
future economic prospects for our communities."

Through the Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) program, USDA has awarded
grants to provide rural Americans access to medical services, improve
educational opportunities, and support Native American communities. The program
helps rural communities acquire distance learning and telemedicine technologies
to better serve rural residents.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: U.S. Department of Education Releases Report on First-Ever School
Environment Listening Tour for Native American Students

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Phoenix: Department of Education has issued the following news release:



   The U.S. Department of Education released the School Environment Listening
Sessions Final Report today on the first-ever tribal listening tour to hear from
schools and communities on ways to better meet the unique educational and
culturally related academic needs of Native American students. The report was
announced at the 46th annual National Indian Education Association Convention.





 "If we are going to live up to our promise as a nation where every child truly
has fair shot at success, we have to do more to improve opportunities and
educational outcomes for Native youth. The listening tour revealed too many
stories of school environments that rather than building on the strengths of
Native youth, are stifling their potential," said William Mendoza, executive
director of the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native
Education (WHIAIANE). "We need to ensure that every student has a supportive and
a safe environment."



 WHIAIANE held nine school environment listening sessions in seven states from
New York to California to Alaska last year, drawing over 1,000 attendees. The
report summarizes information from the participants on many issues such as
potentially harmful Native imagery and symbolism, bullying, student mental
health, instructional content, and Native languages. Each section of the report
includes a brief description of a common theme found across listening sessions
followed by supporting data and testimonies from youths, parents, teachers, and
others affected by these issues. The report also includes recommendations from
the participants.



 WHIAIANE and the Department's Office for Civil Rights collaborated with tribal
leaders and communities on the listening sessions. Participants in the listening
sessions included Native youth, educators, parents and community advocates. The
information from these sessions will guide WHIAIANE's future work and
goals&mdash;to address the unique and culturally related academic needs of
American Indian and Alaska Native students and to ensure that they receive an
excellent education.



 In his visit to Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota, President
Obama affirmed the Administration's commitment to strengthen Native American
communities through education and economic development. Following the visit,
President Obama launched the Gen-I Initiative to focus on improving the lives of
Native youth by removing the barriers that stand between Native youth and their
opportunity to succeed. Through new investments and increased engagement, this
initiative takes a comprehensive, culturally appropriate approach to ensure all
young Native people can reach their full potential.



 U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan recently announced the award of more
than $5.3 million in grants under the new Native Youth Community Projects
program to help Native American youth become college-and career-ready. Since his
first trip to Indian Country in 2009, Duncan has engaged directly with tribal
officials on a range of educational issues concerning Native youth.



 The President's FY 2016 budget proposal calls for increased investments across
Indian Country, including a total request of $20.8 billion for a range of
federal programs that serve tribes&mdash;a $1.5 billion increase over the
2015-enacted level. The budget proposal includes $53 million for fiscal year
2016&mdash;a $50 million increase from this year's budget&mdash;to significantly
expand the Native Youth Community Projects program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                    September 23, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Ford Motor Fund Goes to School with Innovative Education Programs, New
Investments

LENGTH: 804  words


Sept. 23 -- Automotive design can stir a person's deepest passion. Rami Khoury
knows the feeling. So does Konnor Bartels. They are two of the first five
winners of the William Clay Ford Automotive Design Scholarship, honoring Mr.
Ford's legacy of design innovation and leadership.

"I look at the automobile as a rolling sculpture on wheels," said Khoury, a
student at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, Calif. "All of these shapes
and forms that move on the street, and yet carry people to their destinations.
It has both form and function."

Bartels, a student at Cleveland Institute of Art, has always liked creating
designs and bringing them to life. "Design fuels my passion and desire to
create," he said. "I am excited by the collaboration, the creation, the story
and the user."

The $1 million William Clay Ford Automotive Design Scholarship, honoring William
Clay Ford's outstanding contributions to automotive design, will award $10,000
to five outstanding college sophomores or juniors each year for 20 years. It's
one of several new initiatives Ford Motor Company Fund, the philanthropic arm of
Ford Motor Company, is launching to accelerate its commitment to helping young
people reach their potential.

All told, Ford Fund is investing more than $1.7 million in new and ongoing
global educational programs, part of more than $8 million annually in
scholarships, grants and other initiatives that offer promising and at-risk
students the opportunity to follow their career dreams and hone essential
workplace skills. Ford Fund also is focused on helping vulnerable students stay
in school and graduate, keeping them on track for future success.

In addition to continuing signature education programs such as Ford Blue Oval
Scholars, Ford Next Generation Learning and Ford Freedom Award, Ford Fund's
educational investments getting underway include:

* Alan Mulally Engineering Scholarship:

Ford created the new Alan Mulally Leadership in Engineering Scholarship to
develop engineering talent. The global $1 million program, which starts this
fall, awards 10 scholarships for $10,000 each to outstanding engineering
students at 10 partner universities.

* Ford College Alliance (FCA):

FCA will provide $500,000 in scholarships to engineering, IT and business
students at select universities, plus $150,000 in university vehicle team
funding and $50,000 in school grants.

* Ford Driving Dreams:

Ford Driving Dreams recently launched in Panama and will soon be underway in
Arkansas, California, Illinois, New Mexico, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin to
help Latino youth graduate from high school on time and pursue higher education.
The Ford Driving Dreams initiatives include drop-out prevention grants, book
donations and a motivational tour featuring pep rallies, scholarships, and
contests that are investing $520,000 in local communities. By the end of this
school year, Ford Driving Dreams will have reached more than 40,000 students in
more than 40 markets and will have delivered more than $3 million in educational
resources since 2010.

* Ford College Community Challenge (Ford C3):

This global competition encourages college students to put their knowledge and
creativity to work by taking the lead in developing projects around the theme of
building sustainable communities. Ford C3 has launched in Brazil, China and the
United States, which also includes the Ford Historically Black Colleges &
Universities (HBCU) Community Challenge. New this year are Ford C3 grants in
Ghana, Kenya, Morocco and South Africa. Ford is also making grants to Tribal
Colleges and Universities in the Native American community in the U.S. for the
first time. Ford's investment in C3 grants and supporting programs is $525,000.

* Heart Behind the Oval:

College students and high school seniors in the Ford Blue Oval Network are asked
to propose a project with a local nonprofit that addresses "Building a Brighter
Future." Students and their non-profit partners have the opportunity to earn
$10,000 in support.

Henry Ford believed deeply that education was the key to success and he acted by
founding schools and developing other learning opportunities that helped benefit
generations of people and their communities. Today, education remains a pillar
of Ford Fund's efforts to create a better world through innovative programs and
strategic investments aimed at the next generation of innovators and world
leaders.

"The tools have changed dramatically since Henry Ford's day but the goals are
the same - teach young people the essential skills they will need to succeed in
the workplace," said Jim Vella,  president, Ford Motor Company Fund and
Community Services. "Education is a critical ingredient in determining
individual and community economic success, and Ford Fund is always looking ahead
for new ways to help."

Source: Ford Motor

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday

U. officially files appeal on Utes nickname

BYLINE: Stephen Speckman Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 558 words


The University of Utah officially filed its appeal Wednesday with the NCAA,
asking to be removed from a list of 18 schools the NCAA says use American Indian
nicknames, mascots or imagery in a "hostile" or "abusive" manner.

Removal from that list would mean the U. could continue using the Utes nickname
during NCAA postseason play or when hosting NCAA tournaments.

U. President Michael Young said in the school's appeal, faxed to the NCAA
Wednesday, that he would like an answer before the Utes' first football game
Friday against the Arizona Wildcats.

"The University is anxious to have this matter resolved," Young wrote to Bernard
Franklin, NCAA vice president of governance and membership in Indiana.

The football game will be aired nationally on ESPN. Fred Esplin, U. vice
president of university relations, alluded to what could be an entire broadcast
talking about an issue that's over or still a controversy.

There is precedent the NCAA can move fast on an appeal.

"They sure acted quickly on Florida," Esplin said.

After learning Florida State University had the continued support of the
Seminole Indian Tribe to use the nickname Seminoles and mascot Chief Osceola,
the NCAA took FSU off its list last week.

The formal U. appeal includes two letters to Franklin in support of the U. --
one from Maxine Natchees, chairwoman of the Uintah and Ouray Tribal Business
Committee, and one from Craig Thompson, commissioner of the Mountain West
conference.

"The Ute Indian Tribe has formally approved the University of Utah's use of the
Ute name and supports the University's continued use of it," Natchees wrote in
her Aug. 29 letter.

Natchees described to Franklin an "effective" partnership between the Ute Tribe
and the U., saying the U. has sponsored educational programs and provided
scholarships to tribal members.

On Aug. 24 the Ute Tribal Business Committee passed a resolution that said the
U.'s use of the Ute nickname has been done with honor and respect of tribal
culture. It's a source of pride for tribal members, the committee decided.

The U. appeal also included a 2003 memorandum of understanding and another
resolution, both saying the U. would be establishing cooperative education
programs and initiatives for the Ute Indian Tribe. Young said efforts in those
areas are ongoing.

A third "exhibit" in the appeal was Thompson's letter, which says the U. and Ute
Tribe have "enjoyed a long-standing and harmonious relationship." Retention of
the Ute nickname, Thompson wrote, "is extremely beneficial to the continued
positive relationship that currently exists between the Ute Tribe and the
University of Utah."

In his seven-page letter, Young said the NCAA Executive Committee reached an
"uninformed" conclusion that the U. somehow runs afoul of the new nickname
policy.

Over the years, Young added, the university has made several changes, including
the retirement of the "Redskins" nickname, cartoon character imagery, a warrior
mascot, feathered headbands for the drill team and "cheers."

"Today, the only enduring symbol of the University's association with the
Northern Ute Tribe is the 'Utes' name," Young wrote. "The Utes name honors the
University's association with the Tribe."

Young went on to provide Franklin with 16 bullet points on ways the U. has
maintained its commitment to Native American issues. E-mail:
sspeckman@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

City, tribal police will share notes;
Minneapolis police, tribal police forces and other departments will share crime
information for the first time.

BYLINE: David Chanen, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 504 words


In the first effort of its kind in the United States, the Minneapolis Police
Department and nine tribal police departments in Minnesota and Wisconsin have
agreed to set up a common computer network to give officers access to usually
private crime data.

The effort will be funded by a $600,000 federal grant.

"This is a historic event for Indian Country, both in Minnesota and Wisconsin,"
said Chief Rick Rabenort of the Prairie Island Police Department in Minnesota.

All state, federal and tribal law enforcement agencies will work together to
share information and statistics to help develop a targeted response to specific
criminal activity.

"Communication between tribes and partnering law enforcement agencies is key in
curbing crime not only in Indian country, but in all of Minnesota," said Floyd
Jourdain Jr. of Red Lake. "This project will go a long way towards achieving
that goal."

The rapid sharing of crime information across jurisdictions can often be
complicated, said Minneapolis Sgt. Bill Blake, who has been pushing for such a
network since 2005.

The initiative has been dubbed I-CARE (Indian Crime Awareness, Research and
Evaluation). Besides Prairie Island, the Minnesota tribes participating are Red
Lake, Fond du Lac, Leech Lake and Mille Lacs. The Wisconsin tribe are Menominee,
Oneida, Red Cliff and Lac Courte Oreilles.

I-CARE will also include the collection and analysis of data in partnership with
the Criminal Justice Center for Innovation at Fox Valley Technical College in
Appleton, Wis. A confidential reporting process will allow information sharing
while protecting the sovereignty of each community.

"Tribal communities have come a long way by hiring professional, dedicated
police officers and the I-CARE program will support their community policing
endeavors, along with providing information for officer safety," Rabenort said.

I-CARE should also improve inadequate reporting of crime statistics that
understate the magnitude of crime problems in many areas of Indian Country,
Blake said. Bad reporting prevents tribes from receiving grants for officers and
Homeland Security, he said.

This new level of information sharing is key to Minneapolis, which is a hub for
distributing drugs, Blake said. Often criminals on the run will try to hide in
the city or take refuge on their reservation, he said.

Right now, the exchange of information between Minneapolis and tribal police is
informal, Blake said. He is often a contact person because he is from Red Lake,
but Blake's assignment is on the city's North Side precinct.

Besides the tribes and Minneapolis, the Minnesota Department of Public Safety
and the Wisconsin Department of Justice Division of Criminal Investigation also
have signed on to the agreement. Eventually, Blake would like to see all 22
tribes in Wisconsin and Minnesota be part of the network.

"We needed good strong relationships to make this happen," Blake said. "There
had to be a trust factor to believe we're going to continue to do the right
thing."

David Chanen - 612-673-4465

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: FATA students demand free education, 100% scholarships in universities

LENGTH: 530  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Aug. 29 -- Members of FATA Students Organization (FSO) have demanded
government, FATA Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to either provide
free education to FATA students or 100 per cent scholarship in universities in
Pakistan in general and particularly in KP, otherwise they would initiate
protesting against government.

Speaking at a press conference at Peshawar Press Club held on Wednesday, the
central president of FSO, Shaukat Aziz, Zara Zaman women students president,
senior vice president Omer Orakzai, general secretary, Haroon Akhunzada and
others said tribal students should be given admissions on open merit despite
quota system. The quota system in colleges and universities for students should
be abolished, they demanded.

Stressing upon the government, FATA Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
they said the students to be facilitated with free education or 100 per cent
scholarship should be given to them in universities of KP and Pakistan. "If our
fair demands were not met, we will stage protest against government" they
warned. While presenting charter of demands, speakers said the government should
take initiative to give education loans to FATA students on easy conditions.

They also demanded of the government that vocational centers to be instantly
built for students, women and youngsters of FATA and students should be enrolled
in foreign universities on full fledge scholarship. Free education quota for
tribal students in Cadet Colleges in entire country should be increased, they
said and adding the Prime Minister scholarship for FATA students should be
ensured.

Officials of political administration in FATA have deliberately occupied
government schools and these should be opened for students, they demanded.
Government should take notice of corruption taking place in sports fund and the
responsible officials should be punished for it, they stressed.

It merit mention here that during the dilapidated law and order condition in
tribal regions, at least 1000 education institutions were greatly suffered and
near a half million of students deprived from basic right of education.

Meanwhile, the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) of Bara Khyber Agency staged
protest in front of Press Club and saying they have been deprived of health,
education, latrine and others facilities in Jalozai Camp.

The demonstration was organized by Tehreek-e-Mutaserin Bara on Wednesday and
holding placards and banners inscribed with slogans against camp officials and
government. Protestors informed that the food items being provided by UNHCR was
not standard and eatable as they have been deprived of education, health, water
and latrine facilities in Jalozai Camp.

They demanded they should be treated and provided all facilities like IDPs of
North Waziristan in Bannu. It is to be mentioned here that the IDPs of Bara
Khyber Agency have been residing in Jalozai Camp since 2009 after the military
operation kicked off against militants

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

FATA students demand free education, 100% scholarships in universities

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 1036

LENGTH: 493  words


Members of FATA Students Organization (FSO) have demanded government, FATA
Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to either provide free education to
FATA students or 100 per cent scholarship in universities in Pakistan in general
and particularly in KP, otherwise they would initiate protesting against
government.

Speaking at a press conference at Peshawar Press Club held on Wednesday, the
central president of FSO, Shaukat Aziz, Zara Zaman women students president,
senior vice president Omer Orakzai, general secretary, Haroon Akhunzada and
others said tribal students should be given admissions on open merit despite
quota system. The quota system in colleges and universities for students should
be abolished, they demanded.

Stressing upon the government, FATA Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
they said the students to be facilitated with free education or 100 per cent
scholarship should be given to them in universities of KP and Pakistan. "If our
fair demands were not met, we will stage protest against government" they
warned. While presenting charter of demands, speakers said the government should
take initiative to give education loans to FATA students on easy conditions.

They also demanded of the government that vocational centers to be instantly
built for students, women and youngsters of FATA and students should be enrolled
in foreign universities on full fledge scholarship. Free education quota for
tribal students in Cadet Colleges in entire country should be increased, they
said and adding the Prime Minister scholarship for FATA students should be
ensured.

Officials of political administration in FATA have deliberately occupied
government schools and these should be opened for students, they demanded.
Government should take notice of corruption taking place in sports fund and the
responsible officials should be punished for it, they stressed.

It merit mention here that during the dilapidated law and order condition in
tribal regions, at least 1000 education institutions were greatly suffered and
near a half million of students deprived from basic right of education.

Meanwhile, the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) of Bara Khyber Agency staged
protest in front of Press Club and saying they have been deprived of health,
education, latrine and others facilities in Jalozai Camp.

The demonstration was organized by Tehreek-e-Mutasereen Bara on Wednesday and
holding placards and banners inscribed with slogans against camp officials and
government. Protestors informed that the food items being provided by UNHCR was
not standard and eatable as they have been deprived of education, health, water
and latrine facilities in Jalozai Camp.

They demanded they should be treated and provided all facilities like IDPs of
North Waziristan in Bannu. It is to be mentioned here that the IDPs of Bara
Khyber Agency have been residing in Jalozai Camp since 2009 after the military
operation kicked off against militants.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

FATA students demand free education, 100% scholarships in universities

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Members of FATA Students Organization (FSO) have demanded government, FATA
Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to either provide free education to
FATA students or 100 per cent scholarship in universities in Pakistan in general
and particularly in KP, otherwise they would initiate protesting against
government.


Speaking at a press conference at Peshawar Press Club held on Wednesday, the
central president of FSO, Shaukat Aziz, Zara Zaman women students president,
senior vice president Omer Orakzai, general secretary, Haroon Akhunzada and
others said tribal students should be given admissions on open merit despite
quota system. The quota system in colleges and universities for students should
be abolished, they demanded.
Stressing upon the government, FATA Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
they said the students to be facilitated with free education or 100 per cent
scholarship should be given to them in universities of KP and Pakistan. "If our
fair demands were not met, we will stage protest against government" they
warned. While presenting charter of demands, speakers said the government should
take initiative to give education loans to FATA students on easy conditions.
They also demanded of the government that vocational centers to be instantly
built for students, women and youngsters of FATA and students should be enrolled
in foreign universities on full fledge scholarship. Free education quota for
tribal students in Cadet Colleges in entire country should be increased, they
said and adding the Prime Minister scholarship for FATA students should be
ensured.
Officials of political administration in FATA have deliberately occupied
government schools and these should be opened for students, they demanded.
Government should take notice of corruption taking place in sports fund and the
responsible officials should be punished for it, they stressed.
It merit mention here that during the dilapidated law and order condition in
tribal regions, at least 1000 education institutions were greatly suffered and
near a half million of students deprived from basic right of education.
Meanwhile, the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) of Bara Khyber Agency staged
protest in front of Press Club and saying they have been deprived of health,
education, latrine and others facilities in Jalozai Camp.
The demonstration was organized by Tehreek-e-Mutaserin Bara on Wednesday and
holding placards and banners inscribed with slogans against camp officials and
government. Protestors informed that the food items being provided by UNHCR was
not standard and eatable as they have been deprived of education, health, water
and latrine facilities in Jalozai Camp.
They demanded they should be treated and provided all facilities like IDPs of
North Waziristan in Bannu. It is to be mentioned here that the IDPs of Bara
Khyber Agency have been residing in Jalozai Camp since 2009 after the military
operation kicked off against militants.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

FATA students demand free education, 100% scholarships in universities

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Members of FATA Students Organization (FSO) have demanded government, FATA
Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to either provide free education to
FATA students or 100 per cent scholarship in universities in Pakistan in general
and particularly in KP, otherwise they would initiate protesting against
government.


Speaking at a press conference at Peshawar Press Club held on Wednesday, the
central president of FSO, Shaukat Aziz, Zara Zaman women students president,
senior vice president Omer Orakzai, general secretary, Haroon Akhunzada and
others said tribal students should be given admissions on open merit despite
quota system. The quota system in colleges and universities for students should
be abolished, they demanded.
Stressing upon the government, FATA Secretariat and Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
they said the students to be facilitated with free education or 100 per cent
scholarship should be given to them in universities of KP and Pakistan. "If our
fair demands were not met, we will stage protest against government" they
warned. While presenting charter of demands, speakers said the government should
take initiative to give education loans to FATA students on easy conditions.
They also demanded of the government that vocational centers to be instantly
built for students, women and youngsters of FATA and students should be enrolled
in foreign universities on full fledge scholarship. Free education quota for
tribal students in Cadet Colleges in entire country should be increased, they
said and adding the Prime Minister scholarship for FATA students should be
ensured.
Officials of political administration in FATA have deliberately occupied
government schools and these should be opened for students, they demanded.
Government should take notice of corruption taking place in sports fund and the
responsible officials should be punished for it, they stressed.
It merit mention here that during the dilapidated law and order condition in
tribal regions, at least 1000 education institutions were greatly suffered and
near a half million of students deprived from basic right of education.
Meanwhile, the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) of Bara Khyber Agency staged
protest in front of Press Club and saying they have been deprived of health,
education, latrine and others facilities in Jalozai Camp.
The demonstration was organized by Tehreek-e-Mutaserin Bara on Wednesday and
holding placards and banners inscribed with slogans against camp officials and
government. Protestors informed that the food items being provided by UNHCR was
not standard and eatable as they have been deprived of education, health, water
and latrine facilities in Jalozai Camp.
They demanded they should be treated and provided all facilities like IDPs of
North Waziristan in Bannu. It is to be mentioned here that the IDPs of Bara
Khyber Agency have been residing in Jalozai Camp since 2009 after the military
operation kicked off against militants.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Oklahoma State University sets goal to increase American Indian graduates with
new center

BYLINE: FROM STAFF RePORTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 332 words


STILLWATER - A new center will be established at Oklahoma State University to
increase the number of American Indian graduates.During a meeting Friday, the
Board of Regents for OSU and the A&amp;M Colleges approved the creation of the
Oklahoma State University Center for Sovereign Nation Engagement and
Partnerships and the appointment of a director.Officials said the center was
made possible by a gift from the Chickasaw Nation. The amount of the gift was
not announced.The multidisciplinary center is expected to be a place of
connection and relationship building among sovereign nation partners, students
and faculty."As a land-grant institution, Oklahoma State University has an
important role to play in creating initiatives to increase engagement and
educational opportunities with members of all Sovereign Nations," OSU Provost
Gary Sandefur said in a news release. "We hope this center will not only
strengthen relationships between the university and Sovereign Tribal Nations,
but will also increase the number of American Indian graduates from
OSU."Sandefur is a member of the Chickasaw Nation.OSU already is among the
nation's leaders in American Indian graduates, officials said.The center's
mission also is to ensure that sovereignty of American Indian nations is
respected and recognized across the OSU system, and to increase the number and
quality of partnerships between OSU and sovereign tribal nations.In addition to
approval of the center, the regents approved Elizabeth Mee Payne to serve as the
director.

Payne currently teaches American Indian entrepreneurship and serves as the Riata
Fellow for American Indian Entrepreneurship. She will leave her position as
strategic relationship manager in the Spears School of Business to assume the
role as director of the multidisciplinary center.While the Chickasaw Nation is
the first sovereign tribal nation to partner with the university in this
endeavor, it is expected additional tribal nations will join as future partners.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Utah: System-Level Health Services and Policy Research on Health Disparities
(R01)

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  National Institutes of Health
Deadlines  Jan 20, 2015
Contact  Jennifer Alvidrez
Phone: 301.594.9567
Email: alvidrezjl@mail.nih.gov
Purpose

System-Level Health Services and Policy Research on Health Disparities (R01)
grants will offer funding to system-level health services and policy research
that can contribute to the elimination of health disparities, with an emphasis
on research related to minority, socioeconomically disadvantaged, and rural
populations.

System-Level health services research topics of interest include, but are not
limited to:

Health information technologies to improve access to or utilization of
healthcare services and/or improve quality of care
    Use of paraprofessionals or peer-led health services to supplement existing
healthcare services
    Interventions to improve cultural competence of providers that lead
improvement in patient outcomes
    Strategies to organize, manage, finance, and deliver quality healthcare in
traditional or non-traditional settings
    Incorporation of specific research tools or methodologies into system-level
service delivery practices that identify or measure patient reported outcomes

Policy research topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

Analysis of local, state, or national health policies that increase or reduce
health disparities, such as those related to insurance coverage or
reimbursement, organization of government-run or -funded health care services,
or regulation of environmental hazards
    Analysis of local, state, or national policies not specifically related to
health that increase or reduce health disparities, including those related to
zoning or housing, government entitlements, public education, immigration, and
criminal justice
    Analysis of workplace policies that impact health
    Analysis of initiatives to increase the supply of healthcare practitioners
in medically underserved areas, and/or initiatives to increase enrollment of
students from health disparity backgrounds in health practitioner programs

Eligibility

Eligible organizations include:

Higher education institutions
    Nonprofits
    For-profits
    Government organizations
    Independent school districts
    Public Housing Authorities/Indian Housing Authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Total Funding Available: $3,000,000
Number of Awards: Up to 6
Application
process

Applicants are encouraged, but not required to submit a letter of intent by
December 20, 2014 to:
Maryline Laude-Sharp, PhD at mlaudesharp@mail.nih.gov

Links to the full announcement and necessary application forms are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Health policy, Health research, Minorities

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Oklahoma State University sets goal to graduate more American Indian students

BYLINE: FROM STAFF RPORTS

SECTION:

LENGTH: 332 words


STILLWATER - A new center will be established at Oklahoma State University to
increase the number of American Indian graduates.During a meeting Friday, the
Board of Regents for OSU and the A&amp;M Colleges approved the creation of the
Oklahoma State University Center for Sovereign Nation Engagement and
Partnerships and the appointment of a director.Officials said the center was
made possible by a gift from the Chickasaw Nation. The amount of the gift was
not announced.The multidisciplinary center is expected to be a place of
connection and relationship building among sovereign nation partners, students
and faculty."As a land-grant institution, Oklahoma State University has an
important role to play in creating initiatives to increase engagement and
educational opportunities with members of all Sovereign Nations," OSU Provost
Gary Sandefur said in a news release. "We hope this center will not only
strengthen relationships between the university and Sovereign Tribal Nations,
but will also increase the number of American Indian graduates from
OSU."Sandefur is member of the Chickasaw Nation.OSU already is among the
nation's leaders in American Indian graduates, officials said.The center's
mission also is to ensure that sovereignty of American Indian nations is
respected and recognized across the OSU system, and to increase the number and
quality of partnerships between OSU and sovereign tribal nations.In addition to
approval of the center, the regents approved Elizabeth Mee Payne to serve as the
director.

Payne currently teaches American Indian entrepreneurship and serves as the Riata
Fellow for American Indian Entrepreneurship. She will leave her position as
strategic relationship manager in the Spears School of Business to assume the
role as director of the multidisciplinary center.While the Chickasaw Nation is
the first sovereign tribal nation to partner with the university in this
endeavor, it is expected additional tribal nations will join as future partners.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory - Pragmatic Clinical Trials
Demonstration Projects (UG3/UH3)

LENGTH: 1042  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-AT-17-001



    Funding Opportunity Title:

    NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory - Pragmatic Clinical Trials
Demonstration Projects (UG3/UH3)





    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Cooperative Agreement



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Education

    Health

    Income Security and Social Services



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:





    CFDA Number(s):

    93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

    93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

    93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

    93.313 -- NIH Office of Research on Women's Health

    93.361 -- Nursing Research

    93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

    93.865 -- Child Health and Human Development Extramural Research



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 12, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 12, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 03, 2017



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 03, 2017



         Archive Date:

         Apr 03, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:





         Award Ceiling:





         Award Floor:











 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      State governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Special district governments

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Private institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      Independent school districts

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      City or township governments

      Small businesses

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      County governments

      Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility"
for clarification)



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      Other Eligible Applicants include the following: Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian American Native American Pacific Islander
Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs); Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government;
Faith-based or Community-based Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions;
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American
Tribal Governments (Other than Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.)
Entities (Foreign Organizations); Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled
Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ; U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic
(non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Institutions) are not eligible to apply.
Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of U.S. Organizations are eligible to apply.
Foreign components, as defined in the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are allowed.






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      National Institutes of Health



      Description:

      The purpose of this FOA is to solicit UG3/UH3 phased cooperative agreement
research applications to conduct efficient, large-scale pragmatic clinical trial
Demonstration Projects within the NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory on
non-pharmacological approaches to pain management and other co-morbid conditions
in U.S. military personnel, veterans and their families. This program will be
referred to as the NIH-DoD-VA Pain Management Collaboratory program. Awards made
under this FOA will initially support a two-year milestone-driven planning phase
(UG3), with possible transition to a pragmatic trial Demonstration Project
implementation phase (UH3). UG3 projects that have met the scientific milestone
and feasibility requirements may transition to the UH3 phase. The UG3/UH3
application must be submitted as a single application, following the
instructions described in this FOA. The overall goal of this initiative, jointly
supported by the NIH, DoD, and VA, is to develop the capacity to implement
cost-effective large-scale clinical research in military and veteran health care
delivery organizations focusing on non-pharmacological approaches to pain
management and other comorbid conditions. The NIH, DoD, and VA expect to:
establish a Coordinating Center that will provide national leadership and
technical expertise for all aspects of health care system (HCS_- focused
research including assistance to UG3/UH3 grant applicants. Primary outcomes of
treatment interventions include assessing pain and pain reduction, ability to
function in daily life, quality of life, and medication
usage/reduction/discontinuation. Secondary outcomes focusing on assessing
comorbid conditions or those co-occurring with high frequency in this population
are also of interest under the FOA.



      Link to Additional Information:

      http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/rfa-files/RFA-AT-17-001.html



      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      NIH OER Webmaster FBOWebmaster@OD.NIH.GOV



      If you have any problems linking to this funding announcement, please
contact the NIH OER Webmaster






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2011

TMCC Foundation receives grant

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 211  words


Turtle Mountain Community College Foundation has received a grant in the amount
of $6,000 from the Impact Foundation to support the fundraising efforts of the
new TMCC Foundation. The Foundation was established to support the Turtle
Mountain Community college in its efforts to respond to the needs of students
and continue to provide appropriate educational resources to the Tribal
community. To sustain the current operations of TMCC and to support future
growth, the Foundation will provide support to expand existing programs, create
new programs and plan new institution-wide initiatives.

The Turtle Mountain Community College Foundation is a nonprofit organization
serving the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation and surrounding community.

Impact Foundation, with support from Dakota Medical and Alex Stern Family
Foundations, was launched in 2004 to build the capacity of nonprofits,
businesses and individuals to maximize their societal impact. Impact is
partnering with the Bush Foundation to provide training, technical assistance
and resources to nonprofits throughout the region. Over 300 nonprofits have
participated in the Impact Institute's capacity building programs, and over $2.2
million has been donated to nonprofits through www.impactgive-back.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star

                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Young Christian student from Fata travels to US

BYLINE: Sher Alam Shinwari

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 1014

LENGTH: 753  words


When the Northern Virginia Community College (NVCC) in the United States offered
a one year merit scholarship for the Community College Initiative Programme
(CCIP) under the US exchange programme in 2013, Mr Sunny Sajid Masih the lone
young Christian student from Landikotal subdivision of Khyber agency also
dropped his application among 882 other applicants from all over Pakistan.
Fortunately, he won the merit scholarship and made it to US with aspirations and
high expectations to return to his native land to support his own community
after completing the training.

It was by sheer good luck and my parent's prayers that helped me land in US. I
bitterly wept being overjoyed when I received the letter of acceptance into the
community college initiative programme. My parents, relatives and friends all
were overjoyed and they celebrated my success. For the first time I got
convinced that education could do miracles. Born, bred and educated in Fata I
had little hope to excel in my life. But fate favoured and I got to the land of
opportunities. I represent not only my Christian community but the whole Fata,"
Mr Sajid told The Frontier Post proudly while attired in a typical tribal
Pashtun dress.

Mr Sunny Sajid Masih was born and grew up in Landikotal subdivision of Khyber
agency army camp and received education from Army Public School till his
matriculation. He later qualified his graduation from the historic Edwardes
College, Peshawar in 2011. Like other educated youth of the country he too was
in search of job as he could not afford further education. One day he came
across an advertisement in the newspaper, he applied for it with no or little
hope to get selected but luck coupled with his prayers favoured him and he got
selected for the said programme. Mr Sunny turned out to be the only candidate
who won the one year merit scholarship.

Residing in Virginia at his Alexandria apartment, he spoke to this scribe, while
sharing his views he said, to be very frank a poor person and that too from a
minority could not think of such a massive success at such a high level adding
that he continued hard work throughout his young age and kept always his spirits
high. I was not sure at all when I submitted my application for winning the
merit scholarship where above eight hundred candidates had already dropped
theirs. God almighty helped me and now it is my obligation to help my community
and also uphold my culture identity, Mr Sajid said while straightening his
tribal turban on his head.

To a query he said, I don't feel ashamed over wearing my cultural dress rather I
feel proud. I always wear it whenever I attend a special gathering. It's my
cultural identity. He spoke fluent Shinwari Pashto accent and woretraditional
black waistcoat along with Shalwar Qameez and Charasada black chapal as soon as
got back from his college. I was raised in a muddy home, my father Ejaz Masih
retired from Frontier Corp (FC) as housekeeper while my mother being a brave
woman -a breast cancer patient helped me in fulfilling my desire to get
education.

I wanted to break the taboo that everyone in the Christian community was
supposed to do class-IV jobs. I broke the family tradition in a way. I excelled
in doing my National Diploma in Business (NDB) and began surfing the net for
future prospects, Mr Sunny narrated. He has two sisters and four brothers while
his ailing mother still contributes to home expenses by sewing clothes. I have a
vision for bringing about a positive change in the lives of youth across the
world. I am the founder President of Worldwide Youth Development (WWYD)
organization working for encouraging young people to explore and utilize their
talent, he explained. He has studied project management and leadership courses
at the college. "I have now a better understanding of how to mobilize and
motivate the youth to work for the whole community" Mr Sajid said.

I am proud of this dress and Pashto language. I don't think I represent here
only my Christian community, I also represent Fata and my beloved country
Pakistan, he maintained. He has almost completed his training and foresaw a
bright future for his people. Education he said was a panacea for all social
ills. He added that Pakistani youth had great potential and could do wonders if
they exploited their talent. "Hard work is the key to every kind of success. The
secret behind the American people is work, work and more work. Only luck cannot
help unless youth add hard work with it, Mr Sunny Sajid Masih concluded.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Washington: WSU Spokane names new research initiative, team, director

LENGTH: 798 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Olympia: Wahington State University, The State of Washington has issued the
following news release:



 A distinguished physician researcher has been named director of a new program
at Washington State University Health Sciences Spokane to improve community
health in underserved populations and geographic regions.





 Former University of Washington professor of epidemiology and medicine Dedra
Buchwald will head the Initiative for Research and Education to Advance
Community Health (IREACH). Her research team will be welcomed at a public
reception Nov.4.



 &ldquo;Our interest in serving underserved communities goes back to our
beginnings 125 years ago when WSU was named a land grant university,&rdquo; said
WSU Spokane Chancellor Lisa Brown. &ldquo;Having researchers of such high
caliber who study health in those communities is a big step forward for WSU
Spokane.&rdquo;

 Focus on Native health



 Buchwald's National Institutes for Health-funded research over the last 30
years has focused on American Indian and Alaska Native health; studies about
twins; and chronic fatigue/chronic pain.



 She founded the Partnerships for Native Health, one of the largest research
centers focused on Native health in the U.S., and she founded the country's
largest twin registry, a community-based registry of about 10,000 children and
adults residing primarily in Washington state.



 She leads one of the sites in the Multidisciplinary Approach to the Study of
Chronic Pelvic Pain Research Network, which embraces a systemic and integrated
approach to the study of chronic pelvic pain and related conditions.



 Joining Buchwald in IREACH are associate director Michael McDonell, Kai'mi
Sinclair and Lonnie Nelson, all faculty members in Partnerships for Native
Health; Glen Duncan, chair of WSU Spokane's nutrition and exercise physiology
program; and Abigail Echo-Hawk, co-director of Partnerships for Native Health.

 Research on addiction, intervention



 McDonell's primary research interests are on how interventions, such as
behavioral therapy, can be used to treat alcoholism in populations that suffer
from high rates of alcohol addiction. He is nationally known for his work on
using new alcohol biomarkers to improve the assessment and treatment of
alcoholism.



 He recently received funding for other projects to evaluate a new state program
to prevent severe mental illness in young people and to develop a smartphone app
to treat alcoholism.



 Sinclair's research focuses on community-based interventions to prevent
diabetes and promote health in Native populations. She is the principal
investigator on three large federal grants focused on either adapting
evidence-based diabetes prevention strategies for Native communities or testing
the impact of culturally based interventions on health.



 Nelson's research focuses on using patient-centered and harm-reduction
behavioral strategies to improve health in Native communities. His particular
interest is focused on cultural adaptation of interventions to address lifestyle
issues such as smoking, weight loss and substance abuse. He leads several
federally funded studies focused on smoking cessation and stroke prevention in
American Indian populations.

 Research complements community medicine



 Duncan was a faculty member in epidemiology and graduate program coordinator
for the interdisciplinary graduate program in nutritional sciences at the UW
before joining WSU.



 Echo-Hawk works with American Indian and Alaska Native tribes to engage them in
health disparities research and with health researchers to ensure research is
done in a manner that respects tribal sovereignty and is culturally appropriate.
She has been an integral part of establishing health research projects and
public health initiatives with rural and urban tribal communities across the
United States.



 IREACH will work in partnership with WSU Spokane's Program of Excellence in
Addictions Research (PEAR), a long-standing multidisciplinary group of
researchers that has made significant contributions to the field of alcohol and
drug addiction. It was established by Senior Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs
and Research John Roll and is directed by Sterling McPherson.



 The addition of IREACH complements other work as well, said Roll.



 &ldquo;This group of scholars strengthens our already strong commitment to
conducting cutting-edge research to improve the lives of all patients, their
families and their communities,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;This fits well with
research being conducted in multiple WSU colleges and will complement the
community-based approach to medicine that is embodied in the new Elson S. Floyd
College of Medicine.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Heitkamp, USDA Under Secretary Visit Spirit Lake to Announce Nearly
$1 Million for Business Development

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today visited the Spirit Lake Indian reservation
with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah, who
oversees rural development, to announce $973,000 in federal funding for business
development to benefit Spirit Lake.





 &ldquo;All too often, rural America and Indian Country get overlooked when
Congress is making funding decisions in Washington - but I fight every day for
the resources that I know rural and Indian communities in our state need,&rdquo;
said Heitkamp. &ldquo;The business development this federal funding will spur
not only creates economic growth and jobs - it also makes our communities
stronger. Tribal and rural areas often face unique challenges, but by passing
legislation like the Farm Bill that supports critical programs for these
communities, we can change that trajectory.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;USDA is committed to increasing economic opportunities in Native
American communities by investing in projects that will create well-paying jobs
and improve quality of life for Tribal families. This innovative reuse of an
existing building will provide affordable, attractive space for small
businesses, helping them save on operating costs and become financially
secure,&rdquo; said Mensah.



 &ldquo;The renovation will provide a needed venue for entrepreneurs to
flourish, which will ultimately help revitalize the local economy, creates jobs
in an area that really needs employment opportunities, and improves the quality
of life for the entire region. USDA is proud to partner with the Spirit Lake
community on this project. We know that North Dakota is better when we're all
pulling together,&rdquo; said Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state
director.



 Spirit Lake applied for the USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development
Grant to revamp a mini-mall that sits on Highway 20 on the reservation. The
grant will help update the structure of the 12,750-square-foot mall that
currently houses Paul's Grocery and Luis Caf&eacute;. The renovation will update
the mall to work as a business incubator, with additional offices created for
businesses to rent. The incubator is geared towards entrepreneurs, which could
include students from the Business Development Center at Cankdeska Cikana
Community College.



 The federal grant builds on Heitkamp's previous work advocating for economic
growth in tribal communities in the state. In July, Heitkamp brought U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet to the
Standing Rock Sioux Reservation for a roundtable discussion with tribal and
business leaders on supporting economic growth in Indian Country. At the
roundtable, Heitkamp and Contreras-Sweet announced $700,000 in federal funding
to help Native Americans start small businesses and get educational training to
build a business from the ground up.



 The Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program funding the business
development project Heitkamp announced with Mensah today was reauthorized in the
2014 Farm Bill. It was funded at $24 million in FY2015.



 RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical assistance,
training and other activities leading to the development or expansion of small
and emerging private businesses in rural areas. Programmatic activities are
separated into enterprise or opportunity type grant activities. RBDG funds must
be directed for projects benefitting rural areas or towns outside the urbanized
periphery of any city with a population of 50,000 or more.



 Heitkamp sits on the Indian Affairs Committee and the Agriculture Committee.
She has long championed rural development - from housing to business development
- in North Dakota's rural and Indian communities. Heitkamp's efforts include:



     Engaging the Administration on unsafe conditions in Indian Country:
Heitkamp has consistently engaged the President and federal leaders on
addressing mold issues across tribal lands. After the President and First Lady
visited Standing Rock in June 2014, Heitkamp encouraged President Obama to
improve educational conditions for children at Cannon Ball Elementary - a
learning facility battling mold, rats and a leaky roof. Shortly after, the
school was awarded technological assistance in every classroom, and President
Obama cited his visit as the impetus for his Generation Indigenous initiative to
help Native students overcome barriers to success.



     Securing investments in housing improvements: Last October, Heitkamp
brought HUD Secretary Castro to Belcourt to view the dire housing conditions on
the Turtle Mountain reservation. During the visit, Castro and Heitkamp announced
the approval of $6 million in mold remediation funding. Last month, Heitkamp
helped secure $800,000 in federal funding to support housing improvements and
mold remediation efforts for the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe. In February, Heitkamp
announced more than $20 million in federal funding to promote safe and
affordable housing on tribal lands in North Dakota.



     Working to sustain and improve tribal housing: As a member of the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, Heitkamp has advocated for increased infrastructure
and financial solutions to barriers in Indian housing development. In March,
Heitkamp helped the Committee pass bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA), which
supports efforts to provide safe and affordable housing to American Indians.
Heitkamp has been pushing for the reauthorization of NAHASDA since July 2013.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) Collaborative
Research Centers (CRCs) (U54)

LENGTH: 858  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    RFA-NS-17-021

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue
Syndrome (ME/CFS) Collaborative Research Centers (CRCs) (U54)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Category of Funding Activity:    Education

 Health

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    93.172 -- Human Genome Research

 93.213 -- Research and Training in Complementary and Integrative Health

 93.233 -- National Center on Sleep Disorders Research

 93.242 -- Mental Health Research Grants

 93.273 -- Alcohol Research Programs

 93.279 -- Drug Abuse and Addiction Research Programs

 93.837 -- Cardiovascular Diseases Research

 93.838 -- Lung Diseases Research

 93.839 -- Blood Diseases and Resources Research

 93.840 -- Translation and Implementation Science Research for Heart, Lung,
Blood Diseases, and Sleep Disorders

 93.846 -- Arthritis, Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases Research

 93.853 -- Extramural Research Programs in the Neurosciences and Neurological
Disorders

 93.855 -- Allergy and Infectious Diseases Research

 93.856 -- Microbiology and Infectious Diseases Research

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Jan 27, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Jan 27, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 02, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 02, 2017

 Archive Date:    Jun 02, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $1,200,000

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Special district governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 State governments

 Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities

 Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information on Eligibility" for
clarification)

 Small businesses

 City or township governments

 Private institutions of higher education

 Independent school districts

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 County governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Other Eligible Applicants include the
following: Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian Serving Institutions; Asian
American Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (AANAPISISs);
Eligible Agencies of the Federal Government; Faith-based or Community-based
Organizations; Hispanic-serving Institutions; Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs); Indian/Native American Tribal Governments (Other than
Federally Recognized); Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign Organizations);
Regional Organizations; Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities (TCCUs) ;
U.S. Territory or Possession; Non-domestic (non-U.S.) Entities (Foreign
Institutions) are not eligible to apply. Non-domestic (non-U.S.) components of
U.S. Organizations are not eligible to apply. Foreign components, as defined in
the NIH Grants Policy Statement, are allowed.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institutes of Health

 Description:    This Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) invites
applications for Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS)
Collaborative Research Centers (CRC). The overarching goal of this initiative is
to establish a network of Centers that will work collaboratively to define the
cause(s) of and discover improved treatments for ME/CFS. A more immediate goal
for each Center is to rapidly advance synergistic, interdisciplinary research
programs while serving as local resources and national leaders in ME/CFS
research. Successful CRC research programs will facilitate research in ME/CFS
through conducting of 1) collaborative basic and/or clinical research on ME/CFS;
2) longitudinal studies of individuals with ME/CFS within each ME/CFS CRC and
across CRCs within the network; 3) access to information related to ME/CFS for
basic and clinical researchers, academic and practicing physicians, healthcare
professionals, patients, and the lay public. Clinical data management for
efficient data collection as well as data mining and data sharing will be
addressed through the separate data management and coordinating center (DMCC).
Institutions must be committed to the establishment and continuation of the
proposed ME/CFS CRC. Funding decisions will focus on those applications most
likely to make highly impactful contributions to ME/CFS research, as well as on
those with the greatest potential to collaborate effectively across the ME/CFS
CRC program.

 Link to Additional Information:    http://grants.nih.gov/grants/
guide/rfa-files/RFA-NS-17-021.html
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           April 10, 2013  Wednesday

Details of Obama's Fiscal-2014 Budget for Higher Education and Science

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Administration

LENGTH: 399  words


Student assistance
 Pell Grants (program costs)                              $35,26 $29,86 -15%
                                                          5      8
 Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants              $735   $735   0%
 Federal Work-Study                                       $977   $1,127 15%
 TEACH Grants                                             $4     $1     -75%
 Graduate Assistance in Areas of National Need            $31    $31    0%
New loan volume
 Stafford Loans                                           $28,64 $29,34 2%
                                                          5      5
 Unsubsidized Stafford Loans                              $59,18 $62,72 6%
                                                          6      9
 PLUS Loans                                               $18,60 $19,98 7%
                                                          2      7
Aid to disadvantaged students
 TRIO programs for disadvantaged students                 $840   $840   0%
 Gear Up                                                  $302   $302   0%
Discretionary institutional assistance
 Historically black colleges                              $314   $313   0%
 Hispanic-serving institutions                            $100   $100   0%
 Tribal colleges                                          $56    $56    0%
Career and technical education
 State grants                                             $1,123 $1,123 0%
Education research and statistics
 Research, development, and dissemination                 $190   $202   6%
 Statewide data systems                                   $38    $85    124%
 Fund for the Improvement of Postsecondary Education      $4     $260   6400
                                                                        %
Scientific research
 National Institutes of Health (program level)            $31,05 $31,33 1%
                                                          7      1
National Science Foundation
 Total                                                    $7,076 $7,626 8%
 Research                                                 $5,767 $6,212 8%
 Education                                                $835   $880   5%
 Major research equipment                                 $169   $210   24%
 Agency operations and award management                   $301   $304   1%
Department of Agriculture
 Cooperative research and education                       $710   $801   13%
 Formula grants                                           $665   $657   -1%
 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative competitive     $266   $383   44%
grants
 Extension activities                                     $478   $459   -4%
 Integrated activities                                    $22    $28    27%
Department of Commerce oceanic and atmospheric research   $379   $472   25%
Department of Defense
 Basic research                                           $2,117 $2,165 2%
 Applied research                                         $4,478 $4,626 3%
 Advanced-technology development                          $5,266 $5,191 -1%
Department of Energy Office of Science                    $4,903 $5,152 5%
Department of Homeland Security Office of University      $37    $31    -16%
Programs
Environmental Protection Agency science and technology    $798   $784   -2%
National Aeronautics and Space Administration science     $5,121 $5,018 -2%
National Endowment for the Humanities
 Total                                                    $154.3 $154.5 0%
 Education programs                                       $13.0  $13.0  0%
 Research programs                                        $14.6  $15.4  5%
 Office of Digital Humanities                             $4.2   $4.5   7%
 Preservation and access programs                         $15.3  $15.8  3%
National Endowment for the Arts                           $154.3 $154.5 0%
Institute of Museum and Library Services                  $233   $226   -3%
Note: Figures are from the U.S. government. Dollar figures were derived from
the individual departments or agencies as much as possible. Data from the
White House Office of Management and Budget were used in other cases. As a
result, figures for specific programs may not add up to the totals listed
for each agency. Percentages have been rounded.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support a Diverse Next Generation of Farmers and
Ranchers

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of
$8.4 million in competitive grants to support the work of partner organizations
that provide training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged, Tribal and Veteran farmers and ranchers. USDA's Outreach and
Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the 2501 Program, is administered by the Office of Advocacy and
Outreach (OAO).





 "Diverse experiences, background and education are vital to a healthy
agricultural sector that continues to meet the challenges of a changing world
and the demands of markets at home and abroad," said Acting Deputy Agriculture
Secretary Michael Scuse. "The 2501 Program is an important part of how USDA
partners with land-grant universities, Tribal colleges, Tribes, nonprofits and
other community-based organizations to grow the next generation of agricultural
innovators and entrepreneurs that keep American agriculture the most productive
anywhere."



 Since 2010, more than $74 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of more than 300 local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill
reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to include military veterans.



 Partner organizations provide a range of services and technical assistance
based on local needs. Last fall, for example, 2501 funding was used to create
the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers Policy Research Center at Alcorn
State University, in Lorman, Miss. The Center will provide a national hub for
analysis and development of policy recommendations to improve engagement and
promote the interests of socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.



 Proposals for these competitive grants must be received by July 29, 2016 at
www.grants.gov. Details are available in the June 27, 2016 Federal Register
Notice or by contacting USDA, by mail at Office of Advocacy and Outreach, Attn:
Kenya Nicholas, Program Director, Whitten Building, Room 520-A, Mail Stop 0601,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, by phone: (202) 720-6350,
Fax: (202) 720-7704, or email OASDVFR2016@osec.usda.gov



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 The 2501 program supports USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2)
Initiative that coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. USDA is committed to helping farmers, ranchers, and
businesses access the growing market for local and regional foods, which
industry estimates valued at $12 billion in 2014.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to
Violence Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Justice
Deadlines  Jul 3, 2014
Contact

Email: TribalResearch@usdoj.gov
Purpose

Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to Violence
Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities will award funding
to conduct evaluations of promising programs or initiatives managed by state,
local, or tribal governments that respond effectively to violence against Indian
women living in tribal communities.

Studies specifically designed to acquire information and knowledge that will
enable tribes to make informed decisions about policies, programs, and community
action that address violence against and victimization of American Indian and
Alaska Native women are preferred.
Eligibility

Proposed tribal program evaluations must be supported by local tribes with their
support documented in the application for funding.

Eligible applicants include:

States
    Units of local government (including federally recognized Indian tribal
governments)
    Nonprofits
    For-profit organizations (including tribal nonprofit or for-profit
organizations) that agree to forgo any profit or management fee
    Institutions of higher education (including tribal institutions of higher
education)
    Certain qualified individuals

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $500,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000
Number of Awards: 4
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Health research

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to
Violence Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Justice
Deadlines  Jul 3, 2014
Contact

Email: TribalResearch@usdoj.gov
Purpose

Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to Violence
Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities will award funding
to conduct evaluations of promising programs or initiatives managed by state,
local, or tribal governments that respond effectively to violence against Indian
women living in tribal communities.

Studies specifically designed to acquire information and knowledge that will
enable tribes to make informed decisions about policies, programs, and community
action that address violence against and victimization of American Indian and
Alaska Native women are preferred.
Eligibility

Proposed tribal program evaluations must be supported by local tribes with their
support documented in the application for funding.

Eligible applicants include:

States
    Units of local government (including federally recognized Indian tribal
governments)
    Nonprofits
    For-profit organizations (including tribal nonprofit or for-profit
organizations) that agree to forgo any profit or management fee
    Institutions of higher education (including tribal institutions of higher
education)
    Certain qualified individuals

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $500,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000
Number of Awards: 4
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Health research

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

West Virginia: DHS Announces Appointment Of New Members Of The Homeland Security
Advisory Council

LENGTH: 760  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The Department of Homeland Security,West Virginia has issued the following news
release:

Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson today announced the appointment of
four new members to the Homeland Security Advisory Council (HSAC). The HSAC is
comprised of experts from state, local and tribal governments, emergency and
first responder communities, academia and the private sector who provide
recommendations and advice to the Secretary of Homeland Security on a variety of
homeland security issues.

The new members announced today include: Former U.S. Representative from Arizona
Ron Barber; Kayyem Solutions, LLC Founder Juliette Kayyem; Tohono O'odham Nation
Chairman Ned Norris Jr.; and Council on Foreign Relations Adjunct Senior Fellow
Farah Pandith.

For more information about HSAC, visit www.dhs.gov/hsac.

Ron Barber is a former U.S. Representative from Arizona. Mr. Barber served as
district director for U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords from 2007 to 2012
before Giffords resigned her seat due to the severe injuries she sustained in an
assassination attempt; Barber was also shot alongside Giffords. After the
shooting, he and his family established the Fund for Civility, Respect and
Understanding. He won a special election to finish Gifford's term and was sworn
into office on June 19, 2012. Mr. Barber served as Regional Administrator and
State Director of the Arizona Development Disabilities Department, from 1974 to
2006.

Juliette Kayyem is founder of Kayyem Solutions, LLC, a firm providing strategic
advice on risk management, mega-event planning and venture capital investments
to global clients. A member of President Obama's transition team, she then
served as DHS Assistant Secretary for Intergovernmental Affairs until 2010,
where she played pivotal roles in the H1N1 pandemic, the BP Oil Spill, and major
policy issues such as immigration reform and grant funding. Before that, she was
appointed as Massachusetts' first Undersecretary for Homeland Security by
Governor Deval L. Patrick. Kayyem is on the faculty at Harvard's Kennedy School
of Government, where she teaches new leaders in crisis management. A Pulitzer
Prize finalist for her commentary in the Boston Globe, she is a national
security analyst for CNN, a contributor to NPR's WGBH in Boston, and also hosts
the podcast "Security Mom."  She serves as Chair of the Safety and Security
Committee of the Boston 2024 Summer Olympic Bid.

Ned Norris Jr., Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation, has served as the
Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation in southern Arizona since May 2007. He
also served as the Vice Chairman from 2003 to 2007.  Chairman Norris served as a
member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Southwest Border Task Force,
a subcommittee of the National Congress of American Indians in 2009. Chairman
Norris worked for the government of the Tohono O'odham Nation for over three
decades and for six years (1988 - 1993) served as a (non-attorney) tribal Judge.
Chairman Norris was inducted to the Sunnyside Unified School District Hall of
Fame. He is also a former Commissioner for the Tohono O'odham Nation's Tribal
Employment Rights Office. He was conferred an Honorary Doctorate Degree in
Humane Letters from the University of Arizona in 2009.

Farah Pandith, Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, Senior
Fellow at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, and strategic
advisor to the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, currently leads numerous
efforts designed to counter violent extremism through new organizations,
programs, and initiatives.  She is a CVE pioneer and built first of its kind
programs including Sisters Against Violent Extremism and Generation Change. Ms.
Pandith was appointed the first-ever Special Representative to Muslim
Communities at the Department of State in June 2009. From 2004 to 2007, she was
the Director for Middle East Initiatives at the National Security Council (NSC).
Prior to the NSC, Ms. Pandith was Chief of Staff at the Bureau for Asia and the
Near East at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). Ms. Pandith
also served at USAID from 1990-1993 and was Vice President for International
Business at ML Strategies from 1997-2003. She was a key architect of the Women
in Public Service Project. She serves on the Board of Overseers at the Fletcher
School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and on the Smith College
President's Council.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: DHS Announces Appointment Of New Members Of The Homeland Security
Advisory Council

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Homeland Security has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON-- Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson today announced the
appointment of four new members to the Homeland Security Advisory Council
(HSAC). The HSAC is comprised of experts from state, local and tribal
governments, emergency and first responder communities, academia and the private
sector who provide recommendations and advice to the Secretary of Homeland
Security on a variety of homeland security issues.

The new members announced today include: Former U.S. Representative from Arizona
Ron Barber; Kayyem Solutions, LLC Founder Juliette Kayyem; Tohono O'odham Nation
Chairman Ned Norris Jr.; and Council on Foreign Relations Adjunct Senior Fellow
Farah Pandith.

For more information about HSAC, visit www.dhs.gov/hsac.

Ron Barber is a former U.S. Representative from Arizona. Mr. Barber served as
district director for U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords from 2007 to 2012
before Giffords resigned her seat due to the severe injuries she sustained in an
assassination attempt; Barber was also shot alongside Giffords. After the
shooting, he and his family established the Fund for Civility, Respect and
Understanding. He won a special election to finish Gifford's term and was sworn
into office on June 19, 2012. Mr. Barber served as Regional Administrator and
State Director of the Arizona Development Disabilities Department, from 1974 to
2006.

Juliette Kayyem is founder of Kayyem Solutions, LLC, a firm providing strategic
advice on risk management, mega-event planning and venture capital investments
to global clients. A member of President Obama's transition team, she then
served as DHS Assistant Secretary for Intergovernmental Affairs until 2010,
where she played pivotal roles in the H1N1 pandemic, the BP Oil Spill, and major
policy issues such as immigration reform and grant funding. Before that, she was
appointed as Massachusetts' first Undersecretary for Homeland Security by
Governor Deval L. Patrick. Kayyem is on the faculty at Harvard's Kennedy School
of Government, where she teaches new leaders in crisis management. A Pulitzer
Prize finalist for her commentary in the Boston Globe, she is a national
security analyst for CNN, a contributor to NPR's WGBH in Boston, and also hosts
the podcast "Security Mom."  She serves as Chair of the Safety and Security
Committee of the Boston 2024 Summer Olympic Bid.

Ned Norris Jr., Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation, has served as the
Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation in southern Arizona since May 2007. He
also served as the Vice Chairman from 2003 to 2007.  Chairman Norris served as a
member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council's Southwest Border Task Force,
a subcommittee of the National Congress of American Indians in 2009. Chairman
Norris worked for the government of the Tohono O'odham Nation for over three
decades and for six years (1988 - 1993) served as a (non-attorney) tribal Judge.
Chairman Norris was inducted to the Sunnyside Unified School District Hall of
Fame. He is also a former Commissioner for the Tohono O'odham Nation's Tribal
Employment Rights Office. He was conferred an Honorary Doctorate Degree in
Humane Letters from the University of Arizona in 2009.

Farah Pandith, Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, Senior
Fellow at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, and strategic
advisor to the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, currently leads numerous
efforts designed to counter violent extremism through new organizations,
programs, and initiatives.  She is a CVE pioneer and built first of its kind
programs including Sisters Against Violent Extremism and Generation Change. Ms.
Pandith was appointed the first-ever Special Representative to Muslim
Communities at the Department of State in June 2009. From 2004 to 2007, she was
the Director for Middle East Initiatives at the National Security Council (NSC).
Prior to the NSC, Ms. Pandith was Chief of Staff at the Bureau for Asia and the
Near East at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). Ms. Pandith
also served at USAID from 1990-1993 and was Vice President for International
Business at ML Strategies from 1997-2003. She was a key architect of the Women
in Public Service Project. She serves on the Board of Overseers at the Fletcher
School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and on the Smith College
President's Council.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to
Violence Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Justice
Deadlines  Jul 3, 2014
Contact

Email: TribalResearch@usdoj.gov
Purpose

Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to Violence
Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities will award funding
to conduct evaluations of promising programs or initiatives managed by state,
local, or tribal governments that respond effectively to violence against Indian
women living in tribal communities.

Studies specifically designed to acquire information and knowledge that will
enable tribes to make informed decisions about policies, programs, and community
action that address violence against and victimization of American Indian and
Alaska Native women are preferred.
Eligibility

Proposed tribal program evaluations must be supported by local tribes with their
support documented in the application for funding.

Eligible applicants include:

States
    Units of local government (including federally recognized Indian tribal
governments)
    Nonprofits
    For-profit organizations (including tribal nonprofit or for-profit
organizations) that agree to forgo any profit or management fee
    Institutions of higher education (including tribal institutions of higher
education)
    Certain qualified individuals

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $500,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000
Number of Awards: 4
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Health research

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to
Violence Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Justice
Deadlines  Jul 3, 2014
Contact

Email: TribalResearch@usdoj.gov
Purpose

Evaluating the Effectiveness of State, Local, and Tribal Responses to Violence
Committed Against Indian Women Living in Tribal Communities will award funding
to conduct evaluations of promising programs or initiatives managed by state,
local, or tribal governments that respond effectively to violence against Indian
women living in tribal communities.

Studies specifically designed to acquire information and knowledge that will
enable tribes to make informed decisions about policies, programs, and community
action that address violence against and victimization of American Indian and
Alaska Native women are preferred.
Eligibility

Proposed tribal program evaluations must be supported by local tribes with their
support documented in the application for funding.

Eligible applicants include:

States
    Units of local government (including federally recognized Indian tribal
governments)
    Nonprofits
    For-profit organizations (including tribal nonprofit or for-profit
organizations) that agree to forgo any profit or management fee
    Institutions of higher education (including tribal institutions of higher
education)
    Certain qualified individuals

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $500,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000
Number of Awards: 4
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Abuse and domestic violence, American Indians, Alaska Natives and
Native Hawaiians, Health research

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

Sappi, FDLTCC partner to pass on knowledge

BYLINE: Jamie Lund, The Pine Journal, Cloquet, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1120 words


Feb. 07--It's no secret that aging baby boomers are retiring in large numbers
and, in some cases, taking years or even a lifetime of experience with them.

With the help of a $350,000 grant from the Minnesota Job Skills Partnership,
Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College and Sappi Fine Paper are working
together to solve the problem of that disappearing knowledge base at the paper
mill in Cloquet by developing an in-house training system for Sappi employees
and then teaching them how to use it.

The three-year project will support entry-level, retraining, and advanced
training for employees at the paper mill, the Minnesota Department of Employment
and Economic Development (DEED) announced during a partnership signing agreement
ceremony held at Sappi's Cloquet Mill Thursday, Jan. 28. The signing ceremony
included FDLTCC president Larry Anderson and Mike Schultz, managing director of
Sappi's Cloquet mill, along with Paul Moe, director of Minnesota Job Skills
Partnership Program.

Schultz said after years of discussion about a possible project between Sappi
and FDLTCC, the high numbers of employees eligible for retirement at the paper
mill brought the project more sharply into focus last year. Years ago the
retirement rate at Sappi was only 3 percent -- now it has risen to 10 percent.

"There is a vacuum of workers left by the retiring baby boomers," Moe said.
"It's sobering for many employers."

The proposed "Knowledge Management and Training System" will house Sappi's
knowledge base in a way that is accessible for all employees. The computerized,
user-friendly system will be used to identify, document, and transfer employees'
knowledge so that critical information can be shared, and unique information
based on experience can be passed on from retiring generations of workers to new
ones.

The development of the program will begin with individual interviews with each
of the Cloquet paper mill's 538 hourly employees.

Two retired Sappi employees have been hired by FDLTCC as subject matter experts
and are helping head up the project. They have begun organizing information and
conducting interviews in order to determine where to start with the large
project.

"To begin, we will look at jobs that are more easily defined as a means of
getting acclimated with this new process," Schultz said. "Once this occurs (in
approximately six months) we will move to our top positions as this is where we
expect to see the turnover being the greatest and where the accumulation of
years of experience and knowledge is most profound and at risk of not being
captured for future workers."

For example, some jobs will be videotaped so the viewer can see step-by-step
instructions from someone who has had years of experience working the machine.
The videos can help an employee who is a visual learner understand the process
more easily than reading instructions from a written manual, although the
written manuals will still be available.

The system will accommodate many different learning styles, including written,
audio, video, and diagrams, and will be accessible via computer stations and
handheld tablets.

When the program is completed the employees of Sappi will have a virtual
encyclopedia of knowledge of many of the jobs in the mill. The variety of media
formats can be updated if the need arises in the future.

"We envision a simple "YouTube" type video along with a narrative from an
experienced operator as an example of how we would use a knowledge management
system in practice," Schultz said. "Many activities are best learned on the job.
However, to accelerate the process and keep them uniform it requires we provide
our employees with as much available knowledge as possible."

According to Jeannie Kermeen, FDLTCC customized training director and the grant
writer, this system will provide answers to immediate issues such as machine
malfunction, maintenance and repairs in a consistent manner, in addition to the
training.

The employees will be interviewed and tested on their knowledge after they have
used the training program to see where their job understanding is and if any
more training will be necessary. Based on the interviews, Sappi will identify
remaining skills gaps and work with Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College on
future training.

It's all part of an ongoing relationship between the two entities.

"We have had several successful education and training partnerships between the
college and Sappi in previous years, and I look forward to another positive
result with this new project," Anderson said. "This partnership and initiative
is going to yield great things for Sappi and the communities we serve."

After they learn how to use the system, employees will have digital access to
the technical information and documents needed to perform their jobs, which is
vital information that often disappears when experienced, senior-level staff
retire. Employees will also complete job task certification training modules
needed for career advancement. As well, the new training system could
potentially be applied at Sappi locations across the country.

"This grant makes it possible for Sappi to get their entry-level workforce
onboard quickly, to provide retraining for seasoned workers, and to offer a path
for employees to progress in their paper industry careers," said DEED
Commissioner Katie Clark Sieben. "In addition, Fond du Lac Tribal and Community
College will have the ability to customize the Knowledge Management and Training
System for use by other manufacturers in the region."

FDLTCC will work with Advanced Minnesota, a consortium of five custom training
and continuing education programs in northeast Minnesota, to develop the
Knowledge Management and Training System.

Once the program is developed, FDLTCC will have the full rights to duplicate and
customize the framework to fit the needs of other manufacturers and businesses
in the region who may be interested in a similar project for themselves. And
Sappi will utilize the cameras and editing equipment in the new digital
recording studio at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College to ensure the
knowledge capture system is consistently updated and functioning properly.

"We wish you the best of luck as you move forward with the grant," Moe said
after the signing.

The ceremony was followed by an optional lunch and tour of Sappi by any who were
interested in participating in the opportunity. Sappi does not normally offer
scheduled tours to the public, but do offer tours when requested for groups or
organizations, such as business, state officials or schools.

___ (c)2016 The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minn.) Visit The Pine Journal (Cloquet,
Minn.) at www.pinejournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160207-CQ-Sappi-FDLTCC-partner-to-pass-on-knowledge-0207-20160207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CQ


                        Copyright 2016 The Pine Journal

                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.8 Million to Support a Diverse Next Generation of
Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 September 28, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced
$8.4 million to support the work of 54 partner organizations in 35 states to
provide training, outreach and technical assistance for socially disadvantaged,
tribal and veteran farmers and ranchers. An additional $400,000 will help
establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers Policy Research Center
at Alcorn State University in Lorman, Miss.





 "Today's announcement is part of our ongoing commitment to support an
agricultural landscape where there is room and opportunity for all," said
Vilsack. "Agriculture is just like any other business-it needs people from
diverse backgrounds and experience levels in order to reach its full potential
and meet the challenges of tomorrow. Identifying, recruiting and training a
vibrant next generation of American farmers and ranchers has never been more
exciting or more urgent than it is right now."



 Among today's recipients, 31 partner organizations serve persistent poverty
counties that are part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity
Initiative. Twenty-five of the partnerships include resources for veterans
interested in farming and 12 focus on tribal communities.



 Examples include a $200,000 grant in Minnesota and western Wisconsin to support
the Latino Economic Development Center in assisting low-income, beginning Latino
and Hmong farmers by providing direct training and assistance to increase land
ownership, profitability and sustainability. In South Carolina a $147,722 grant
will support Project Outreach, Education and Training (POET) coordination in
areas identified as having the highest concentrations of socially disadvantaged
and veteran farmers in USDA StrikeForce counties.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Utah: EPA Awards 15 Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Grants Totaling Over $8
Million to Combat Invasive Species

LENGTH: 1196  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency today announced the award of 15 Great Lakes
Restoration Initiative grants totaling more than $8 million for projects to
combat invasive species in the Great Lakes basin.

"These Great Lakes Restoration Initiative grants will be used to target aquatic
and terrestrial invasive species in the Great Lakes basin," said Region 5
Administrator/ Great Lakes National Program Manager Susan Hedman. "The projects
will also help to prevent the introduction of new invasive species that pose
significant risks to the Great Lakes ecosystem."

Since 2010, EPA has funded more than 80 GLRI projects totaling over $50 million
to combat invasive species.

The latest EPA invasive species grant recipients are:


    · Illinois Department of Natural Resources ($999,725) will work with
partners (Forest Preserves of Cook County, Chicago Park District, Illinois
Nature Preserve Commission and The Nature Conservancy) to control invasive
plants in the Millennium Reserve which is located along the southeastern shore
of Lake Michigan. Twelve sites -- totaling almost 300 acres of wetlands,
prairies and savannas -- will be restored. The project will also provide work
experience through the city's Greencorps program.

· Bay-Lake Regional Planning Commission ($999,648) will work with public and
private landowners to remove at least 1,500 acres of phragmites along the shores
of Green Bay on Lake Michigan. The project will identify and prioritize removal
sites and provide training to landowners on methods to control phragmites.

· Upper Peninsula Resource Conservation and Development Council ($964,922) will
collaborate with local and regional partners to restore 800 acres of coastal
shoreline and wetlands in Michigan's Upper Peninsula (in the Lake Michigan, Lake
Huron, and Lake Superior watersheds) by treating invasive phragmites. The
council will also train local groups to detect new infestations and assume
stewardship for long-term control efforts.

· Milwaukee County Department of Parks, Recreation and Culture ($635,000) will
collaborate with the Milwaukee Conservation Leadership Corps/Student
Conservation Association, the Great Lakes Community Conservation Corps, the
Alliance for the Great Lakes and the University of Wisconsin Sea Grant Institute
to remove plant invasive species from 32 ecologically diverse natural areas
encompassing 1,300 acres of critical wildlife habitat in the Lake Michigan
basin. The project will also provide educational opportunities for students in
grades 6-12 and for college students.

· Lorain County, Ohio, ($634,889) will implement a project to control at least
30 acres of invasive plant species (particularly phragmites) and to restore
habitat in the Black River Watershed and two smaller tributaries to Lake Erie.
About 10 seasonal employees will be hired for this project through the Black
River Civilian Conservation Corps.

· Wayne County Department of Public Services ($634,756) and partners which
include a student conservation corps will implement an integrated pest
management program for invasive species along the Rouge River and on county
property in the Detroit River watershed. The project will control phragmites,
Eurasian milfoil, buckthorn, garlic mustard and other invasive species on 250
acres in the Lake Erie basin.

· The Nature Conservancy ($622,594) will deploy work crews to eliminate invasive
species (including phragmites, Japanese stiltgrass, glossy buckthorn and wild
carrot) from about 400 acres of priority lands in Michigan's Oak Openings Region
and Ohio's western Lake Erie watershed. Removing invasive species from this
globally rare ecosystem will benefit plants, animals and natural communities.

· Cuyahoga River Community Planning Organization ($534,230) will work with the
Crooked River Cooperative Weed Management Area Partnership to identify and
remove invasive plants (including phragmites, cattails, purple loosestrife,
Japanese stiltgrass and hydrilla) from about 1,800 acres in the Cuyahoga River
watershed, which drains into Lake Erie. A regional team will work with local
partners to improve public awareness of invasive plants in this watershed.

· Paul Smith's College of Arts and Sciences ($491,090) and the Lake Ontario
Headwaters Integrated Control Program will coordinate activities in western
Adirondack Park to protect the headwaters of Lake Ontario from aquatic invasive
species. Teams will remove invasive plants from 200 acres along four Adirondack
waterways. In addition, five boat launch sites will be staffed with boat
inspectors.

· Wisconsin Tribal Conservation Advisory Council ($472,920) will use a
conservation corps model to control numerous invasive plant species at several
sites, spanning about 640 acres over 100 river miles in the Lake Michigan and
Lake Superior basins. The project also provides education to tribal youths and
adults on preventing the spread of invasive species.

· The Nature Conservancy ($364,630) will work with private landowners in the
Lake Erie basin to control invasive plants on 500 acres of land adjacent to the
Grand River and its tributaries (including wetlands). This project will control
invasive species such as phragmites and Japanese knotweed, and will create five
seasonal jobs.

· The Nature Conservancy ($254,517) will provide assistance to private
landowners in the western Lake Erie basin to manage invasive plant species on
their property. This project will promote the transition from government's
wide-scale approach to treating and controlling invasive species to an approach
that is landowner-led and property-based.

· Friends of the Cedarburg Bog ($197,119) will implement a project to control
buckthorn in over 600 acres of the Cedarburg Bog near Milwaukee. The bog is an
example of the high-quality wetland communities -- once common to the southern
Lake Michigan watershed -which are now threatened by a growing population of
invasive glossy buckthorn.

· Alger Conservation District ($187,462) will use chemical, biological and
manual methods to control invasive species (including purple loosestrife,
Japanese knotweed and garlic mustard) on 130 acres of land in the central
portion of Michigan's Upper Peninsula in the Lake Michigan and the Lake Superior
basins. The project will also provide outreach to landowners on long-term
strategies to control invasive species.

· West Michigan Shoreline Regional Development Commission ($153,314) and local
partners will implement a project to control phragmites and purple loosestrife
on about 50 acres shoreline wetlands near Muskegon Lake and Bear Lake in the
Lake Michigan basin. Residents and landowners will also be trained on methods to
control invasive plants.

GLRI funding is also used to support efforts to prevent Asian Carp from
establishing populations in the Great Lakes. To date, GLRI has contributed $115
million to the Asian Carp Regional Coordinating Committee and Great Lakes states
for this work.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

ON CAMPUS: UND football continues scholarship giveaway

BYLINE: Wade Rupard, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


Sept. 27--One UND student will get a little richer at each home football game
this season.

The athletics department and NoDak Nation announced they will give away a $5,000
scholarship to a UND student during a fourth-quarter drawing at each home game.

The program, called Bubba'$ Buck$, began at Saturday's Potato Bowl game.
Students can enter for a chance to win the scholarship by bringing their valid
ID and filling out an entry form at the NoDak Nation table on the southwest
concourse before the end of halftime. This must be completed each game because
entries from previous games will not carry over to the next game.

With five home games on the schedule, $25,000 in total will be donated through
alumni donations.

The program was continued this season after giving away a $1,000 scholarship at
the final home game in 2015.

--UND Engineering has received accreditation to all of the undergraduate
programs from the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET. Dean of the
Engineering College, Hesham El-Rewini, said the programs were reviewed last
November for accreditation. The college is planning to celebrate the recent
accreditations.

--UND's Energy and Environmental Research Center (EERC) has announced a
collaboration with the Department of Energy, National Energy Technology
Laboratory and Hitachi High Technologies America Inc. The agencies will work
together to improve assessment methods for estimating the storage capacity of
carbon dioxide in shale formations.

--Judy Ward, a senior project coordinator for the Center for Rural Health at
UND's School of Medicine and Health Sciences in Minot, has been presented with
the Values Recognition Award. The recognition was granted by the National
Organization of State Offices of Rural Health on Sept. 7 in Boston. The award is
given to individuals who demonstrate commitment to the organization's values.

--The North Dakota congressional delegation has announced $350,000 in funding
for the UND School of Medicine and Health Sciences. The grant will provide
training materials and culturally appropriate information on elder abuse in
Indian Country, a concern addressed by the school's National Indigenous Elder
Justice Initiative.

--UND's Associate Professor of Engineering Saleh Faruque has published the
fourth book in his "Made Easy" series on electrical engineering concepts.
Faruque's latest release focuses on radio frequency modulation.

--Research co-led by UND and the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario, which
studied the aerobic fitness of youth across 50 countries, has been published in
the British Journal of Medicine. The highlights of the study found Tanzania,
Iceland, Estonia, Norway and Japan to be the top five fittest countries. The
United States came in at 47 of 50.

--The University of Minnesota-Crookston, in conjunction with White Earth Tribal
and Community College, will offer an undergraduate cohort in early childhood
education. Classes will be at the White Earth tribal and Community College in
Mahnomen, Minn., weekly in the evenings for a total of six weeks in the fall and
spring. Classes begin Oct 1.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160927-GF-ON-CAMPUS-UND-football-continues-scholarship-giveaway-0927-20160927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald

                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

'Govt funding SC, ST students' education like never before'

SECTION: MYSURU

LENGTH: 444 words


Mysuru: In the recently announced budget, the state government has earmarked Rs
1,100 crore exclusively for the welfare of SCs/STs, said E Venkataiah , retired
secretary to the government and adviser to social welfare department on SCP/TSP
schemes. Speaking after inaugurating a five-day training programme being jointly
organized by the department and Karnataka State Tribal Research Institute
(Mysuru), he said: "The state government has introduced various schemes for the
welfare of people belonging to SC and ST. But due to the lack of awareness about
the programmes, only some of them are reaching the beneficiaries.

The officers concerned, including district social welfare officers, should take
initiative and create awareness about them, and ensure that they reach all the
beneficiaries. The government is serious to bring deprived class to mainstream.
For this, it has increased the annual grants to Rs 1,100 crore. Disciplinary and
criminal action will be taken against the officers who fail to utilize the
amount reserved for schemes."He also called upon the officers to encourage
students belonging to SC/ST to seriously pursue education, especially higher
education. There is a need to increase in the number of hostels for students as
it will help check dropout rate. In addition to the existing 400 hostels, the
government is planning to build 400 more. To encourage students to study abroad,
the government is giving 100% grants for SC/ST families having an annual income
of less than Rs 6 lakh, and 50% grants for families with an annual income
between Rs 6 lakh and Rs 15 lakh. SC and ST students studying abroad are given
grants up to Rs 40 lakh. If an SC/ST student scores 60% and above marks in SSLC
in the first attempt, (s) he will be given a scholarship of Rs 20,000. The
government has reserved Rs 50 crore exclusively for this," Venkataiah added. He
further said that the government is mulling over extending residential hostel
facilities to SC/ST students pursuing PU courses. "Students belonging to SC/ST
should take science stream and pursue professional courses, instead just
focusing on those in commerce and arts," Venakataiah said. Venkataiah also
mentioned that meritorious students, who are interested to take competitive
exams like IAS/ IPS, will be sent to New Delhi for training. The training cost
will be borne by the government, he added.T T Basavangowda, director of
Karnataka State Tribal Research Institute (Mysuru), Veerupaksha, deputy director
of Directorate of Scheduled Tribe Welfare, and S Pratibha, research officer at
Karnataka State Tribal Research Institute (Mysuru), were present.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 4, 2016 Friday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

NRI couple arrives from UK on charity drive to help tribal girls

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 211 words


New Jersey residents, Kunal Modi and his wife Devanshi Gandhi have set out on a
road trip from the UK to India to raise $5,000 to help more than 100 tribal
girls. The duo is being accompanied by their friend, Stephen Jen, a New
Yorkbased software engineer.

They've travelled from New Jersey to Ahmedabad through 15 countries and are set
to reach Mumbai next week. They've so

far covered over 10,000 miles in 85 days in their car. \x93We started from the
US, shipped our car to the UK and started our journey from there. We covered
Belgium, Germany , Latvia, Kazakhstan, Russia, China and Myanmarto reach
India,\x93 said Modiwho arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday .

The initiative is part of a project, Project Spark, under which the trio is
raising awareness and funds for Kedi School of tribal girls in Valsad. \x93Our
cause is

just akin to a marathon where people run for a cause,\x93 said Modi. \x93The
school provides relevant formal education, boarding, meals, clothing and even
medical care to these girls. They also provide vocational training to tribal
girls, which can prepare them to work and live in their own villages,\x93 he
added.

Modi and Devanshi are also making attempts to enrol the girls for a scholarship
programme for their higher education and betterment.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 ComputerWorld

                                October 22, 2007

Tribal Link;
The Navajo Nation's `Internet to the Hogan' project will connect government
agencies serving the tribal nation's 250,000 citizens through voice, video and
data. By Mary K. Pratt

BYLINE: Mary K. Pratt

LENGTH: 1280 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Navajo Nation's "Internet to the Hogan" project will eventually
offer voice, video and data connections to government agencies serving the
tribal nation's 250,000 citizens.


When it comes to telecommunications, the Navajo Nation is years behind. Many
government agencies, school systems and individual residents lack computers and
Internet connections; in fact, many residents still don't have telephones.

The consequences of this digital divide are staggering. Citizens often drive
hours for health care and other essential services, or go without. Government
workers use older telecommunications services that aren't integrated. And
entrepreneurs and economic development plans are hindered by outdated
technologies.

"The need for an infrastructure build-out is important, because without
connectivity, you can't do anything," says Tom Davis, dean of instruction at
Navajo Technical College (NTC) in Crownpoint, N.M.

That's changing, though, with the Navajo Nation's "Internet to the Hogan"
initiative. (The term Hogan comes from the name for traditional Navajo
dwellings.) This sweeping program is the Navajo government's drive to bring 21st
century technology to its people.

"We want to use technology to create a paradigm shift to help our people and
better our lives," says Harold Skow, director of IT for the Navajo Nation, whose
central government is based in Window Rock, Ariz.

The project's significance earned it a place in the Computerworld Honors program
as the 2007 winner in the government category.

"Internet to the Hogan is a groundbreaking project that we hope will have a
ripple effect on communities throughout the state," says Benny Shendo Jr.,
cabinet secretary of the New Mexico Indian Affairs Department . "Indian people
living on rural reservations will be the first to benefit from the project. But,
looking long term, once the technology has been perfected, it will be used to
bridge the technological gap for all of the state's rural communities. Under the
leadership of Gov. Bill Richardson, it's an investment I believe will continue
to pay dividends for many years to come."

A Project of Staggering Size

To fully appreciate the critical nature and considerable size of this
undertaking, it's important to understand the Navajo Nation's starting point.
This sovereign tribal nation has more than 250,000 citizens living across 27,000
square miles in New Mexico, Arizona and Utah. Government entities, including 110
community-based chapter houses, had varying levels of telecommunication
services. Some, for example, had dial-up Internet service, while others had no
connections at all.

The Navajo Nation Department of Information Technology (DIT) set out to change
that. It wanted to build an integrated network infrastructure that would enable
any government entity - be it an agency, school or library - to communicate with
any other through voice, video and data. The DIT also wanted to connect each
chapter house so citizens could access government services close to home rather
than having to drive up to six hours to central government offices.

"When I came here, we were so far behind. None of what I was doing ]in the
private sector( was available here," says Skow, who took the director's position
four years ago, after working in private industry for 13 years.

Skow started with a three-year plan to start building the infrastructure
backbone needed for future growth. The DIT's early successes attracted the
attention of other entities, and the groups came together in late 2004 to
develop the Internet to the Hogan initiative. "I was working with my legislative
efforts, and I went to visit some people, and they had similar goals, and that
is to do a wireless project across the Navajo Nation," says Leonard Tsosie, a
former New Mexico state senator who's now a Navajo Nation Council delegate.

Tsosie says project advocates as well as the citizens themselves recognize the
need for the technology upgrade if they want to improve education, gain access
to health care, spur economic development and simply connect to the larger
online world.

The technical accomplishments to date are impressive.

By the end of this month, NTC is scheduled to have completed the first phase of
a project that will bring a major wireless pipe from Albuquerque to its rural
campus in northwest New Mexico using OC3 (155 megabit) speeds; LambdaRail , a
nationwide network infrastructure owned and controlled by the U.S. research
community; and Internet2 network capabilities. Internet2 is a research
consortium led by more than 200 U.S. universities working in partnership with
industry and government organizations to develop and deploy advanced network
applications and technologies.

The plan is to use backhaul and Canopy wireless technology from M otorola Inc.
along with products from Harris Corp. , a communications and IT company
headquartered in Melbourne, Fla., to bring broadband connectivity from NTC to 31
New Mexico-based chapter houses, which serve as centers for social, cultural and
political organization within the Navajo Nation.

Looking further ahead, the goal is to extend connectivity farther into Navajo
land in Arizona and to schools, medical clinics, hospitals, police departments,
firehouses and homes within a 15-to-30-mile radius of each chapter house using
the Canopy technology, Skow says. For example, two OC3 lines are already
providing connectivity to chapter houses and agencies in that region.

As part of the Internet to the Hogan initiative, NTC is also developing
supercomputing capabilities by building an IBM blade cluster on its campus with
wireless connectivity and Little-Fe portable computational cluster technology,
allowing clusters to be located at chapter houses and schools.

"We're working hard to catch up with the 21st century technology, and once we
develop this backbone, the opportunities will be endless," says NTC President
Elmer Guy.

Such IT advancements mean chapter houses, Navajo workers and individuals will
have access to high-speed Internet, IP-based phone service and related services,
such as interactive videoconferencing. In fact, Skow says some of that is
already in place, including videoconferencing capabilities for the Navajo
Nation's social services agency. And there are plans for projects that create
more opportunities for access, such as initiatives to supply homes - even those
without electricity - with laptops and extra batteries.

A Long Road Ahead

The interested parties, which include the DIT and advocates from more than
two-dozen other organizations, including area schools and colleges, had common
goals. However, they saw - and still face - significant challenges.

For instance, since land in the region falls under various jurisdictions,
planning often involves the New Mexico, Utah and Arizona state governments as
well as federal agencies, Tsosie says.

Finding money for the project's sizable price tag remains a challenge, too,
Tsosie says. (Skow says that about $45 million has been spent to date.)

Tsosie says the various stakeholders are volunteering time and are willing to
come together for regular meetings where they can develop their "shared vision"
into actionable plans.

As for funding, money has come from state and tribal governments, schools and
colleges, the Universal Service Fund and grants. For example, the Bill & Melinda
Gates Foundation paid for chapter house computers.

As the Internet to the Hogan initiative continues to move toward its goal of
connecting more and more areas of the Navajo Nation to the modern infrastructure
and all the services it brings, Skow, Tsosie and others say they will continue
to face organizational and financial challenges.

But Skow says he is confident that the importance of the mission will lead to
its success. "This project has one common goal: to serve our people," he says.
"We can't afford to fail."

Computerworld

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 International Data Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 4, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BLACKBOARD;
Grant Opens Doors for Native Americans

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS MARTIN

SECTION: Section 4A;  Page 9;  Column 1;  Education Life Supplement

LENGTH: 433 words


At Wolf Creek Elementary School on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South
Dakota, 98 percent of the 540 students are Indian. But only a handful of the
instructors are fluent speakers of Lakota, the language of the Indians who live
there.

"Our people need to teach our own children," said Marjorie Pumpkinseed, an
Oglala Lakota tribal member who works as an aide at the school and hopes to soon
win certification as a full-fledged teacher. "I know all the kids," she said.
"They respect me."

A recent $200,000 grant by the Philip Morris Companies to the American Indian
College Fund is helping Ms. Pumpkinseed and other Indians who aspire to be
teachers in the 29 Indian colleges and universities, most situated on
reservations. The schools serve 20,000 students representing more than 210
tribes, but even in these schools only about a third of the faculty members are
Indians.

The thought is that Indian youth best respond to teachers knowledgeable about
their own experience and language. But of the 105,000 new teachers certified for
all levels of education in 1991, only one percent were American Indian,
according to the National Center for Education Statistics, which said 1991 was
the last year such a survey was done.

Of that one percent, said David Cournoyer, a spokesman for the Indian College
Fund, some never actually teach and many go to schools that are not on
reservations.

Why is it important that Indians teach Indians?

"On a broad level it is understanding," said Mr. Cournoyer. "Other Indians are
familiar with the students' backgrounds, as well as their social and economic
problems."

He cited the importance of role models and the relative ease with which Indians
-- as opposed to whites -- can deal with disciplinary problems.

The money will be used differently in different places, but 170 potential
teachers will be helped.

At Fort Peck Indian Reservation in Montana, the goal is to increase the number
of Indian teachers, who now account for only 9 percent of the faculty.

At Sitting Bull Reservation in Fort Yates, N.D., a new degree program in
teaching special education will be launched.

At Leech Lake Tribal College in Minnesota, existing ties with the faculty of
Bemidji State College will be strengthened.

Though numerous other companies and foundations have supported Indian education,
Mr. Cournoyer said Philip Morris is the sole supporter of the teacher education
initiative.

In a way, the company's long support of Indian education is appropriate, he
said.

"Tobacco is part of the sacred tradition of numerous tribes," he noted.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday

GOVERNOR PROPOSES EXPANDING LOTTERY SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM

BYLINE: NATALIE STOREY

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 427 words


EDUCATION

Gov. Bill Richardson will seek changes to New Mexico's lottery-scholarship
program during the current legislative session, higher-education officials
learned Tuesday.

Be prepared to see the program opened to students from tribal colleges, students
who go to private schools and children of New Mexico military personnel
stationed out of state, Beverlee McClure, the secretary of higher education,
told the New Mexico Higher Education Advisory Board.

The governor's recommendation also would allow the scholarship to be used up to
two years after a student completes high school. Now, students must enter
college six months after graduation to use the money.

"It's a matter of basic fairness and equity in the governor's mind," said Eric
Witt, the governor's legislative liaison.

About 24 percent of revenues go toward scholarships, which are merit-based. Last
year, about $32.2 million funded scholarships. There has long been debate about
who should receive scholarships and how much of the lottery's revenue should be
spent on them.

The think tank Think New Mexico has said it would support spending at least 30
percent of the lottery's revenue on scholarships. Officials have said the
scholarship would go into a deficit in 2011 if the program continues as is, not
including the proposed expansions.

A similar proposal to open the scholarship to more students was stymied last
session because legislators were concerned about the fund's future, Witt said.
He said the governor realizes opening up the scholarship to more students will
affect the fund's bottom line, but options such as trimming overhead costs are
available.

About 300 students from tribal colleges would qualify for the scholarship under
the proposed changes, McClure said. Officials are unsure how many students from
military families would use the scholarship, and it's not clear how many
students would wait two years to use the money.

McClure said college presidents and others hope the proposals will not divert
attention from the department's other initiative: $50 million in need-based aid
for the poorest students. While changes to the merit-based lottery scholarship
are needed, McClure said, need-based scholarships are vital.

Witt said the governor plans to give equal attention to both proposals.

The proposed need-based aid was touted as part of Richardson's "Year of the
Child" proposals for the session. The $50 million would be an endowment for
scholarships for students who might need more than tuition assistance.

Contact Natalie Storey

at 986-3026 or nstorey@sfnewmexican.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The New Mexican

                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Rumsey Band of Wintun Indians appoints new chief operating officer

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


Mar. 12--BROOKS, Calif. -- The Rumsey Band of Wintun Indians recently announced
that Della C. Warrior has been appointed the chief operating officer for the
tribe. In this capacity, she will provide management oversight over the daily
operations of the tribe and will assist the tribal chairman, Marshall McKay, and
the tribal council in carrying out the vision and mission of the Rumsey Band.

According to McKay, Warrior was selected for the unique experience she brings to
this newly established position. "As the tribe continues to progress and expand
its services, the tribal council recognized that it was imperative that we hire
a highly skilled individual to assist the tribe in carrying out its numerous
activities," McKay said. "Ms. Warrior has over 35 years of experience in
management, tribal government, education, planning and evaluation, resource
development, facility planning and economic development. Her skills and
experience will be an asset to the attainment of the Rumsey's Vision and
Strategic Plan."

Warrior is the former president of the Institute of American Indian Arts. She is
credited with the leadership of moving the campus out of World War II barracks,
building a new campus, restoring federal funding, getting the college off of
academic probation, establishing new degree programs and attaining 10-year
accreditation. Warrior was also the first female chairman of her tribe, the
Otoe-Missouria Tribe in north-central Oklahoma. Some of her other positions
include general manager, Ponca Tribal Gaming Enterprise; grants and compliance
officer, Pawnee Nation; director of development, IAIA; director of education,
Albuquerque Public Schools; and resource specialist for the Tulsa Urban Indian
Health Resource Center.

Most recently, her consulting experience has included assisting the Ford
Foundation in the establishment of the national Native Arts and Cultural
Foundation, resource development for the Moenkopi Development Corp., resource
development for the Santa Fe Indian School, board training and planning for
Yocha-De-He Preparatory School, and strategic planning for the Rumsey Band of
Wintun Indians.

Warrior recently completed a six-year term as a trustee for the Smithsonian
Institute's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C. In
addition, she has served on the board of the American Indian Higher Education
Consortium and the American Indian College Fund. Warrior was nominated by
President Bush to the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and
Universities. She also is the current chair of the Earth Circle Foundation,
which sponsors "Wings of America," a Native youth running program.

Warrior received an undergraduate degree in sociology with minors in business
administration and psychology from Northeastern State University in Tahlequah,
Okla. She obtained a master's degree in education from Harvard University in
Cambridge, Mass. Warrior has also completed more than 40 hours toward a doctoral
degree.

Awards that she has received include Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame, 2007; Paul
Harris Fellow, Rotary International, 2005; "Women on the Move" Award, YWCA,
Albuquerque, N.M., 2000; "Star of the Southwest," Economic Development
Administration, U.S. Dept of Commerce, Southwest Region, 2001; and the New
Mexico Women's Foundation Paula, May 2008.

The Rumsey Band of Wintun Indians owns and operates Cache Creek Casino Resort in
Brooks. The tribe also operates a number of other enterprises in the Capay
Valley, including the Yocha-De-He Preparatory School and the Rumsey Rancheria
Fire Department. The Rumsey Band of Wintun Indians is a recognized sovereign
nation and is led by an elected tribal council. The tribe is an active part of
the Capay Valley community and is a generous contributor to local, state,
national and international causes. For more information on the Rumsey Band of
Wintun Indians, visit www.rumseyrancheria.org.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080312-IC-TRIBAL-OFFICER-20080312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today

                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday

State site has data on health care costs

BYLINE: By Bill Salisbury bsalisbury@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: POLITICS; Legislature; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 776 words


Minnesotans can now compare the costs and quality of health care providers on a
single Web site under an initiative unveiled Wednesday by Gov. Tim Pawlenty and
other health interests involved in the project.

Minnesota is the first state to launch a "one-stop comparison shopping Web site"
that lists the average price paid by health insurance plans for 100 of the most
common medical procedures, Pawlenty said at a Capitol news conference.

"If we're going to move toward consumer empowerment in health care reform and
more consumer choice in the health care delivery system, we have to give
consumers and purchasers better information. This Web site will do that," he
said.

Meanwhile, Minnesota Health Commissioner Sanne Magnan announced the award of $47
million in grants to communities across the state to reduce smoking and obesity.

Minnesota is the first state to invest in such a chronic disease prevention
program, Magnan said.

The price-comparison Web site, mnhealthscores.org , expands a 4-year-old
nonprofit site that reports quality measurements for health care providers.
Private health plans provide the price and quality data. The state has partnered
with private health plans and providers in the project.

Jim Chase, president of Minnesota Community Measurement, the nonprofit that
created and operates the site, said it lists prices charged by 110 medical
groups statewide. Those groups represent 80 percent to 85 percent of primary
care providers in Minnesota, he estimated, but it does not cover specialty care.

Chase doesn't expect a patient to shop for the best price for a colonoscopy, for
instance. But he said it would help consumers pick health care providers that
provide the most affordable and best-quality care.

He acknowledged that comparing costs and quality on the site is complicated.

Pawlenty said the transparency provided by the site should hold down health
costs and improve quality of care. In addition to informing consumers, he said,
it should motivate clinics to compare prices and make theirs more competitive.

Chris Schneeman, owner of SevenHills Benefit Partners in St. Paul, said
insurance brokers "have long been frustrated by the lack of reliable and
objective information about costs and quality in the health care market." He
said the new site is a "game-changing tool" for both brokers and their
customers.

The information released Wednesday is just the first step, Chase said. Prices
will continually be added and updated on the site.

The Health Department awarded 39 grants to community health agencies and tribal
governments for programs aimed at the nation's top three causes of preventable
illness and death: smoking, physical inactivity and poor nutrition.

Magnan said the new Statewide Health Improvement Program, passed by the 2008
Legislature, focuses on helping communities encourage residents to make healthy
choices. Changes could range from making more fresh fruits and vegetables
available to consumers and designating smoke-free college campuses to creating
safe walking and biking paths and requiring schools to serve healthy snacks and
lunches.

The grants will cover 86 of the state's 87 counties and eight of 11 tribal
governments, she said. A 10 percent local match is required.

After the 2008 Legislature funded the two-year, $47 million program, Pawlenty
this year proposed cutting $23 million, or 49 percent, to help erase a projected
$4.6 billion shortfall in the state budget.

"I find it ironic that the governor is today voicing support for a plan he
worked to dismantle last year with his 49 percent funding cut proposal," Rep.
Paul Thissen, DFL-Minneapolis, chairman of a House health policy committee, said
in a news release. "Fortunately, the House and Senate preserved SHIP by
rejecting this cut, keeping intact a plan to help communities reduce obesity and
smoking rates."

Pawlenty responded that during budget negotiations with lawmakers, he agreed not
to cut that program. "If I wanted to take this money, I could have done it with
the swipe of a pen," he said, referring to the unilateral cuts he made to
balance the budget.

While Senate Health Committee Chairman John Marty, DFL-Roseville, welcomed the
release of the grants, he said it's only half the money the U.S. Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention recommended for optimal funding of public health
initiatives. The grants are "not close to the type of investment we need to make
in order to truly improve health and reduce health care spending," he said.

ONLINE

The new state Web site -- www.mnhealthscores.org -- allows consumers to compare
the average price health insurance plans pay for 100 of the most common medical
procedures.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty talks about the grim state budget forecast
at the State Capitol in St. Paul on Thursday December 4, 2008. (Pioneer Press:
Richard Marshall)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

SM FATA demands basic rights of tribesmen

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Peshawar


Shabab Milli (SM) Fata chapter have decided on Friday to form Fata Youth
Assembly (FYA) aimed at raising voice against the basic rights being deprived of
tribesmen.


"Elected parliamentarians and senators from Federally Administrated Tribal Areas
(FATA) are less bothered and even do not know the issues being faced by tribal
people therefore it is need of hour to constitute such platform which can change
the fate of backward areas and create awareness among the masses" said Shah
Jahan Afridi, President, SM, Fata in a press conference at press club.
The FYA, he said would be consist on 50 members and a member would be taken from
each tehsil of tribal belt. He vowed that FYA would expose those elements which
were involved in embezzlement of that funds which were receiving on behalf of
Fata, adding billions rupees funds received but no developmental initiative had
taken in tribal areas.
He said that young tribesmen further more did not tolerate Frontier Crimes
Regulation (FCR) system and wanted to diminish the political agent empowerment
in tribal affairs.
Accompanied by Ijaz Afridi, president SM Khyber Agency and Javed Afridi, Shah
added that the Fata elected representatives status were nothing in law making
for tribesmen therefore Fata should be declare a separate province and bring it
under the control of supreme court.
He demanded of the government to announce local government election in tribal
belt and establish a university at agency level and a post graduate college at
tehsil level to eradicate the deprivation of tribal students. He further
demanded of the government to announce free scholarship for Fata students in all
prominence educational institutions of the country and allocate job quota for
unemployed tribal students in Fata Secretariat.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

SM FATA demands basic rights of tribesmen

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Peshawar


Shabab Milli (SM) Fata chapter have decided on Friday to form Fata Youth
Assembly (FYA) aimed at raising voice against the basic rights being deprived of
tribesmen.


"Elected parliamentarians and senators from Federally Administrated Tribal Areas
(FATA) are less bothered and even do not know the issues being faced by tribal
people therefore it is need of hour to constitute such platform which can change
the fate of backward areas and create awareness among the masses" said Shah
Jahan Afridi, President, SM, Fata in a press conference at press club.
The FYA, he said would be consist on 50 members and a member would be taken from
each tehsil of tribal belt. He vowed that FYA would expose those elements which
were involved in embezzlement of that funds which were receiving on behalf of
Fata, adding billions rupees funds received but no developmental initiative had
taken in tribal areas.
He said that young tribesmen further more did not tolerate Frontier Crimes
Regulation (FCR) system and wanted to diminish the political agent empowerment
in tribal affairs.
Accompanied by Ijaz Afridi, president SM Khyber Agency and Javed Afridi, Shah
added that the Fata elected representatives status were nothing in law making
for tribesmen therefore Fata should be declare a separate province and bring it
under the control of supreme court.
He demanded of the government to announce local government election in tribal
belt and establish a university at agency level and a post graduate college at
tehsil level to eradicate the deprivation of tribal students. He further
demanded of the government to announce free scholarship for Fata students in all
prominence educational institutions of the country and allocate job quota for
unemployed tribal students in Fata Secretariat.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

SM FATA demands basic rights of tribesmen

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Peshawar


Shabab Milli (SM) Fata chapter have decided on Friday to form Fata Youth
Assembly (FYA) aimed at raising voice against the basic rights being deprived of
tribesmen.


"Elected parliamentarians and senators from Federally Administrated Tribal Areas
(FATA) are less bothered and even do not know the issues being faced by tribal
people therefore it is need of hour to constitute such platform which can change
the fate of backward areas and create awareness among the masses" said Shah
Jahan Afridi, President, SM, Fata in a press conference at press club.
The FYA, he said would be consist on 50 members and a member would be taken from
each tehsil of tribal belt. He vowed that FYA would expose those elements which
were involved in embezzlement of that funds which were receiving on behalf of
Fata, adding billions rupees funds received but no developmental initiative had
taken in tribal areas.
He said that young tribesmen further more did not tolerate Frontier Crimes
Regulation (FCR) system and wanted to diminish the political agent empowerment
in tribal affairs.
Accompanied by Ijaz Afridi, president SM Khyber Agency and Javed Afridi, Shah
added that the Fata elected representatives status were nothing in law making
for tribesmen therefore Fata should be declare a separate province and bring it
under the control of supreme court.
He demanded of the government to announce local government election in tribal
belt and establish a university at agency level and a post graduate college at
tehsil level to eradicate the deprivation of tribal students. He further
demanded of the government to announce free scholarship for Fata students in all
prominence educational institutions of the country and allocate job quota for
unemployed tribal students in Fata Secretariat.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday

President's budget dramatically increases money to Indian country

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Mar. 11--WASHINGTON -- Dramatic spending increases in President Barack Obama's
first proposed budget extend to several Indian country programs in the areas of
health, law enforcement and education.

"The president's budget overview released in February 2009 provides a broad look
at the administration's priorities for the coming year," according to a fact
sheet released by the White House on proposed Native American-focused funding.

"Specific details for individual government departments and agencies will be
available with the full budget in April. But, already, key priorities for the
Native American community are starting to take shape."

One of Obama's top Indian country priorities involves increasing funding for the
perennially underfunded IHS; his budget allocates more than $4 billion.

The White House said the funding proposal for IHS is one of the largest
increases in 20 years.

And that may be just the beginning. According to the White House fact sheet,
"the budget begins a multiyear investment in the Indian health system to expand
care and develop prevention initiatives that will address persistent health
disparities."

The budget proposal is in addition to the funding for IHS already included in
the recently signed stimulus law, which provided $500 million for construction,
equipment and improvements at Indian health care centers.

In terms of law enforcement and education, the president's budget includes more
than $100 million in increased funding to the BIA. More funding is available
through the Departments of Justice and Education.

"These funds will strengthen tribal courts, detention centers and police
programs to help Native Americans protect their communities," stated the fact
sheet. "The president's budget also increases funding for tribal colleges and
scholarships and provides funding earlier in the academic year, giving the
colleges greater financial security."

Leaders with United Tribes Technical College in North Dakota have hailed the
proposal. They noted that the $4 million in the president's budget designated
for the tribal college is the first time in eight years that the institution has
been included in a presidential budget.

UTTC's overview is congruent with Obama's assessment that his budget will
reverse the "misplaced priorities" of the Bush administration.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090311-IC-PRESIDENT-BUDGET-20090311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today

                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Pakistan: SM FATA demands basic rights of tribesmen

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Peshawar


Peshawar, March 30 -- Shabab Milli (SM) Fata chapter have decided on Friday to
form Fata Youth Assembly (FYA) aimed at raising voice against the basic rights
being deprived of tribesmen.

"Elected parliamentarians and senators from Federally Administrated Tribal Areas
(FATA) are less bothered and even do not know the issues being faced by tribal
people therefore it is need of hour to constitute such platform which can change
the fate of backward areas and create awareness among the masses" said Shah
Jahan Afridi, President, SM, Fata in a press conference at press club.

The FYA, he said would be consist on 50 members and a member would be taken from
each tehsil of tribal belt. He vowed that FYA would expose those elements which
were involved in embezzlement of that funds which were receiving on behalf of
Fata, adding billions rupees funds received but no developmental initiative had
taken in tribal areas.

He said that young tribesmen further more did not tolerate Frontier Crimes
Regulation (FCR) system and wanted to diminish the political agent empowerment
in tribal affairs.

Accompanied by Ijaz Afridi, president SM Khyber Agency and Javed Afridi, Shah
added that the Fata elected representatives status were nothing in law making
for tribesmen therefore Fata should be declare a separate province and bring it
under the control of supreme court.

He demanded of the government to announce local government election in tribal
belt and establish a university at agency level and a post graduate college at
tehsil level to eradicate the deprivation of tribal students. He further
demanded of the government to announce free scholarship for Fata students in all
prominence educational institutions of the country and allocate job quota for
unemployed tribal students in Fata Secretariat

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

CPN granted $750,000 for suicide prevention

BYLINE: Sarah Terry-Cobo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 624  words


SHAWNEE - Glenna Stumblingbear-Riddle and her staff are working to address the
high demand for mental health services for young adult tribal citizens. The
psychologist and coordinator for Citizen Potawatomi Nation's behavioral health
department received a five-year, $750,000 grant from the U.S. government to fund
suicide prevention programs.

Stumblingbear-Riddle said she wants to reduce the stigma associated with mental
illness and encourage a community approach to address brain diseases. She
intends to reach 5,000 tribal citizens between the ages of 18 and 24.

"Our goal is to provide services to youth and young adults so they don't
eventually become our patients," she said. "We are trying to intervene early. "

The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration provided the
money as part of its Native Connections grant program. The initiative is meant
to address behavioral health needs of tribal youth.

Suicide was the second-leading cause of death for people between the ages of 15
to 34, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's 2013 data.
The suicide rate among American Indian and Alaska Native people in the same age
group is 1.5 times higher than the national average for that age group,
according to CDC figures.

Locally, the Citizen Potawatomi Nation's behavioral health providers recorded
8,400 office visits in the last fiscal year. Because the staff is so busy
treating patients, there weren't many resources for prevention efforts,
Stumblingbear-Riddle said.

She and her staff will spend the first grant year to develop a community needs
assessment with a committee that includes youth and elders.  The group will help
determine the most pressing needs. The second through fifth years she will
implement an evidence-based prevention program with a focus on trauma and
cultural sensitivity.

Stumblingbear-Riddle is a member of the Kiowa Tribe and said it is important to
incorporate a person's culture into suicide prevention programs.

"We know American Indians are very resilient," she said. "So if they are not
well-connected to their culture or their identity, they don't have access to
something that could be helpful. "

Stumblingbear-Riddle said her committee is examining tribal traditions that
promote healing, such as participating in a sweat lodge. She said she was
excited to provide programs to young adults because there's often a gap in
mental health services after a child turns 18.

"You're expected as an adult to have your life figured out, and our brains
aren't even fully developed," she said. "We want to help them with life skills,
planning for the future and getting them hooked up with services. "

Oklahoma Behavioral Health Association Executive Director Julia Jernigan said
the Citizen Potawatomi Nation is providing an invaluable service for young
tribal adults. In general, there's often a gap in mental health services for
young adults between the ages of 18 to 24.

Some who are dropping out of college may just need access to services to help
them address symptoms before those brain diseases become serious illnesses,
Jernigan said.

"Local governments understand the needs of their people and how the money needs
to be used," she said. "It is a positive measure, especially in our Native
American population, to say 'we are the ones to determine the best method and
the best route. '"

Stumblingbear-Riddle said she's thankful to see the Citizen Potawatomi Nation
increase its behavioral health department so she and her staff can better treat
patients and help the community.

"We're really tailoring the program to the needs of the people we serve," she
said.



Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support a Diverse Next Generation of
Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of
$8.4 million in competitive grants to support the work of partner organizations
that provide training, outreach and technical assistance for socially
disadvantaged, Tribal and Veteran farmers and ranchers.

USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501 Program, is administered by the
Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). "Diverse experiences, background and
education are vital to a healthy agricultural sector that continues to meet the
challenges of a changing world and the demands of markets at home and abroad,"
said Acting Deputy Agriculture Secretary Michael Scuse. "The 2501 Program is an
important part of how USDA partners with land-grant universities, Tribal
colleges, Tribes, nonprofits and other community-based organizations to grow the
next generation of agricultural innovators and entrepreneurs that keep American
agriculture the most productive anywhere." Since 2010, more than $74 million has
been invested through the 2501 Program to leverage the work of more than 300
local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded
assistance to include military veterans. Partner organizations provide a range
of services and technical assistance based on local needs. Last fall, for
example, 2501 funding was used to create the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center at Alcorn State University, in Lorman, Miss. The
Center will provide a national hub for analysis and development of policy
recommendations to improve engagement and promote the interests of socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Proposals for these competitive grants must
be received by July 29, 2016 at www.grants.gov. Details are available in the
June 27, 2016 Federal Register Notice or by contacting USDA, by mail at Office
of Advocacy and Outreach, Attn: Kenya Nicholas, Program Director, Whitten
Building, Room 520-A, Mail Stop 0601, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250, by phone: (202) 720-6350, Fax: (202) 720-7704, or email
OASDVFR2016@osec.usda.gov OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the
viability and profitability of small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve
access to USDA programs for historically underserved communities; increase
agricultural opportunities for farm workers; and close the professional
achievement gap by providing opportunities for diverse, talented young people to
support the agricultural industry in the 21st century. The 2501 program supports
USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) Initiative that coordinates the
Department's work to develop strong local and regional food systems. USDA is
committed to helping farmers, ranchers, and businesses access the growing market
for local and regional foods, which industry estimates valued at $12 billion in
2014.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, 2013

LENGTH: 747  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Proclamation 9031 of September 30, 2013
National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, 2013 Back to Top
A Proclamation

Since the passage of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) nearly 20 years ago,
our Nation's response to domestic violence has greatly improved. What was too
often seen as a private matter best hidden behind closed doors is now an
established issue of national concern. We have changed our laws, transformed our
culture, and improved support services for survivors. We have seen a significant
drop in domestic violence homicides and improved training for police,
prosecutors, and advocates. Yet we must do more to provide protection and
justice for survivors and to prevent violence from occurring. During National
Domestic Violence Awareness Month, we stand with domestic abuse survivors,
celebrate our Nation's progress in combatting these despicable crimes, and
resolve to carry on until domestic violence is no more.

Although we have made substantial progress in reducing domestic violence, one in
four women and one in seven men in the United States still suffer serious
physical violence at the hands of an intimate partner at least once during their
lifetimes. Every day, three women lose their lives in this country as a result
of domestic violence. Millions of Americans live in daily, silent fear within
their own homes.

My Administration remains devoted to halting this devastating violence. To lead
by example, last year I directed Federal agencies to develop policies to assist
victims of domestic violence in the Federal workforce. Earlier this year, Vice
President Biden announced new grants for initiatives that aim to reduce domestic
violence homicides across our country.

This past spring, I signed the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. The
Act provides law enforcement with better resources to investigate cases of rape,
gives colleges more tools to educate students about dating violence and sexual
assault, and empowers tribal courts to prosecute those who commit domestic
violence on tribal lands, regardless of whether the aggressor is a member of the
tribe. In addition, VAWA will continue to allow relief for immigrant victims of
domestic violence, and LGBT victims will receive care and assistance.

Thanks to the landmark Affordable Care Act, insurance companies will be
prohibited from denying coverage because of pre-existing conditions, and new
health plans must cover domestic violence screening and counseling with no
copayments or cost sharing. Millions will have the chance to sign up for
affordable care through the new Health Insurance Marketplace by visiting
www.HealthCare.gov beginning October 1.

Ending violence in the home is a national imperative that requires vigilance and
dedication from every sector of our society. We must continue to stand alongside
advocates, victim service providers, law enforcement, and our criminal justice
system as they hold offenders accountable and provide care and support to
survivors. But our efforts must extend beyond the criminal justice system to
include housing and economic advocacy for survivors. We must work with young
people to stop violence before it starts. We must also reach out to friends and
loved ones who have suffered from domestic violence, and we must tell them they
are not alone. I encourage victims, their loved ones, and concerned citizens to
learn more by calling the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE,
or by visiting www.TheHotline.org.

This October, let us honor National Domestic Violence Awareness Month by
promoting peace in our own families, homes, and communities. Let us renew our
commitment to end domestic violence--in every city, every town, and every corner
of America.

NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by
virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the
United States, do hereby proclaim October 2013 as National Domestic Violence
Awareness Month. I call on all Americans to speak out against domestic violence
and support local efforts to assist victims of these crimes in finding the help
and healing they need.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this thirtieth day of September,
in the year of our Lord two thousand thirteen, and of the Independence of the
United States of America the two hundred and thirty-eighth.
For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 17, 2012

College launches campaign to strengthen foundation

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 1361  words


For Turtle Mountain Community College, its history of just over 40 years of
existence has been filled with monumental milestones. Each milestone reached is
a testament to the work that many people have put into the development of the
college, ensuring that TMCC continues to evolve to meet the current needs of
students throughout the region. Recently, the school marked the official kickoff
of a different kind of initiative than the ones that have been in the news for
the last several months. This new initiative is to strengthen and contribute to
TMCC and the local community to ensure that higher education opportunities are
available to anyone who desires to take classes, obtain a degree, or a workforce
skills certificate.

Turtle Mountain Community College Foundation Director Deana DeFoe announced the
official launch of the Scholars & Scholarships Campaign on Monday, December 3,
2012. DeFoe. hired under a 12-month contract to establish the foundation, has
been assessing the needs of the students and the community, and initializing a
strategic plan that will create a strong base of operations for the foundation.

"I am honored and excited to have been invited to assist Turtle Mountain
Community College in establishing a foundation that will serve TMCC students,
faculty, staff, and the broader community,"' said DeFoe. "We are about
instigating community change through the high quality academic experiences
provided at TMCC. The mission at the foundation is to connect interested
individuals to the programs and services of TMCC. It's simple really; we believe
that by working together, we can improve lives. If we improve even one life,
that has the potential to ripple out and eventually improve all lives within the
community."

DeFoe has a great partner in alumni relations and data manager, Christina James,
who has been a great source of support for Defoe in shaping the foundation's
strategies, believing in the very same philosophy as DeFoe. That philosophy is
deeply-rooted in the fact that the foundation can greatly benefit the present
and future students through its vision of unity, empowerment and education for
all. James said one of her goals is to reach out to TMCC alumni and get them
involved through the Alumni Association and in the sharing of TMCC alumni and
student stories and experiences.

"TMCC alumni can be found throughout the United States," James pointed out.
"Unfortunately, over the past four decades, we've lost contact with many of
them. It's time we reconnect. The idea of involving alumni in the ongoing growth
and development of TMCC is very exciting."

DeFoe and James are seeking personal stories from al! TMCC alumni and are
compiling print and oral stories from former students, staff, faculty, and
community members. They believe that the collective story of TMCC is an
important one within the broader community and within the context of tribal
colleges overall. They believe it can best be understood by documenting the
thousands of personal stories from those who have been a part of TMCC's
development and growth.

The TMCC student needs, and funding challenges, are what initiated TMCC
President Dr. Jim Davis to put the idea of developing the foundation into full
motion.

"TMCC wants to take down any barrier to education that our students may have.
This entire initiative with our foundation is not only important for that goal,
but it's also critical to the college's overall future," stated Dr. Davis. "Last
year, there was over $300 billion in charitable donations given out. About 70
percent was from the private sector and our foundation has its own non-profit
status. We know we are an institution that can get a share in those donations if
we get our face and story out there. There are a handful of tribal colleges that
are already doing this and they are successful. There's no reason not to believe
that we can be just as successful, if not more."

According to Dr. Davis. TMCC Foundation has a major part to play in the path and
success of the future for the tribal college that has been a beacon of hope and
the provider of dreams for so many in this region.

The foundation has one central purpose, and that is to ensure that every
individual can attain the high-quality degrees and workforce credentials that
will enable and empower them to live a full and successful life. The foundation
staff believes that empowering individuals is the first step in creating vibrant
and resilient communities. DeFoe outlined the TMCC Foundation's mission and
goals last Monday as she helped in the campaign announcement to the media. The
four main goals are to:

* Invite and contribute private funds to support TMCCs programs, services and
activities, the majority of which are not adequately funded through traditional
public resources.

* Mobilize a broad base of volunteers to advance and support TMCC"s mission
throughout the Turtle Mountain region and beyond.

* Create relationships and communications that invite and open the space to
deeper conversation, collaboration and community engagement for all ages.

* Catalyze change by engaging across sectors to strengthen the fragmented
systems and services that support the local population. By engaging and uniting
all efforts, the Foundation will impact not only the prosperity of TMCC. but
also the Turtle Mountain region in its entirety.

In the offices of TMCC Foundation, on the second floor and next to the
President's office, stands a testament to this spirit of creating abundance,
generosity and unity: a Christmas tree adorned with works of art created by
local artists. As a part of the first-ever Scholars & Scholarships Campaign, the
foundation purchased over 200 works from local artists to give away to donors
making gifts to support TMCC students most in need.

"We created the Scholars & Scholarships Campaign to respond to the comprehensive
needs students are facing right now," said DeFoe. "For each donation received
between now and December 31.2012, a donor will receive a chance to win
handcrafted willow baskets, birch bark baskets, limited edition prints, pen and
ink drawings and more. There are many talented, amazing artists living on the
Turtle Mountain Reservation and we are thrilled to be able to provide a tiny bit
of support for them as well in the Scholars and

Scholarships Campaign."

"This campaign, and fundraising in general, is not about making a sales pitch,"
said DeFoe. "We aim to connect people and organizations with the mission of
Turtle Mountain Community College so that together we can collaborate on a
vision we all care about. We know for certain there is no way we can achieve our
goals alone.Community support is what will make this successful. That support
can come in a variety of ways -financial support is only one aspect of this.
We'll be asking for everyone's help in giving their time, talents, and as they
are able dollars to help the foundation achieve its vision of postsecondary
degree attainment for all."

DeFoe added that the foundation is actively seeking individuals for the TMCC
Foundation Board of Directors that will help guide the work and strategies
needed to make it successful. Although DeFoe acknowledges that the assistance of
scholarships and education grants have kept many students in college, the rising
cost of providing high quality higher education opportunities makes it harder
each year for local students to stay in college, and increasingly difficult for
TMCC to continue providing all the services the students need.

"TMCC students are facing significant challenges that are systemic in nature.
Turtle Mountain Community College's programs motivate students by pouring energy
into their minds and spirits, helping them raise their expectations of how they
envision their future and the future of those around them. This is really a
community thing." DeFoe concluded.

For more information on the TMCC Foundation and to share your story on how TMCC
has changed your life, contact Deana DeFoe or Christina James at (701) 477-7846.
Interested individualor potential donors can also find more information at
www.facebook.com/TMCC-Foundation or e-mail ddefoe@tm.edu or cjames@tm.edu
directly.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Turtle Mountain Star

                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Foundation completes $3M capital campaign

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 299 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


A Maine foundation that funds organizations working for social justice completed
a $3 million capital campaign at year's end, it announced recently.

Maine Initiatives, which is located in Augusta and makes three-year, $40,000
grants to grass-roots organizations, raised $3,009,000 in an effort that began
in 2003. Executive Director Deborah Felder said the campaign was book-ended by
two large gifts, one from an anonymous donor that added $300,000 on the first
day of the campaign, and the other a $750,000 pledge from the River Rock
Foundation late in 2006.

Maine Initiatives is one of the few public foundations in Maine that provides
general operating grants or that supports organizations dedicated to change, not
charity. Recent grantees include Equality Maine, which played a pivotal role in
upholding the Maine Human Rights Act two years ago; Four Directions Development
Corp., a tribal program making housing and business loans to American Indians;
and Maine Equal Justice Partners, an advocate for low-income issues ranging from
affordable health care to access to higher education.

Grantees also have won state government support for mercury waste cleanup on the
Penobscot River and policies prohibiting the state from purchasing
sweatshop-made clothing.

Maine Initiatives was created in 1993 by a small group of activists from around
the state. Known then as Bright Beginnings, the small group wanted to pool their
resources and make grants strategically rather than writing out checks
individually.

Felder said 325 individuals, foundations and corporations had invested in the
effort.

Revenue from the endowment will fund about 25 percent of the annual budget,
Felder said. The fund's core of annual supporters continues to grow, she said,
and this ongoing support is as necessary as ever.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News

                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Special incentives package for Fata doctors

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The federal government has planned a special incentives package for the doctors
posted in FATA to encourage them of serving patients in hospitals and basic
health units in backward tribal regions of the country. Under this incentives
package, each doctor posted in government hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU)
would be given an additional grant of Rs. 20,000 per month besides his own
monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by the Government, a senior official
of FATA Secretariat told media on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fata's hospitals
were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign countries prefer
hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Quetta instead
of FATA due to poor law and order situation and unattractive financial packages.
The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help motive
doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive financial
package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear about Rs.
140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.
Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators to Fata
hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients. The official
said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for provision of
interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI and
Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors. This would help save time of
doctors, paramedics and patients at large. The official said PC-I of the project
have been prepared and would be submitted to the competent forum for approval.
The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2. The
diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of Radiology and
Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the Government would
bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery. This pilot project
of the Federal Government would be launched simultaneously in all tribal
agencies and Frontier Regions. The patients would get full diagnostic and
treatment facilities free of costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have
been proposed for the first phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would
be gradually increased. Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs.
193.98 million has been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B,
he added. To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced
stipend to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in
cadet colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student
reading in cadet colleges located in Fata this year. The official said provision
of educational scholarship to students of North Waziristan Agency has been
resumed and all the pendency of the last year under this head cleared. He said
each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs. 5000 while Rs.
6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters, MPHIL and Ph.D
programs. These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract
students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

BRIEF: New parent center opens at Riverland

BYLINE: Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


April 22--Riverland students are getting a little help with children.

A new Riverland Parent Center opened Tuesday in partnership with the
Austin-based Parenting Resource Center to provide support services to college
-age pregnant and parent students. The center, located in Austin West, room
A239, will be staffed by trained parent educators from the Parenting Resource
Center and Riverland mentors Bruce Heiny, Juan Perales, and Andy Swank. The
center will be open from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday through Thursday, and from 3:30
to 6 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday through the end of the semester.

In October 2011, Riverland Community College was one of 10 colleges in Minnesota
to receive a Young Student-Parent Support Initiative grant. The grant helps
state, private, and tribal institutions of higher education start new
student-parent help centers. These centers are designed to address the needs of
college-age pregnant and parent students and increase access to and success to
postsecondary education.

The Parent Educators and Riverland Mentors can be reached at 507-396-0436 or by
email at parent.center@riverland.edu

___ (c)2012 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120422-1AU-BRF-New-parent-center-opens-at-Riverland-0422-20120422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2012 Austin Daily Herald

                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

Federal funding fuels progress at Turtle Mountain

BYLINE: Charly Haley, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2288 words


Nov. 02--BELCOURT, N.D. -- As Sam LaRocque drove his red pickup around the
pastures of his family's cattle ranch, he talked about life in seemingly the
only area of North Dakota where opportunity is hard to come by.

The Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation has the highest unemployment rate in
North Dakota, at about 69 percent, according to tribal officials. In contrast to
the rest of the state, which is thriving with less than 3 percent unemployment,
poverty is common at Turtle Mountain, in Rolette County, about 170 miles
northwest of Grand Forks near the Canadian border.

But Turtle Mountain is working to catch up with the rest of North Dakota.

More than $6 million in federal grants has been awarded to the Turtle Mountain
Band of Chippewa the past two years for economic development and other needs.
The tribe also recently has contracted with a manufacturing company to bring
more jobs, housing and revenue to the reservation, which is home to LaRocque and
about 18,000 of the tribe's 36,000 members.

Turtle Mountain Community College also has received significant federal grant
funds, and there are several other projects in the works, including an Oil Patch
casino.

"I just think we're moving forward," said tribal Chairman Richard McCloud. "It's
going to help a lot of people."

Creating jobs

Despite the problems at Turtle Mountain, 56-year-old LaRocque described a
peaceful life growing up on the reservation and starting his own family there.

His family's ranch is one of the few farms and ranches owned by members of the
tribe, he said. In addition to raising cattle, LaRocque and his wife both have
full-time jobs with the tribal government in Belcourt.

LaRocque maintains the ranch more out of tradition than out of necessity, he
said. "It kind of gets in your blood. You like having the animals," he said.
"Some years, it makes you next to nothing, but you keep it going."

The top employer in Belcourt, which is the government center of the reservation,
is the Turtle Mountain Community School System, employing about 470 people,
according to the city of Belcourt's website.

Other major employers are the tribal government, employing about 450 people, and
the Sky Dancer Hotel and Casino, employing 415 people.

Compared with other North Dakota reservations, Turtle Mountain's economy most
starkly contrasts with the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation, which is located in
the Oil Patch and is home of the Three Affiliated Tribes.

According to the 2012 U.S. census, New Town on the Fort Berthold reservation had
16 percent of its residents living below the poverty level, compared with 41
percent in Belcourt.

Comparable unemployment statistics for each entire reservation were not readily
available.

The Spirit Lake and Standing Rock Indian reservations appear closer to Turtle
Mountain economically, as the census shows cities on those reservations with
high poverty levels.

To boost Turtle Mountain's employment rate, the tribe recently reached a
two-year contract with a manufacturing company, U.S. Containers and Housing Inc.
The tribe hopes the business eventually could bring 2,000 jobs to the
reservation, McCloud said.

The company is restoring an old manufacturing facility in Belcourt with the goal
of bringing 300 new jobs to the reservation by next summer, McCloud said. If the
company is successful in creating 2,000 jobs, McCloud said he'll likely recruit
for additional workers in surrounding counties.

The manufacturing contract also should provide the reservation with much-needed
housing because the company will make module homes to be sold at Turtle Mountain
and throughout North Dakota, including on other reservations, McCloud said.

"We have such a housing shortage," he said. "We may have five families living in
one dwelling. I've had people tell me that their kids or grandkids live with
them, children that sleep in the tub, children sleep in the basement, because we
don't have enough housing."

Economic boost

LaRocque grew up on the reservation in a family of nine children. "When we grew
up, we were poor," he said.

Driving through the pasture, he stopped his pickup at the top of a hill. He said
he often likes driving up there for the view of Belcourt and the areas
surrounding it. "It's beautiful," he said.

Beyond LaRocque's cattle and horses, an old steam threshing machine sat in the
distance, and LaRocque recalled his parents buying a steam thresher for their
family farm when he was a child. He smiled as he recalled how he and his
siblings had thought the old-fashioned harvesting machine was brand-new
technology, unaware that farms with more money were able to afford combines for
harvesting grain.

LaRocque also pointed toward a small patch of trees where the town of Thorne
once stood outside of Belcourt. "It used to be kind of a hopping little town,"
he said.

But Thorne eventually dried up economically, LaRocque said. There wasn't a grain
elevator or railroad tracks running through the town, so "there was nothing to
sustain it," he said. Maybe just one family lives there now, LaRocque said.

While Belcourt is the only town on the Turtle Mountain reservation, the tribe's
members also make up a large portion of the population in surrounding Rolette
County towns, including Dunseith, Rolla and St. John.

Some federal grants awarded to the tribe also are being put toward programs
boosting the economy and quality of life in those surrounding towns, said
Daniell Breland, director of the tribe's Personal Responsibility Education
Program, known as the PREP program.

Grants have been awarded for many different needs, including public safety,
health services, education, suicide prevention and drug prevention, among
others. The tribe applies for these grants and must follow regulations to
maintain the grant funding, McCloud said.

U.S. Sens. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and John Hoeven, R-N.D., both have expressed
support for the federal funding awarded to Turtle Mountain.

"Anything that we can do to build up more economic development on our
reservations is critical," said Heitkamp, who recently visited the reservation
with Julian Castro, U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in regard
to the housing shortage.

Upcoming projects

In addition to applying for grants, another economic project McCloud is working
on is a casino planned on Turtle Mountain tribal land in Trenton, N.D. -- about
13 miles west of the oil boomtown of Williston. The idea came after multiple
attempts by Turtle Mountain officials to get federal and state government
permission for an off-reservation casino in Grand Forks.

"With revenue like that (from the casino), I can create more economic
development, provide more housing," McCloud said.

The tribe broke ground on the Trenton casino last week, and McCloud said he
expects construction to be complete in about 18 to 20 months. Because the casino
is on tribal land, the construction is regulated by Turtle Mountain's
government, he said.

The casino will have about 700 gaming machines, a 125-room hotel, conference
rooms, a gift shop, a buffet and other amenities, McCloud said.

Tribal officials also have their eyes on making Turtle Mountain a national
Promise Zone, part of a community and economic development initiative started by
President Barack Obama in 2013, McCloud said. That would make it easier for the
tribe to secure more federal grants for improvement, he said.

According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development website,
Promise Zones must be high-poverty urban, rural or tribal communities. The
heightened federal attention to these areas includes a federal liaison
designated to each community to assist local leaders in navigating federal
programs.

The first round of Promise Zones, designated in January of this year, included
urban neighborhoods in Philadelphia and Los Angeles, as well as the Choctaw
Nation reservation in southeast Oklahoma, according to HUD.

McCloud said he will submit a Promise Zone application in 2015.

Other problems

Another part of economic development at Turtle Mountain is combating other
problems, such as alcoholism and domestic violence, McCloud said.

"When someone has a home, someone has a job, they have more pride in themselves.
You'll see domestic abuse, alcohol abuse, drug abuse, you'll see all of that
going down."

The PREP program, for example, received more than $350,000 in federal grants the
past two years and aims to address those problems through weekly health classes
at schools in Belcourt and Dunseith, Breland said.

Teen pregnancy is particularly a major problem on the reservation, she said. In
Rolette County, there was a 17.5 percent teen pregnancy rate in 2012, according
to most recent Kids Count statistics.

"A lot of people are saying the education part needs to go through the parents,
but I believe it's too late for some of the parents," she said. "I believe if
you do want to make a change, it's got to start young."

JaNae Boswell, a teacher at Turtle Mountain Community High School in Belcourt,
said she has seen how the PREP program and other grant-funded education
initiatives have started to benefit students.

Turtle Mountain still has a 37 percent high school dropout rate, according to
Shelley Swenson, the tribe's grant writer.

But Boswell, 24, grew up in Belcourt and said the high school has changed
drastically from when she was a student there.

"They have a lot more for the high school students now that they didn't have
when I was here," she said. For example, there now are two community youth
centers in Belcourt where children can be involved in extracurricular
activities. "A lot of kids are focusing on their futures now instead of alcohol.
The students, they're turning their lives around I think."

Education

These problems are a reason LaRocque is grateful he grew up on his family's
ranch. Working on the ranch helped him and his brothers build responsibility, he
said, and it's the same for his sons. "It always gives you something to do," he
said.

LaRocque spoke proudly of his five sons, all in their 20s and one in his 30s,
pursuing education, including one who wants to study engineering.

To LaRocque and his wife, education is key, he said. "There's not a lot of
opportunity for a lot of things out here, so either you have to move out or get
something, get some education in some way," he said.

LaRocque's parents encouraged all of their children to pursue education, so he
went to University of Mary in Bismarck for his bachelor's degree and University
of South Dakota in Vermillion for his master's. Eight of the nine children in
LaRocque's family have a bachelor's degree and three have a master's, he said.

"Education was important to our parents. It's an avenue to a better life," he
said.

LeeAnn Lafromboise holds the same philosophy, which is why she sent her
20-year-old daughter to study at UND in Grand Forks.

"I just wanted her to get away," said Lafromboise, who has lived on the
reservation her entire life. "There's not a lot here."

Lafromboise works with unemployed people through her job at the Workforce
Investment Act office in Belcourt, and she said she sees a lot of people
struggling with the decision to leave their family, despite the many job
openings in other parts of North Dakota, away from Turtle Mountain.

"Native American people are really family-oriented," Lafromboise said. "Here,
the unemployment rate is high, but you have family here, too."

Returning home

Boswell agreed that it's important to leave the reservation for education --
which she also did for her bachelor's degree -- but she also said it's important
for people to come back to work on the reservation and help the tribe, like she
is doing as a high school teacher.

Comparing the class of students she graduated with to the students she teaches,
she said, "There are a lot more students now that will leave, but there are a
lot more of those students that will come back after they get those degrees."

She used herself and her friends LaRocque and his wife, Twila Jerome, as
examples of people who have returned home to the close-knit community after
leaving for college.

When LaRocque finished his drive through the pasture, he drove to his house
where Jerome and Boswell were chatting.

Jerome works as director of the tribal government's grant office, and she
reiterated the importance of the federal grants behind the improvements slowly
happening at Turtle Mountain.

"The economic impact of these grants is going to be substantial," she said.

LaRocque also believes the tribal government is laying a good groundwork for the
future.

"I think we're on the right track," he said. "That is our hope, and that is the
beginning for a better life for our kids and the next generation. We have to
have an economic system where after they get an education, they can come back
and get a job and afford a home."

Some federal grants received by Turtle Mountain tribe in 2013 and 2014:

-- $2.2 million from the U.S. Department of Justice for public safety
assistance.

-- $2.8 million from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services for
programs such as suicide prevention, sex education and health classes.

-- $950,000 from federal Indian Health Services for prevention of suicide,
diabetes and meth use.

-- $277,000 from the U.S. Department of the Interior for youth programs and
traffic safety.

-- $62,000 from the National Park Service for historical preservation

Source: Turtle Mountain tribal government

Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation:

-- Population: 18,000.

-- Tribe's total members: 36,000.

-- Unemployment rate: 69 percent.

-- High school dropout rate: 37 percent.

Source: Turtle Mountain tribal government

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141102-GF-Federal-funding-fuels-progress-at-Turtle-Mountain-1102-20141102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald

                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

NRI couple arrives from UK on charity drive to help tribal girls

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 217 words


AHMEDABAD: New Jersey residents, Kunal Modi and his wife Devanshi Gandhi have
set out on a road trip from the UK to India to raise $5,000 to help more than
100 tribal girls. The duo is being accompanied by their friend, Stephen Jen, a
New York-based software engineer. They've travelled from New Jersey to Ahmedabad
through 15 countries and are set to reach Mumbai next week. They've so far
covered over 10,000 miles in 85 days in their car. "We started from the US,
shipped our car to the UK and started our journey from there. We covered
Belgium, Germany, Latvia, Kazakhstan, Russia, China and Myanmarto reach India,"
said Modi who arrived in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. The initiative is part of a
project, Project Spark, under which the trio is raising awareness and funds for
Kedi School of tribal girls in Valsad. "Our cause is just akin to a marathon
where people run for a cause," said Modi. "The school provides relevant formal
education, boarding, meals, clothing and even medical care to these girls. They
also provide vocational training to tribal girls, which can prepare them to work
and live in their own villages," he added.Modi and Devanshi are also making
attempts to enrol the girls for a scholarship programme for their higher
education and betterment.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Special incentives package for Fata doctors

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The federal government has planned a special incentives package for the doctors
posted in FATA to encourage them of serving patients in hospitals and basic
health units in backward tribal regions of the country. Under this incentives
package, each doctor posted in government hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU)
would be given an additional grant of Rs. 20,000 per month besides his own
monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by the Government, a senior official
of FATA Secretariat told media on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fata's hospitals
were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign countries prefer
hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Quetta instead
of FATA due to poor law and order situation and unattractive financial packages.
The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help motive
doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive financial
package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear about Rs.
140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.
Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators to Fata
hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients. The official
said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for provision of
interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI and
Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors. This would help save time of
doctors, paramedics and patients at large. The official said PC-I of the project
have been prepared and would be submitted to the competent forum for approval.
The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2. The
diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of Radiology and
Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the Government would
bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery. This pilot project
of the Federal Government would be launched simultaneously in all tribal
agencies and Frontier Regions. The patients would get full diagnostic and
treatment facilities free of costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have
been proposed for the first phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would
be gradually increased. Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs.
193.98 million has been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B,
he added. To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced
stipend to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in
cadet colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student
reading in cadet colleges located in Fata this year. The official said provision
of educational scholarship to students of North Waziristan Agency has been
resumed and all the pendency of the last year under this head cleared. He said
each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs. 5000 while Rs.
6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters, MPHIL and Ph.D
programs. These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract
students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Special incentives package for Fata doctors

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, March 31 -- The federal government has planned a special incentives
package for the doctors posted in FATA to encourage them of serving patients in
hospitals and basic health units in backward tribal regions of the country.
Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in government hospitals and
Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs. 20,000 per
month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by the
Government, a senior official of FATA Secretariat told media on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fata's hospitals
were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign countries prefer
hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Quetta instead
of FATA due to poor law and order situation and unattractive financial packages.
The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help motive
doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive financial
package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear about Rs.
140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.
Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators to Fata
hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients. The official
said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for provision of
interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI and
Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors. This would help save time of
doctors, paramedics and patients at large. The official said PC-I of the project
have been prepared and would be submitted to the competent forum for approval.
The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2. The
diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of Radiology and
Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the Government would
bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery. This pilot project
of the Federal Government would be launched simultaneously in all tribal
agencies and Frontier Regions. The patients would get full diagnostic and
treatment facilities free of costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have
been proposed for the first phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would
be gradually increased. Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs.
193.98 million has been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B,
he added. To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced
stipend to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in
cadet colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student
reading in cadet colleges located in Fata this year. The official said provision
of educational scholarship to students of North Waziristan Agency has been
resumed and all the pendency of the last year under this head cleared. He said
each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs. 5000 while Rs.
6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters, MPHIL and Ph.D
programs. These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract
students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

End this tribalism and move on, Apprentice tough-talker declares;
EXCLUSIVE

BYLINE: ANNA MAGUIRE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 427 words


SHE is known for her straight talking in the boardroom.

But now former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford has blasted Northern Ireland's
politicians for not doing enough to move our "tribal" society forward.

Ms Mountford (below with Lord Sugar) described Northern Ireland's segregation as
"shocking", an ongoing divide which is costing the economy millions, during a
whistle-stop tour of an integrated school in Belfast.

"It seems to me ridiculous to keep children apart until 18. I see no merit in
it," Lord Sugar's Apprentice adviser, from Holywood, Co Down, said.

"I have been away from Northern Ireland since 1970 and there are still areas of
Belfast which are almost no-go areas for members of one part of the community or
another.

One cannot countenance that in a European society. It's shocking, actually,
shocking that it's still like that."

Speaking during a visit to north Belfast's Hazelwood Integrated College, she
said: "When universities and businesses are integrated, why do we keep children
apart until 18? "It's tribal. It should be a thing of the past. We should have
moved on; we need to move on."

She said the onus falls on the Executive which, despite its emphasis on shared
education in the Programme for Government, is not working hard enough to promote
integration.

"I get the feeling not enough is being done to promote integrated education,"
she told the Belfast Telegraph.

"It seems to be harder to start an integrated school than it is to expand a
non-integrated school in terms of Government funding."

Hazelwood received a £150,000 grant from integrated education bodies to
establish a 18-classroom mobile unit in August.

But the facility - a centre for maths, ICT, the sciences and careers - was
padlocked shut by Belfast Education and Library Board at the start of the
academic year in a dispute over the lease for the land.

The school has been forging relationships with businesses to introduce pupils to
the world of work - an initiative which brought Ms Mountford to Belfast.

The Department of Education has said it takes seriously its statutory duty to
facilitate and encourage the development of integrated education.

what she said ? "We know that integration is fundamental to society. It seems to
me ridiculous to keep children apart until 18... when universities and
businesses are integrated.

I see no merit in it."

? "I have been away from Northern Ireland since 1970 and there are still areas
of Belfast which are almost no-go areas for members of one part of the community
or another. One cannot countenance that in a European society."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Margaret Mountford (second right) with Baroness May Blood and Hazelwood
Integrated College head girl Courtney Laight and head boy Stephen Mackessy
MT HURSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2013 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: Army a major stakeholder in Fata development sector

LENGTH: 730 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Aug. 9 -- Army has become a permanent stakeholder in the Federally
Administered Tribal Areas' development sector as its recommended development
projects are executed every year with Fata's development funds, according to
official sources.

Development projects worth millions of rupees are executed every year in Fata on
the recommendations of military authorities posted in Fata, officials told media
on Tuesday.

"Army officers concerned frequently visit the Governor House and Fata
Secretariat to get their proposed community uplift projects for various tribal
areas covered under the Fata ADP," a knowledgeable official said.

A good number of small development projects, including reconstruction of roads,
water supply schemes, sewerage and other community welfare schemes, are provided
funding on the recommendation of the military authorities, the sources said.

Apart from small schemes the army has also got ADP funding for some major
initiatives, including establishment of a couple of technical institutes and
rehabilitation centres for militants in Fata. These projects, said an official,
involved millions of rupees investment which the army got from Fata's regular
ADP.

However, such development projects, said the official, had been a pain in the
neck for civilian authorities because they caused fiscal complications, and
distortions in the ADP. Many a scheme, according to the officials, are
channelised through the Governor House from where Fata Secretariat is instructed
to provide funds for the army's recommended schemes.

"When they say provide funds for the 40 Division's projects, no one can
deviate," said an official, adding these projects were launched as 'non-ADP'
schemes and executed by providing fund from the regular ADP resources.

Officials said that in principle there should be no non-ADP projects. These
schemes, they added, left serious implications for the regular ADP as changes
had to be made in the ADP funding plan, diverting money from regular development
projects to non-ADP schemes.

An official explained that non-ADP projects launched in financial year 2011-12
were executed by diverting funds from the ADP for that year. However, those
schemes were reflected in the next financial year's ADP as ongoing activities,
bringing them under the ambit of development programme.

In one such instance, the establishment of Cadet College at Wana, South
Waziristan, had been carried out at a cost of Rs185 million. The money was
extended as 'grant-in-aid' to Headquarter 9 division on the governor's
directives. The project spent almost 100 per cent of the approved funding by
June 30, 2012, and a fraction of the approved funding would be provided under
the new financial year's ADP.

Similarly, according to a source, in another instance a Rs145 million 'grant
-in-aid' has been given to headquarter 40 division for establishing a Cadet
College at Sararogha, South Waziristan.

In this case, too, a substantial amount of the approved funding was spent by
June 30, 2012, and the remaining sum would be provided under the current
financial year's ADP, said an official.

Officials said that provision of funds to the army's projects had been causing
dismay among the elected representatives from Fata. Since money is provided from
the regular ADP this usually leads to negatively affect the elected
representatives' development projects in their constituencies.

"Fata members of the National Assembly and Senate complain that they use their
political influence to get funds released from the federal government for
development works in their areas, but at the end a substantial amount of those
funds are spent on development activities run by army," said an official.

Army's involvement in the development sector has also not being taken well by
the civilian authorities. Officials said that projects proposed by the military
authorities were planned without taking input from the official planners of the
federal government.

Since money has to be provided from the ADP funds, it causes alterations under
the federal government's development strategy for Fata, thinning out the
development funds among hundreds of development projects executed under the ADP
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Research Grants for Preventing Violence and Violence Related Injury (R01)

LENGTH: 658  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:






    Grants Notice



    Funding Opportunity Number:

    RFA-CE-17-003



    Funding Opportunity Title:



    Research Grants for Preventing Violence and Violence Related Injury (R01)



    Opportunity Category:

    Discretionary



    Opportunity Category Explanation:





    Funding Instrument Type:

    Grant



    Category of Funding Activity:

    Health



    Category Explanation:





    Expected Number of Awards:

    3



    CFDA Number(s):

    93.136 -- Injury Prevention and Control Research and State and Community
Based Programs



    Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:

    No














         Version:

         Synopsis 1



         Posted Date:

         Dec 09, 2016



         Last Updated Date:

         Dec 09, 2016



         Original Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 10, 2017  Electronically submitted applications must be submitted
no later than 5:00 p.m., ET, on the listed application due date.



         Current Closing Date for Applications:

         Mar 10, 2017  Electronically submitted applications must be submitted
no later than 5:00 p.m., ET, on the listed application due date.



         Archive Date:

         Apr 09, 2017



         Estimated Total Program Funding:

         $3,150,000



         Award Ceiling:

         $350,000



         Award Floor:

         $0









 Eligibility





      Eligible Applicants:

      County governments

      Private institutions of higher education

      Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

      City or township governments

      Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

      State governments

      Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized
tribal governments)

      Special district governments

      Independent school districts

      Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education

      For profit organizations other than small businesses

      Small businesses

      Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

      Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities



      Additional Information on Eligibility:

      NONE






 Additional Information





      Agency Name:

      Centers for Disease Control and Prevention - ERA



      Description:

      The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Center for
Injury Prevention and Control (NCIPC) is soliciting investigator-initiated
research that will help expand and advance our understanding about what works to
prevent violence by rigorously evaluating primary prevention strategies,
programs, and policies to address specific gaps in the prevention of teen dating
violence, intimate partner violence, sexual violence, and youth violence. This
initiative is intended to support primary prevention strategies, programs or
policies that target universal or selected high-risk populations (i.e.,
populations that have one or more risk factors that place them at heightened
risk for initial perpetration of violence).



      Link to Additional Information:





      Grantor Contact Information:

      If you have difficulty accessing the full announcement electronically,
please contact:



      Marcienne Wright lxv8@cdc.gov



      Grants Policy






   In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com






LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday

Grant aims to build 'wisdom'

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 223 words


FORT YATES - In the spring of 2007, The American Indian College Fund, based in
Denver, announced a $17.5 million, historic grant initiative from the Lilly
Endowment Inc.

The program, named Woksape Oyate, Lakota for "Wisdom of the People," aims to
build the intellectual capital at many of the federally recognized tribal
colleges.

In November 2007, Sitting Bull College was awarded $700,000 of the $17.5 million
Lily Endowment and has used the initial funding to establish a 7th Generation
Academic Excellence Center in hopes of enhancing the intellectual capital of its
students and future leaders on the Standing Rock Reservation.

Sitting Bull College received its first installment in November 2007, with four
additional payments of $140,000 each scheduled over the next four years.

The center is focused on developing students' writing, reading and oral
communication skills and also will collaborate with key community stakeholders
to successfully impact the education system on and near the Standing Rock
Reservation.

As part of the program, the Center will offer a writing lab for community
members, a student writing-speech club and professional development workshops
for faculty and staff.

Crispin Maslog is the newly hired director of The 7th Generation Excellence
Center and can be reached at 701-854-8040 or by e-mail at crism@sbci.edu.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

OSU Center for Sovereign Nations approved

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 251  words


STILLWATER - The OSU/A&M Board of Regents approved the creation of the Oklahoma
State University Center for Sovereign Nation Engagement and Partnerships.

The center was made possible with a gift from the Chickasaw Nation.

The center will report to the Office of the Provost and is expected to be a
place of connection and relationship building among sovereign nation partners,
students and faculty.

"As a land-grant institution, Oklahoma State University has an important role to
play in creating initiatives to increase engagement and educational
opportunities with members of all sovereign nations," said Gary Sandefur, OSU
provost and senior vice president. "We hope this center will not only strengthen
relationships between the university and sovereign tribal nations, but will also
increase the number of American Indian graduates from OSU. "

The board also approved Elizabeth Mee Payne to serve as the director.

Payne teaches American Indian entrepreneurship and serves as the Riata Fellow
for American Indian Entrepreneurship. She will leave her position as strategic
relationship manager in the Spears School of Business to assume the role as
director of the multidisciplinary center.

While the Chickasaw Nation is the first sovereign tribal nation to partner with
the university in this endeavor, it is expected additional tribal nations will
join as future partners.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Higher education Opportunities programme gets underway in FATA

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 152

LENGTH: 636  words


Under the administrative support of the Directorate of Education FATA, the
Higher Education Commission (HEC) has launched the third phase of its higher
education scholarship program for prospective undergraduate and postgraduate
students representing the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in an effort to
provide them with the opportunities at par with the rest of the country.

According to press release issued here on Wednesday, this progressive initiative
is a part of the Federal Government sponsored "Provision of Higher Education
Opportunities for Students of Balochistan and FATA" project envisaged to provide
financial assistance to 1300 undergraduate and 700 postgraduate students over a
period of 07 years in some of the leading national institutions. Similarly the
project also integrates 10 PhD journalists belonging to FATA in international
universities.

In an official communication by the Directorate of Information FATA here
Wednesday, it was reported that arrangements have been made to conduct a
"Foundation Course" at Peshawar for FATA students aspiring to take undergraduate
studies at some of the top-notch national institutions. This 04 to 06 weeks
crash course is aimed at enhancing the analytical, writing and comprehension
skills of these students in Mathematics, English, Pakistan Affairs and Islamic
Studies in order to prepare them to compete in the selection test for the award
of scholarships, which will be advertised later. All the expenses of the
Foundation Course will be borne by the HEC in addition to provision of Rs. 5,000
to each participant as stipend.

An official from the Directorate of Information FATA said that the scholarship
awards will be initially valid for one semester (04 months) to a maximum total
duration of 04 years in case of undergraduate and 02 years for postgraduate
taught programs, subject to satisfactory performance of the scholars.

While the tuition fees will be paid directly to the partner institutions, other
allowances such as stipend, stationary and travelling will be payable to the
scholars on quarterly basis. "90 percent scholarships will be awarded to those
students who have passed their higher secondary examinations from schools
situated within the Tribal Areas, falling under the FATA In category, whereas,
the remaining ten percent seats have been reserved for FATA Out applicants", he
added.

The scholarships will be given purely on merit in a transparent manner for which
a competitive testing mechanism is already in place. "FATA has no dearth of
talented and hardworking youth. Given the opportunities, they can rise to the
highest ranks in academic and intellectual pursuits. That is the reason why, our
Government has attached immense importance to the successful and impartial
application of the project deliverables", the official from the Directorate of
Information affirmed. Application forms, sample question papers and essential
details can be accessed and downloaded from the HEC's official website.

It was also learnt that for the 04 years undergraduate program, each scholar
will be entitled to a tuition grant of Rs. 20,000 per semester in addition to
monthly living allowance of Rs. 5,000 and annual grants of Rs. 3,000 and Rs.
2,000 for stationary and travelling respectively. Moreover, one time settlement
allowance of Rs. 8,000 will also be paid to each student enrolled under the
undergraduate scholarship program. As far as the postgraduate taught program is
concerned, Rs. 30,000 per semester per scholar will be paid in addition to Rs.
6,000 per month as living allowance, Rs. 5,000 for stationary requirements and
Rs. 2,000 to cover for travelling expenses. One time funding of Rs. 10,000 and
Rs. 5,000 will also be given to these postgraduate scholars on account of
settlement and thesis charges respectively.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Meetings of Humanities Panel Pages 11063 - 11064 [FR DOC #
2017-03191]

LENGTH: 1163  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES Meetings of Humanities Panel
AGENCY: National Endowment for the Humanities. ACTION: Notice of meetings.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The National Endowment for the Humanities will hold twenty- four meetings of the
Humanities Panel, a federal advisory committee, during March, 2017. The purpose
of the meetings is for panel review, discussion, evaluation, and recommendation
of applications for financial assistance under the National Foundation on the
Arts and Humanities Act of 1965. DATES: See SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section
for meeting dates.

The meetings will open at 8:30 a.m. and will adjourn by 5:00 p.m. on the dates
specified below. ADDRESSES: The meetings will be held at Constitution Center at
400 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20506, unless otherwise indicated. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer,
400 7th Street SW., Room 4060, Washington, DC 20506; (202) 606-8322;
evoyatzis@neh.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the
Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), notice is hereby given of the
following meetings: 1. Date: March 7, 2017. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects of Philosophy and Religion for the Scholarly
Editions and Translations grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs. 2. Date: March 7, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications for the
Humanities Initiatives at Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the
Division of Education Programs. 3. Date: March 8, 2017. This meeting will
discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Community Colleges grant
program, submitted to the Division of Education Programs. 4. Date: March 8,
2017. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of American History
for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted to the
Division of Research Programs. 5. Date: March 9, 2017. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects of World History and Literature for the Scholarly
Editions and Translations grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs. 6. Date: March 9, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications for the
Humanities Initiatives at Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the
Division of Education Programs. 7. Date: March 13, 2017. This meeting will
discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at Community Colleges grant
program, submitted to the Division of Education Programs. 8. Date: March 14,
2017. This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of World History
and Literature for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program,
submitted to the Division of Research Programs. 9. Date: March 15, 2017. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subject of the Arts for the
Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs. 10. Date: March 16, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications on
the subjects of World History and Literature for the Collaborative Research
grant program, submitted to the Division of Research Programs. 11. Date: March
21, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Philosophy
for the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of
Research Programs. 12. Date: March 21, 2017. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects History and Culture for Media Projects: Development
Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 13. Date: March 22, 2017.
This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Native American History
for the Public Humanities Projects--Exhibitions grant program (planning grants),
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 14. Date: March 22, 2017. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of American and British
Literature for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted
to the Division of Research Programs. 15. Date: March 23, 2017. This meeting
will discuss applications on the subject of Art History for the Public
Humanities Projects--Exhibitions grant program (implementation grants),
submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 16. Date: March 23, 2017. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Old World Archaeology for
the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs. 17. Date: March 24, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications on
the subject of African American History for the Public Humanities
Projects--Exhibitions grant program (planning grants), submitted to the Division
of Public Programs. 18. Date: March 27, 2017. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subject of U.S. History for the Public Humanities
Projects--Exhibitions grant program (implementation grants), submitted to the
Division of Public Programs. 19. Date: March 28, 2017. This meeting will discuss
applications on the subjects of International History and Culture for Media
Projects: Development Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. 20.
Date: March 28, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of
New World and Asian Archaeology for the Collaborative Research grant program,
submitted to the Division of Research Programs. 21. Date: March 28, 2017. This
meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Tribal Collections for the
Sustaining Cultural Heritage Collections grant program, submitted to the
Division of Preservation and Access. 22. Date: March 29, 2017. This meeting will
discuss applications on the subjects of History and Social Science for the
Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs. 23. Date: March 30, 2017. This meeting will discuss applications on
the subjects of Museums, Historic Houses, and Material Culture for the
Sustaining Cultural Heritage Collections grant program, submitted to the
Division of Preservation and Access. 24. Date: March 30, 2017. This meeting will
discuss applications on the subject of History for Media Projects: Development
Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs. Because these meetings
will include review of personal and/or proprietary financial and commercial
information given in confidence to the agency by grant applicants, the meetings
will be closed to the public pursuant to sections 552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6) of
Title 5, U.S.C., as amended. I have made this determination pursuant to the
authority [[Page 11064]] granted me by the Chairman's Delegation of Authority to
Close Advisory Committee Meetings dated April 15, 2016. Dated: February 13,
2017. Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer. [FR Doc. 2017-03191
Filed 2-16-17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 7536-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Oklahoma Earth Day Briefs: April 22, 2010

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1174  words


Festival of the Arts begins green initiative

The Arts Council of Oklahoma City has embarked on a five-year plan to go green
at the annual Festival of the Arts, including promoting recycling by festival
visitors, green educational efforts and green art.

In 2009, the Go Green Committee, led by chairperson Cheryl Vaught, proposed a
five-year plan to go green at the six-day festival, which attracts nearly
750,000 people each year. The plan, which was originally designed by committee
member Randy Alvarado, included steps to encourage recycling and clean
transportation, educate the public on green consumption and practices, and use
eco-friendly cleaners, biodegradable products and Oklahoma-made products, which
reduce energy waste.

Although 2009 was the pilot year for the Go Green Initiative, the 10-member
committee implemented 25 percent of its environmental goals and the Arts Council
of Oklahoma City received a Keep Oklahoma Beautiful Environmental Award of
Excellence for its pilot-year efforts.

This year, the Festival of the Arts has more recycling bins for festival patrons
and more biodegradable products and Oklahoma-made products.

The green initiative encourages ride sharing and the use of public
transportation to travel to the festival. The Arts Council of Oklahoma City is
working with GetAroundOk.com to facilitate ride-sharing efforts with patrons and
volunteers.

The Go Green Committee plans to implement more eco-friendly steps at future
Festivals of the Arts that will result in a low or possibly zero-waste event.

This year the Festival of the Arts includes Rethink Recycle Redesign, a juried
art exhibition and sale that seeks to promote and encourage green design and
sustainability. The exhibition will be featured at the new Six-Day Cellars wine
venue, located in Stage Center's Arena Theatre during the Festival of the Arts.
All work will be available for purchase.

The festival also includes the second-annual green fashion show - the Trashion
Fashion Show - at 1 p.m. Friday at the Cafe Stage.

Students created new fashions using discarded products such as plastic bags,
newspapers and cans. The high-fashion, green pieces will be shown off and judged
in categories including Most Outlandish and Most Creative Use of Materials.

Delaware Nation awarded transit system grant

The Federal Transit Administration has awarded the Delaware Nation an $188,270
Tribal Transit Program Grant to finance a tribal transit system including a
natural gas-fueled bus and a depot.

The transit system is expected to result in improved energy management, cost
savings and fossil fuel conservation while providing job opportunities in the
green, energy-efficient technology manufacturing and service business.

The Delaware Nation worked with the Wind Hollow Foundation and Hope Technology
to create the Going Green Initiative with a goal of environmental stewardship.
Theda McPheron-Keel with Wind Hollow Foundation wrote the grant request for the
Delaware Nation.

All operational materials and fuel will be purchased from Anadarko-area
businesses and natural gas suppliers.

The new transit system will support the Delaware Nation Going Green Initiative.

OSU invited to EPA P3 competition

Two teams of students in the Design, Housing and Merchandising Department of the
College of Human Environmental Sciences at Oklahoma State University and their
faculty advisers will participate in the Environmental Protection Agency's P3 -
People, Prosperity, and the Planet - competition in Washington, D.C., on
Saturday and Sunday.

After receiving an initial grant of $10,000 to develop projects in Phase I, the
two OSU teams will attend the National Sustainable Design Expo on the National
Mall this weekend to compete for Phase II funding - an additional $75,000 to
bring their ideas to the marketplace.

"Over 85 undergraduate and six graduate students enrolled at OSU, representing
five different courses participated in some aspect of the study," said Paulette
Hebert, a design, housing and merchandising professor at OSU. "They participated
in the pre-tests and post-test surveys, participated in field study of three
lighting treatments, and helped to set up the lighting treatment installations
at the Pawnee Bill Mansion and the OSU president's house. "

The students constructed prototypes that will be exhibited in the Design,
Housing and Merchandising gallery and at the National Sustainability Expo in
Washington.

"Each student has designed a fixture employing LEDs (light-emitting diodes) that
an individual can use for reading," said Ted Drab, a professor.

The first team's project is "Lighting for Reading: Designing an LED Luminaire
for Homes and Offices. " The second project is "Overcoming Consumers' Barriers
to the Adoption of Sustainable Lighting: Considering CFLs and LEDs Across the
Life Course. "

The OSU teams will compete against 40 other groups at the National Sustainable
Design Expo.

OSU starts paper recycling campaign at Tulsa campuses

Oklahoma State University's Tulsa campuses will start a paper recycling campaign
Thursday - Earth Day.

"Recycling is the next major goal in our commitment to sustainability," said
Howard Barnett, president of OSU-Tulsa and the OSU Center for Health Sciences.
"We've made a lot of progress with our energy conservation efforts and now we're
taking the next important step. With this new program, everyone on OSU's Tulsa
campuses can do their part to help us drastically reduce the amount of paper we
send to area landfills. "

The paper recycling program is the second phase of OSU's conservation efforts.
In 2007, OSU launched an energy conservation program including analyzing and
auditing the campuses for energy-saving opportunities.

Barnett said OSU-Tulsa has saved $393,190 in energy costs from January 2008 to
January 2010. OSU-CHS recorded savings of $361,773.

UCO receives Green Power Partnership Award

The Environmental Protection Agency has selected the University of Central
Oklahoma as the 2009-2010 Individual Conference Champion for using more green
power than any other school in the Lone Star Conference.

The university purchased 26 million kilowatt-hours of green power. It buys a
utility green power product from Edmond Electric.

"The University of Central Oklahoma is leading the way in showing other colleges
and universities how green power can protect the environment," said EPA Regional
Administrator Al Armendariz. "Taking action on climate change and improving air
quality are two of our highest priorities. By using renewable power sources, we
can change the way we generate electricity and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
"

OCU to screen water conservation film

Oklahoma City University will present a screening of the film Tapped at 7 p.m.
Friday in honor of Earth Week.

The screening is free to the public and will be in the Kerr-McGee Auditorium in
the Meinders School of Business.

Tapped explores the business of bottled water to see what effect the industry
has had on the environment. The documentary is from the same producers who made
Who Killed the Electric Car and I.O.U.S.A.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 24, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Baldacci says he'll veto tribal slots referendum;
Governor vows not to oppose citizen initiative

BYLINE: JEFF TUTTLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 565 words


Gambling opponents won a major victory Thursday with Gov. John Baldacci's
announcement he would veto a plan for a statewide referendum on a tribal
racetrack casino in Down East Maine.

"Without hard data supporting the claims being set forth by the gambling
industry, I cannot, in good conscience, sign this bill," Baldacci said in a
written statement released late Thursday afternoon.

Tribal leaders quickly blasted the governor, who they said was being unduly
influenced by wealthy opponents of the plan from southern Maine.

"We recognize we don't have a friend in John Baldacci. That's abundantly clear
now," said Passamaquoddy Tribal Rep. Fred Moore, who repeated his intention to
pursue a citizen-initiated referendum in November 2006.

"He vetoed it because he didn't want to be overridden by the people," Moore
said, contending his plan, which won widespread backing in the Legislature, had
similar public support. "We'll put it on the ballot right next to his name and
see what happens."

Moore's bill, LD 1690, would have allowed a statewide vote in November 2005 on
whether to place as many as 1,500 slot machines at a new harness racing track on
or near the Passamaquoddy reservations near Calais and Eastport.

The Passamaquoddy Tribe would run the horse track, and its proceeds would be
distributed to Maine Indian tribes, county development programs and funds
benefiting the harness racing industry and college scholarships.

Two weeks ago, Baldacci vetoed an almost identical plan, LD 1573, without the
referendum requirement, saying casino-style gambling, despite its allure, would
not bring much-needed economic development to Washington County. The House of
Representatives later sustained the veto.

The slots plan was revived, however, after Baldacci indicated he would support a
statewide referendum on the issue if the idea could win a two-thirds vote in
both the House and Senate.

While the House narrowly met the threshold, the Senate did not, falling one vote
- or, more precisely, one percentage point - short of the two-thirds majority in
its 21-11 vote.

In his statement Thursday, Baldacci cited the Senate vote as a factor in his
decision and noted that supporters of the plan could bring it to the ballot
themselves through the citizen initiative process.

"I will not stand in the way of any future effort that places the issue of
expansion of casino gambling before the voters," Baldacci said.

Although announcing his intention to veto the bill, technically Baldacci will
return the bill to the Legislature when it reconvenes, possibly sometime next
month. Lawmakers could then opt to override the veto with the support of
two-thirds of voting members in both chambers.

Moore's bill is based on existing law allowing as many as 1,500 slot machines at
Bangor Raceway, the only site eligible to host the state's newest form of
gambling. Maine voters in a 2003 referendum favored allowing slots at harness
racing tracks as long as local voters approved.

Opponents of the Passamaquoddy plan, which would double the number of slots in
Maine, were pleased with Baldacci's veto but braced for future efforts to expand
gambling in the state.

"There's so much money behind efforts to open up casino-style gambling to new
territory, and Maine is new territory," said Valerie Landry, spokeswoman for the
Portland based CasinosNO! "We will be here for the next effort and the one after
that."

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News

                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday

Eight compete for ambassador spot

BYLINE: TINA DESCHENIE Special to the Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 448 words


Eight students attending the American Indian Higher Education Consortium
conference this week in Bismarck are running for the student ambassador
positions of Mr. and Ms. AIHEC.

Steven Raining Bird, 24, Chippewa Cree, originally of Rocky Boy, Mont., and now
a student at United Tribes Technical College, is a candidate for Mr. AIHEC.

Belief in his culture, his spirituality and staying drug and alcohol free for
the past four years are the qualities Raining Bird said have been guiding his
life.

"When you're not drinking or doing drugs, you don't stress out," Raining Bird
said. "You can keep going, like at Sun Dance, when it gets tougher by the day,
but you keep sticking to it, anyway."

Raining Bird said tribal college students face challenges, such as having little
money to survive on, depending on food stamps, not always having access to
housing, and lacking transportation.

"You have to be self-motivated to get to school every day when you face
challenges," he said.

At UTTC, Raining Bird serves as parliamentarian for the student Senate and also
assists with the sweat lodges held on campus by taking responsibility for
gathering firewood and tending to the stones.

He is studying construction technology and expects to complete his studies in
May 2008. He has a job lined up for the summer in Bismarck following graduation.
Raining Bird and his companion are parents to a 4-year-old son.

Others interested in the ambassador positions are Craig Graveratte, Kathleen
Hart, Jessica Heminger, Kara L. Runs After, Simione Seminole, Allison Steinmeyer
and Allison Two Bears.

The winners will be named at the AIHEC awards ceremony Thursday, and will serve
as ambassadors for the 2008-09 school year. The winners will receive a $1,000
scholarship, a jacket and a plaque.

Graveratte, 37, is from Saginaw Chippewa College in Mount Pleasant, Mich., The
father of three sons - ages 1, 3, and 5. He is studying business in a two-year
program and hopes to continue in environmental studies at a university after
graduation from the tribal college.

At the AIHEC conference, he also is a contestant in the science and business
bowl categories. He will be honored this week by the American Indian College
Fund as 2008 Student of the Year for Saginaw Chippewa College.

Hart, 48, is president of the Saginaw Chippewa College student council and vice
president of the American Indian Business Leaders. She is near attaining an
associate's degree in business administration and hopes to earn bachelor and
master's degrees.

"I want to help my tribe to look after mother Earth with environmentally
friendly initiatives," she said.

(Tina Deschenie, Dine/Hopi, has been editor of the Tribal College Journal since
2006.)

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Corning prequalified for police grant

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Oct. 01--Corning has been awarded a $150,000 criminal justice grant, with the
strong possiblity of receiving $849,320 more.

The Office of Justice Programs approved the City's Everett Freeman Initiative
application for funding under the 2013 Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation
Program.

The grant will be used to fund a 15-month project planning and study period. At
the conclusion of the planning phase, the city must revise and resubmit the
project proposal for a thorough review.

If the city passes the Bureau of Justice Assistance review and receives its
approval, it can then advance to the implementation stage of the grant and
access the remainder of $999,320 grant to be used over a 36-month project
period.

"We were one of only 10 awarded the grant nationwide, and we were the smallest
community to awarded the grant," Police Chief Don Atkins said.

City Councilman Tony Cardenas, who is overseeing the process on the city's
behalf in conjunction the Corning Police Department, said the study and planning
phase will include initial data analysis, problem assessment, and identification
of evidence-based practices by research partner the Center for Evaluation and
Research, in addition to other planning activities.

"Grant resources are to enhance the capacity of our community to effectively
target and address significant crime issues through a collaborative cross sector
approach," Cardenas said.

The grant is part of the ongoing efforts of the Everett Freeman Promise
Neighborhood Initiative, a joint partnership of the Paskenta Band of Nomlaki
Indians, the City of Corning, Center for Evaluation and Research, LLC., Corning
Union Elementary School District, Corning Union High School District, Seed
Ministries, Shasta College, the Tehama County Department of Education, Tehama
County Health Services Agency and Tehama County Probation Department.

In addition to this most recent grant, in January local schools received a
$500,000 Everett Freeman Promise Neighborhood Initiative Planning Grant, with
the opportunity to receive more funding.

The grant is geared toward one year of planning, fact finding and eventually
submitting an application for the grant.

If successful, the implementation grant would bring about $6 million a year for
five years to be used by schools within a three-mile radius of tribal land,
Cardenas said.

___ (c)2013 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.corning-observer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131001-YF-Corning-prequalified-for-police-grant-1001-20131001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2013 Corning Observer

                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Washington: U.S. Department of Commerce Awards Nearly $10 Million in "Power"
Grants

LENGTH: 1485 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Commerce has issued the following news release:



 Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker announced the first round of
grant recipients under the Obama Administration's Partnership for Opportunity
and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative. POWER is led by
the EDA and aligns the resources of four federal agencies, the Department of
Commerce, the Department of Labor, the Small Business Administration, and the
Appalachian Regional Commission. In total, the Administration is announcing 36
POWER awards worth $14,546,457. The awards, which include both Planning and
Implementation grants, will be given to partnerships in 12 states and tribal
nations. The Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration (EDA) is
awarding nearly $10 million for 26 projects.





 Over the past several years, the United States has come to rely less on coal as
a primary source of power due to advancements in natural gas production,
declining costs for renewable energy, and increases in energy efficiency. As a
result, many communities that have traditionally depended on the coal industry
as a source of growth now need assistance to diversify their economies and train
workers for new jobs. The POWER Initiative awards funds that will be invested in
local economic and workforce development initiatives to help build resilient
regional economies amidst a changing power sector landscape.



 &ldquo;Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration
has committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape,&rdquo; said Secretary Pritzker. &ldquo;The POWER grants announced
today by EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs,
diversify its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century.&rdquo;




 U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development Jay Williams
traveled to Kentucky and West Virginia to announce the award of EDA POWER grants
to the Commonwealth of Kentucky Cabinet for Finance and Administration and eight
other KY based projects.  He was joined by project awardees, Kentucky Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, ARC Federal Co-Chair Earl Gohl, and
DOL-ETA Deputy Assistant Byron Zuidema.



 &ldquo;The POWER Initiative is a demonstration of this Administration's
continued commitment to breaking down silos within the federal government,
enabling federal dollars to have a greater impact,&rdquo; said U.S. Assistant
Secretary Williams. &ldquo;EDA is proud to lead this initiative with our federal
partners and look forward to seeing the results of these investments in coal
communities across the nation.&rdquo;



 POWER Implementation grants fund existing economic development plans and
strategies that address one or more of the following economic benefits:
local/regional economic diversification, re-employment opportunities for
dislocated coal industry employees, attracting new investment for job creation,
and workforce development. EDA awarded nearly $8 million in POWER Implementation
grants including:



     $100,000 EDA grant to Perry County Fiscal Court in Kentucky for the
Southeastern Kentucky Economic HUB Opportunities Diversification Implementation
Project.

     $1,200,000 EDA grant to West Case Substance Abuse Treatment in Kentucky for
the WestCare Kentucky Economic Development Project at the Judy Patton Center.

     $200,000 EDA grant to Appalshop, Inc., in Kentucky for Mines to Minds: The
Southeast Kentucky High Tech Workforce Certificate Project. ARC is also awarding
$75,000 to this project.

     $300,000 EDA grant to the International Economic Development Council Inc.,
in Alabama, Kentucky, and Tennessee for the IEDC Rural Development Institute for
Coal Communities.

     $1,000,000 EDA grant to the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Cabinet for Finance
and Administration for Unleashing the POWER of the I-Way! Building an ecosystem
for electronic commerce in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also awarding $75,000 to
this project, and ETA is awarding $2,000,000.

     $468,635 EDA grant to the Kentucky Center for Agriculture and Rural
Development for food chain supply development in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also
awarding $75,000 to this project.

     $35,000 EDA grant to the East Tennessee Development District for the
Campbell County TN implementation plan to improve broadband access.

     $1,400,000 EDA grant to San Juan College in New Mexico for the Four Corners
POWER Initiative.

     $200,000 EDA grant to the Chicago Transit Authority in Illinois for the
Fisk Power Plant Redevelopment Plan.

     $1,257,800 EDA grant to the Region 10 League of Economics Assistance and
Planning Inc., in Colorado for broadband infrastructure support.

     $826,400 EDA grant to the Town of Union, West Virginia for the UTC Water
Project.

     $275,000 EDA grant to the Friends of Southwest Virginia for RESOURCE-FULL.
ARC is also awarding $75,000 to this project.

     $600,000 EDA grant to the Coalfield Development Corporation for Regional
Economic Diversification. ARC is also awarding $75,000 to this project.



 Planning grants may be used for developing targeted economic development
strategies, feasibility studies, impact assessments, asset mapping, and other
relevant strategic planning efforts. EDA awarded nearly $1.8 million in POWER
Planning grants, including:



     $250,000 to Technology 2020 in Tennessee to expand and improve capacity to
provide entrepreneurial support through its Center for Entrepreneurial Growth
program.

     $80,000 to the Kentucky River Area Development District to fund a leakage
analysis that will provide the necessary first look by the Area Development
Districts into what businesses exist in the 26 county regions.

     $100,000 to Berea College in Kentucky to support the Promise Zone efforts
to develop a collective impact strategy to fully engage Opportunity Youth in the
work of economic transition.

      $160,000 to Hopkins County Fiscal Court in Kentucky to undertake a
multi-phased integrated effort to clearly identify and assess the regional
impact of the coal and power industries while developing a long-term economic
diversification and growth plan that reduces the region's reliance on coal.

     $274,500 to the Big Sandy Area Development District in Kentucky to conduct
RLF marketing, cluster/sector strategies development, resource/network
development, entrepreneurial service provider networking/coordination.

     $327,300 to the Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments Economic
Development District to direct and coordinate a study in Arizona, New Mexico,
Utah, and Colorado to assess current and future impacts of the coal industry in
the San Juan Basin and the surrounding region to evaluate current and future
assets and opportunities for and obstacles to regional economic diversification,
and to produce a report summarizing recommendations for regional economic
sustainability.

     $50,222 to the Mississippi River Regional Planning Commission in Wisconsin
to collect and analyze current information on project regional economic trends;
review and analyze current economic development strategies for project region
with local and regional stakeholders; develop an actionable strategic economic
plan for Buffalo County; identify business formation and growth obstacles;
identify specific activities for potential implementation and a tentative
schedule for each; and complete a detailed analysis of the project region
workforce.

     $50,000 to Moffat County, Colorado to conduct a comprehensive economic
assessment of the current commercial and economic needs and assets of Moffat
County and the surrounding region.

     $36,000 to the Southern Appalachia Labor School in West Virginia to
evaluate the possible economic use of abandoned and reclaimed surface mine
operations as well as an abandoned golf course and mountain terrain in an
economically distressed and underserved area that has suffered disproportionate
economic job losses.

     $40,000 to the Southern Alleghenies Planning and Development Commission in
Pennsylvania to develop a strategic business development and attraction plan.

     $100,000 to the WV Hub for The Innovation Acceleration Strategy to develop
community-specific plans for five communities in the southern part of the state
for economic diversification that are focused on implementable economic
activity.

     $124,000 to the Lewis County Economic Development in Washington for an
economic diversification and revitalization plan to mitigate job losses from the
closure of a coal-fired power plant.

      $147,900 to the Navajo Tribal Nation Government in Arizona to develop an
economic recovery strategy to address negative impacts associated with job
losses from closures of coal mines and future closure of a coal-fired power
plant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           February 15, 2011  Tuesday

Details of Obama's Fiscal 2012 Budget for Higher Education and Science

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Administration

LENGTH: 466  words


IN THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
Student assistance
 Pell Grants (program costs)                              $35,82 $36,12 1%
                                                          0      1
 Supplemental Equal Opportunity Grants                    $757   $757   0%
 Federal Work-Study                                       $980   $980   0%
 Leveraging Educational Assistance Partnership            $64    $0     -100
                                                                        %
 Student-aid administration                               $1,079 $1,342 24%
Aid to disadvantaged students
 TRIO programs for disadvantaged students                 $853   $920   8%
 Gear Up                                                  $323   $323   0%
Graduate support
 Robert C. Byrd honors scholarships                       $42    $0     -100
                                                                        %
 Javits Fellowships                                       $10    $0     -100
                                                                        %
 Graduate Assistance in Areas of National Need            $31    $41    31%
Teacher education assistance                              $22    $199   80%
Institutional assistance
 Historically black colleges                              $352   $352   0%
 Hispanic-serving institutions                            $239   $239   0%
 Tribal colleges                                          $60    $60    0%
Vocational education
 State grants                                             $1,161 $1,000 -14%
 Tech-Prep education                                      $103   $0     -100
                                                                        %
Education research and statistics
 Research, development, and dissemination                 $200   $260   30%
 Statewide data systems                                   $58    $100   72%
Fund for the Improvement of Postsecondary Education       $140   $150   7%
IN OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES
Scientific Research
National Institutes of Health (program level)             $30,94 $31,98 3%
                                                          3      7
National Science Foundation
 Total                                                    $6,872 $7,767 13%
 Research                                                 $5,564 $6,254 12%
 Education                                                $873   $911   4%
 Major research equipment                                 $117   $225   92%
 Agency operations and award management                   $300   $358   19%
Department of Agriculture
 Cooperative research and education                       $792   $708   -11%
 Formula grants                                           $636   $605   -5%
 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative competitive     $262   $325   24%
grants
 Extension activities                                     $495   $467   -6%
 Integrated activities                                    $60    $30    -50%
Department of Commerce oceanic and atmospheric research   $692   $728   5%
Department of Defense
 Basic research                                           $2,123 $2,078 -2%
 Applied research                                         $4,677 $4,687 0%
 Advanced-technology development                          $5,539 $5,481 -1%
Department of Energy Office of Science                    $4,904 $5,416 9%
Department of Homeland Security Office of University      $49    $37    -26%
Programs
Environmental Protection Agency science and technology    $597   $584   0%
National Aeronautics and Space Administration science     $4,469 $5,017 12%
Arts and Humanities
National Endowment for the Humanities, total              $168   $146   -13%
 Education programs                                       $16    $14    -13%
 Research programs                                        $17    $15    -12%
 Office of Digital Humanities                             $5     $4     -13%
 Preservation and access programs                         $17    $16    -9%
National Endowment for the Arts                           $168   $146   -13%
Institute of Museum and Library Services                  $282   $243   -14%
National Archives and Records Administration              $326   $388   19%
National Historical Publications and Records Commission   $13    $5     -62%
Note: Agencies provided estimated figures for fiscal 2011 because Congress
has not yet completed appropriations for the current year. Many estimates
for 2011 would continue spending at fiscal-2010 levels. Figures are rounded.
Source: U.S. government

For more details, see budget documents for these agencies online: Education
Department National Institutes of Health National Science Foundation Defense
Department Agriculture Department NASA National Endowment for the Humanities

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: UNM College of Education receives grant funding from ECMC Foundation

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Santa Fe: New Mexico State university has issued the following news release:



 A new initiative proposed by faculty in the University of New Mexico College of
Education that is designed to increase the number of Native American elementary
and secondary teachers was recently funded by the ECMC Foundation for a two year
total of $416,664. This is one of three new initiatives funded by the ECMC
Foundation. Total support for the three initiatives is $1.27 million.





 Christine Sims and Glenabah Martinez, associate professor and associate dean,
respectively, from the Department of Language, Literacy and Sociocultural
Studies are co-principal investigators on a project titled, &ldquo;American
Indian Education Mentor Program.&rdquo;



 The two-year grant supports a program to recruit and support a cohort of
undergraduate Native American students who plan to serve as elementary or
secondary teachers in school districts serving significant percentages of Native
American children and adolescents.



 &ldquo;Our recruitment target are those students currently in COE who are in
their last two years of their teacher preparation program,&rdquo; Sims said.
&ldquo;The idea is to try to increase the number of Native American people in
the field of teacher education because the numbers are so low. The gap is huge;
less than 2 percent of Native American teaching personnel in New Mexico as
compared to nearly 11 percent of Native American students enrolled in our state
public schools.&rdquo;



 The program will also work with tribes, local schools and tribal education
departments to identify potential participants. In addition to supporting the
cohort of students, the program will help to establish a larger pipeline of
young Native Americans interested in exploring teaching as a career.



 According to Sims, many potential students are already employed as
instructional assistants in school districts across the state. Many of them hold
full time jobs while also supporting their families and don't always have the
luxury to sign up for classes and leave their jobs to finish a degree program.
This new program will offer support to these individuals by bringing them
together for weekend seminars facilitated by Native faculty, with the goal of
helping them finish their degrees and prepare them to take the New Mexico state
teaching exam.



 &ldquo;Because they come from the communities in which they would eventually
teach, that would really increase the internal capacity of a local
community,&rdquo; Sims said. &ldquo;In the spirit of the Indian Education Act
which the state legislature passed in 2003, we want to contribute to this vision
of increasing Native American teachers in New Mexico.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;Research shows that if you have the presence of someone in the classroom
who truly cares about you and also understands your cultural background, and the
difficulty in sometimes navigating the western school system, it helps students
immensely,&rdquo; Martinez said. &ldquo;It's especially important in a state
like New Mexico where indigenous people have had to contend with three sets of
colonizers, each emphasizing deculturalization and then assimilation.



 &ldquo;In the current case, it's been deculturalization and intense
Americanization, taking away from the values of indigenous peoples and replacing
them with dominant values, for example, how to be more individualistic as
opposed to be being more group centered. Those are things we believe indigenous
teachers bring to the classroom. Now we aren't assuming that all indigenous
teachers have these values, but with this program we're working with educators
who are already in the field and are strongly committed to their
communities.&rdquo;



 The grant is one of three funded by the ECMC Foundation for a total of $1.27
million. The two other grants will help the College of Education to enhance its
collaboration with community schools in Albuquerque and support a language
diversity and arts integration initiative in an Albuquerque high need elementary
school.



 The mission of the ECMC Foundation is to &ldquo;inspire and to facilitate
improvements that affect educational outcomes--especially among underserved
populations--through evidence-based innovation.&rdquo; The ECMC Foundation is
based in Los Angeles, Calif.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusme

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

TRIBE'S EDUCATION, COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS ADD UP;

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 424 words


The Coeur d'Alene Tribe has given more than $4.5 million to regional schools and
community programs over the past two years, Tribal Council Chairman Chief Allan
announced Tuesday at the Coeur d'Alene Casino and Resort in Worley, Idaho.

"We are proud to contribute these resources for the future of our communities,
for children and to enhance education initiatives in our state," Allan said.

The donations included $1.1 million to North Idaho and Western Montana
elementary and high schools; $973,000 to Idaho universities and higher education
programs; and $2.5 million to community enrichment programs.

Since 1994, the tribe has donated more than $12.5 million to educational and
community improvement programs, far more than the 5 percent it pledged to
contribute as part of its gaming agreement with the state of Idaho, the tribe
said in its announcement.

SIDEBAR:

DONATIONS

Elementary and high schools: Avery School District, $20,000; Coeur d'Alene
School District, $30,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal School, $400,000; Fruitland
School District, $10,000; Holy Family Catholic School, $100,000; Kellogg School
District, $20,000; Kimberly High School, $5,000; Kootenai School District,
$20,000; Lakeland School District, $30,000; Magic Valley School District,
$1,000; Moscow School District, $10,000; Mullan School District, $20,000;
Plummer/Worley School District, $320,000; Post Falls School District, $20,000;
Potlatch School, $10,000; Timberlake Senior High School, $30,000; Troy High
School, $20,000; Wallace School District, $20,000; and White Pine School
District, $20,000.

Higher education: Plummer/Worley Senior Scholarships, $21,000; Coeur d'Alene
Tribal Scholarship Program, $200,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal Adult Vocational
Training, $120,000; University of Idaho, $185,000; Washington State University,
$400,000; and North Idaho College, $47,000.

Community enrichment: Idaho Meth Project, $250,000 toward a $500,000 total
commitment; Kroc Center, $200,000 toward a $1 million commitment; Cataldo Sacred
Encounters Program, $1 million; Back to School Program, $30,000; RezKast,
$170,000; Idaho Children's Book Project, $5,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal
Educational Institute, $20,000; Tesh Inc., $30,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal
Wellness Center, $75,000; Johnson O'Malley Coordinator, $130,000; Tribal Youth
Enhancement Program, $83,225: Coeur d'Alene Early Childhood Learning Center,
$500,000; and Human Rights Education Institute, $10,000.

Total: $4,582,225

A full list of the Coeur d'Alene tribe's donations can be found at
spokesmanreview.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                                Replate Edition

TRIBE'S EDUCATION, COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS ADD UP;

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 424 words


The Coeur d'Alene Tribe has given more than $4.5 million to regional schools and
community programs over the past two years, Tribal Council Chairman Chief Allan
announced Tuesday at the Coeur d'Alene Casino and Resort in Worley, Idaho.

"We are proud to contribute these resources for the future of our communities,
for children and to enhance education initiatives in our state," Allan said.

The donations included $1.1 million to North Idaho and Western Montana
elementary and high schools; $973,000 to Idaho universities and higher education
programs; and $2.5 million to community enrichment programs.

Since 1994, the tribe has donated more than $12.5 million to educational and
community improvement programs, far more than the 5 percent it pledged to
contribute as part of its gaming agreement with the state of Idaho, the tribe
said in its announcement.

SIDEBAR:

DONATIONS

Elementary and high schools: Avery School District, $20,000; Coeur d'Alene
School District, $30,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal School, $400,000; Fruitland
School District, $10,000; Holy Family Catholic School, $100,000; Kellogg School
District, $20,000; Kimberly High School, $5,000; Kootenai School District,
$20,000; Lakeland School District, $30,000; Magic Valley School District,
$1,000; Moscow School District, $10,000; Mullan School District, $20,000;
Plummer/Worley School District, $320,000; Post Falls School District, $20,000;
Potlatch School, $10,000; Timberlake Senior High School, $30,000; Troy High
School, $20,000; Wallace School District, $20,000; and White Pine School
District, $20,000.

Higher education: Plummer/Worley Senior Scholarships, $21,000; Coeur d'Alene
Tribal Scholarship Program, $200,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal Adult Vocational
Training, $120,000; University of Idaho, $185,000; Washington State University,
$400,000; and North Idaho College, $47,000.

Community enrichment: Idaho Meth Project, $250,000 toward a $500,000 total
commitment; Kroc Center, $200,000 toward a $1 million commitment; Cataldo Sacred
Encounters Program, $1 million; Back to School Program, $30,000; RezKast,
$170,000; Idaho Children's Book Project, $5,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal
Educational Institute, $20,000; Tesh Inc., $30,000; Coeur d'Alene Tribal
Wellness Center, $75,000; Johnson O'Malley Coordinator, $130,000; Tribal Youth
Enhancement Program, $83,225: Coeur d'Alene Early Childhood Learning Center,
$500,000; and Human Rights Education Institute, $10,000.

Total: $4,582,225

A full list of the Coeur d'Alene tribe's donations can be found at
spokesmanreview.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday

Sockbeson honored by Colby College for outstanding Indian law career

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 800 words


Oct. 8--WATERVILLE, Maine -- When Henry Sockbeson III began practicing Indian
law in the 1970s, the courts were relatively supportive of Indian issues.

Now, not so much.

Sockbeson, a member of the Penobscot Indian Nation, received the Distinguished
Alumnus Award from Colby College Sept. 27 in honor of his 25-year career as an
attorney practicing Indian law in tribal, state and federal courts. But he's not
so sure he'd actively encourage young people to follow in his footsteps.

"When I was getting out, the judiciary was fairly sympathetic toward Indian
tribes. Now the last thing in the world you want to do is take a case before the
U.S. Supreme Court because chances are, you're going to lose and that's become
more and more true in various district courts and circuit courts because more
conservative judges have been appointed the last few years. So I think it's
harder to make a difference just as a lawyer in court," he told Indian Country
Today.

But, he added, "I certainly wouldn't discourage anyone from looking at the law
as a career, because it's quite interesting and you can accomplish some good
things."

The award ceremony took place at the college during the second annual Colby
Alumni Networking Weekend, an opportunity for alumni and current students to
come together and share career advice and opportunities.

Sockbeson graduated from the liberal arts college in 1973 and went on to Harvard
Law School, where he earned his juris doctor in 1976. He was the first American
Indian from Maine to attend law school.

"I didn't really know that until I'd been out of school for a while. But as
other people went to law school behind me, I felt good about that. I sort of
laid that out as a possibility, I guess, for some people," he said.

His desire to work on behalf of Indian people is what led him into law.

"I thought there were some really serious problems with Indian tribes and I
thought that the law was one way of addressing those problems."

Sockbeson's career has covered a huge range of issues and events in Indian
country. He has been involved in litigation concerning land claims, tribal
taxation, and religious and voting rights issues.

After graduating from Harvard Law School, he received a Reginald Heber Smith
scholarship, which sent him to work at California Indian Legal Services. He
stayed from 1977 to 1981, handling hunting and fishing rights cases in state and
federal court, and tax cases in state court.

He worked as the directing attorney for the Native American Rights Fund in
Colorado and Washington from 1983 to 1993, dealing with a wide variety of
federal legislative matters involving the Wampanoag Tribe of Gay Head (Aquinnah)
Settlement Act, the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act and
the Indian Reorganization Act Amendments.

Perhaps the most challenging case of his career was negotiating and securing the
Wampanoag's 1987 settlement act, which provided the tribe with around 485 acres
of trust land in its aboriginal homeland on Martha's Vineyard.

"At the time, the U.S. House and Senate were controlled by Republicans and it
was a Republican White House as well. It was during the Reagan era."

One of the bill's sponsors was Sen. Ted Kennedy. The tribe also had to go
through the federal acknowledgment process.

"They were initially turned down and we got them to reverse that on appeal,
which I think was the first time that was done," Sockbeson said.

He was the lead attorney for the Larsen Bay repatriation case, a watershed event
in the history of repatriation and American museums in which the Smithsonian
Institution returned more than 750 skeletal remains of the ancestors and grave
offerings to their tribes for reburial.

In 1993 he went to work as a tribal attorney for the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal
Nation. His work there included drafting tribal ordinances that established its
tribal court and gaming enterprise division. He was also instrumental in setting
up a mortgage initiative for tribal members living on the reservation.

He has given talks about his work and has been a volunteer for Colby College in
various capacities, including as overseer, head class agent, January internship
sponsor and member of a Rhode Island Regional Campaign Committee.

Sockbeson worked at Mashantucket until the end of last year, when he accepted
one of the tribe's first buyout offers to tribal government employees.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081008-IC-ATTORNEY-AWARD-20081008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today

                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2008 Wednesday

Sitting Bull College to build academic center

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Jul. 9--FORT YATES, N.D. -- In the spring of 2007, the American Indian College
Fund, based in Denver, announced a $17.5 million historic grant initiative from
the Lilly Endowment Inc.

The program, named Woksape Oyate, Lakota for "Wisdom of the People," aims to
build the intellectual capital at many of the federally recognized tribal
colleges.

Richard Williams, president of the AICF, said, "This program allows college
administrators to tailor programs that will address individual needs for each of
their respective institutions, while strengthening the tribal college system as
a whole."

In November 2007, Sitting Bull College was awarded $700,000 of the $17.5 million
Lily Endowment and has used the initial funding to establish a 7th Generation
Academic Excellence Center in hopes of enhancing the intellectual capital of its
students and future leaders on the Standing Rock Reservation.

"The center will assist Sitting Bull College students to become more effective
communicators both orally and in writing," said Koreen Ressler, vice president
of academics. "This is important to the education of our students because
effective communication is one of the seven overall student outcomes used to
measure student success."

Sitting Bull College received its first installment in November 2007, with four
additional payments of $140,000 each scheduled over the next four years.

The center is focused on developing student's writing, reading and oral
communication skills, and will collaborate with key community stakeholders to
successfully impact the education system on and near Standing Rock.

"It's truly a win-win situation for everyone," said program evaluator Deborah
His Horse is Thunder.

"By working closely with local schools, the 7th Generation [Academic] Excellence
Center provides an excellent opportunity for college students to be effective
role models to high school students and for the high school students to become
familiar with Sitting Bull College much earlier by accessing the communication
resources provided by this center."

As part of the program, the center will offer a writing lab for community
members, a student writing/speech club and professional development workshops
for faculty and staff.

Through a multifaceted approach, Woksape Oyate and center will dramatically
enhance recruitment, retention and development of Sitting Bull College faculty,
staff and students.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080709-IC-COLLEGE-ACAD-CTR-20080709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today

                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Meetings: Humanities Panel

LENGTH: 1141  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the National Foundation on
the Arts and the Humanities (ARTS)



  Action



 Notice of meetings.

 Summary



 The National Endowment for the Humanities will hold twenty-four meetings of the
Humanities Panel, a federal advisory committee, during March, 2017. The purpose
of the meetings is for panel review, discussion, evaluation, and recommendation
of applications for financial assistance under the National Foundation on the
Arts and Humanities Act of 1965.



 Dates



 See SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for meeting dates. The meetings will open
at 8:30 a.m. and will adjourn by 5:00 p.m. on the dates specified below.

 Addresses



 The meetings will be held at Constitution Center at 400 7th Street SW.,
Washington, DC 20506, unless otherwise indicated.

 For Further Information Contact



 Elizabeth Voyatzis, Committee Management Officer, 400 7th Street SW., Room
4060, Washington, DC 20506; (202) 606-8322; evoyatzis@neh.gov

 Supplementary Information



 Pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C.
App.), notice is hereby given of the following meetings:



 1. Date: March 7, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Philosophy and
Religion for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted to
the Division of Research Programs.



 2. Date: March 7, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs.



 3. Date: March 8, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs.



 4. Date: March 8, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of American History for
the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted to the Division
of Research Programs.



 5. Date: March 9, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of World History and
Literature for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted
to the Division of Research Programs.



 6. Date: March 9, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs.



 7. Date: March 13, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications for the Humanities Initiatives at
Community Colleges grant program, submitted to the Division of Education
Programs.



 8. Date: March 14, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of World History and
Literature for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted
to the Division of Research Programs.



 9. Date: March 15, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of the Arts for the
Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs.



 10. Date: March 16, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of World History and
Literature for the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the
Division of Research Programs.



 11. Date: March 21, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Philosophy for the
Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of Research
Programs.



 12. Date: March 21, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects History and Culture for
Media Projects: Development Grants, submitted to the Division of Public
Programs.



 13. Date: March 22, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Native American
History for the Public Humanities Projects --Exhibitions grant program (planning
grants), submitted to the Division of Public Programs.



 14. Date: March 22, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of American and British
Literature for the Scholarly Editions and Translations grant program, submitted
to the Division of Research Programs.



 15. Date: March 23, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Art History for the
Public Humanities Projects--Exhibitions grant program (implementation grants),
submitted to the Division of Public Programs.



 16. Date: March 23, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Old World Archaeology
for the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division of
Research Programs.



 17. Date: March 24, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of African American
History for the Public Humanities Projects--Exhibitions grant program (planning
grants), submitted to the Division of Public Programs.



 18. Date: March 27, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of U.S. History for the
Public Humanities Projects--Exhibitions grant program (implementation grants),
submitted to the Division of Public Programs.



 19. Date: March 28, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of International History
and Culture for Media Projects: Development Grants, submitted to the Division of
Public Programs.



 20. Date: March 28, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of New World and Asian
Archaeology for the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the
Division of Research Programs.



 21. Date: March 28, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of Tribal Collections for
the Sustaining Cultural Heritage Collections grant program, submitted to the
Division of Preservation and Access.



 22. Date: March 29, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of History and Social
Science for the Collaborative Research grant program, submitted to the Division
of Research Programs.



 23. Date: March 30, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subjects of Museums, Historic
Houses, and Material Culture for the Sustaining Cultural Heritage Collections
grant program, submitted to the Division of Preservation and Access.



 24. Date: March 30, 2017.



 This meeting will discuss applications on the subject of History for Media
Projects: Development Grants, submitted to the Division of Public Programs.



 Because these meetings will include review of personal and/or proprietary
financial and commercial information given in confidence to the agency by grant
applicants, the meetings will be closed to the public pursuant to sections
552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6) of Title 5, U.S.C., as amended. I have made this
determination pursuant to the authority granted me by the Chairman's Delegation
of Authority to Close Advisory Committee Meetings dated April 15, 2016.

 Dated: February 13, 2017.

 Elizabeth Voyatzis,

 Committee Management Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2017-03191 Filed 2-16-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 7536-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

KEEPING THE PLEDGE;
Coeur d'Alene Tribe's gifts from gaming add up;

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell<P> betsyr@spokesman.com, (208) 336-2854<P>

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1215 words


When the Coeur d'Alene Tribe first signed a gaming compact with the state of
Idaho in 1992, tribal leaders insisted on donating 5 percent of net casino
gaming proceeds to education on or near their reservation - a gesture that has
added up to $16.8 million in donations since 1994, including $1.5 million this
year and $1.8 million last year.

"The tribe originated the idea," said David High, the now-retired deputy Idaho
attorney general who for years oversaw negotiations with the state's Indian
tribes over gaming. "They didn't have to do it."

In fact, High said, the National Indian Gaming Regulatory Act forbids states
from taxing or assessing any kind of fees on the proceeds of tribal gaming.
"Congress intended the tribes to get the financial benefit of Indian gaming and
did not want the states trying to take a piece of that," he said.

But in the case of the Coeur d'Alenes, "The tribe has agreed to it is the
thing," High said.

Later, the tribe wrote the 5 percent contribution into a tribal gaming
initiative that Idaho voters strongly approved in 2002, prompting two other
Idaho tribes, the Kootenai and Nez Perce, to add it to their compacts as well.

The biggest beneficiary of the Coeur d'Alenes' donations has been the
beleaguered Plummer-Worley School District, which has received $3.125 million,
including $110,000 this year and $110,000 last year. The second-biggest
beneficiary was the Coeur d'Alene Tribal School in DeSmet, which got $2.8
million.

"We've been very grateful for it - it's helped us out an awful lot, helped our
students," said Judi Sharrett, Plummer-Worley superintendent. This year, the
tribe's contribution to Plummer-Worley made up 2.4 percent of the school
district's budget.

The district is one of the state's poorest; it's the only one for which the
state has had to force a property tax increase after local voters repeatedly
refused to approve a bond to replace a condemned elementary school.

"They're close and a lot of our kids go there," said Helo Hancock, the tribe's
legislative liaison, adding, "There's certainly a need there."

Ernie Stensgar, the longtime Coeur d'Alene tribal chairman and current vice
chairman who signed the original gaming compact with the state, said, "I think
we wanted to really give people a good look at who we were. And giving is part
of our culture."

That's a tradition that stretches far back into the Coeur d'Alene Tribe's
history, from helping out starving and freezing white settlers in pioneer times
to the cultural tradition of handing out blankets, shawls, drums and bandannas
at tribal events.

The Nez Perce and tiny Kootenai tribes also have taken pride in their donations
since 2002, and note that like the Coeur d'Alenes, they've given more than the
required 5 percent and have supported many causes, including college
scholarships, social programs, wildlife restoration and local kindergarten
classes.

But the success of the Coeur d'Alene Casino Resort Hotel, which has made the
tribe the second-largest employer in North Idaho, behind only Kootenai Medical
Center, has prompted some grumbling in recent years over who got how much of the
education money. That's prompted the tribe to stop holding formal ceremonies
announcing the donations for the past two years, which led to speculation that
the tribe no longer was making them.

"I know in the recent years they just haven't wanted to make a big showing about
it," said state Rep. Bob Nonini, R-Coeur d'Alene, who chairs the Idaho Council
on Indian Affairs.

In August, the Coeur d'Alene Press reported that schools in the region,
including Plummer-Worley, hadn't gotten contributions from the tribe in two
years, though the same newspaper had published an article in January noting that
the district had included grant funds from the casino in its budget. The Idaho
Lottery issued a statement saying the tribe had met its 5 percent requirement
and had been "good stewards of their gaming activities and generous neighbors to
the communities on or near the reservation as well as to other good causes."

Said Hancock, "We challenge anybody to find another organization who gives more
to the community than the Coeur d'Alene Tribe." He called suggestions that the
tribe wasn't keeping its 5 percent promise "ridiculous and offensive."

The hubbub prompted a series of public records requests to the Idaho Lottery
Commission, the agency designated to oversee tribal gaming in the state. Most
sought a breakdown of who got how much money from the Coeur d'Alenes' 5 percent
donations, but the lottery doesn't have that information. Both the tribe's
compact with the state and the 2002 initiative say the donations are handed out
"at the sole discretion of the tribe."

The only information the tribes hand over to the Lottery Commission is their
audited financial statement, which shows the 5 percent figure, along with other
proprietary information about their gaming operations, such as, in some cases,
background checks on employees and information about security procedures. The
Coeur d'Alene Tribe's compact with the state exempts from public disclosure
information it submits to the state under the trade secrets clause of Idaho
Public Records Law.

Compacts between the state and the other tribes contain similar trade-secrets
confidentiality provisions.

High noted that the Coeur d'Alenes' donations to the communities around them
stood them in good stead when then-Gov. Phil Batt convened a task force in 1997
to hold hearings around the state to determine whether Idahoans still wanted to
allow gambling on Indian reservations. Despite a membership that included a host
of gambling opponents, the task force voted narrowly in favor of allowing
limited reservation casinos to continue operating.

"At the hearings, we had local government people coming in, saying how gaming
had benefited their communities," High said. "So it was obviously really a wise
move on their part."

In 2002, when he was a candidate for Congress, Gov. Butch Otter endorsed the
tribal gaming initiative.

Idaho's once-destitute Indian tribes have thrived since they added gambling
operations. Unemployment among Coeur d'Alene tribal members before the casino
was as high as 70 percent, while now there are more jobs than tribal members on
the reservation. Among all residents of the reservation, including non-Indians,
unemployment has dropped by half from 11.3 percent in 1990 to 5.2 percent, on
average, between 2005 and 2009, according to the Idaho Department of Labor.

Hancock said the tribe now employs nearly 2,000 people, including 1,300 at the
casino; nearly 70 percent are non-Indians.

The Coeur d'Alenes have used gaming proceeds to invest in programs for senior
citizens, offer college scholarships to youth, improve housing and health
programs, purchase land on the reservation, establish veterans programs and
more. The reservation has the nation's first Indian health clinic that also
serves non-Indians. "There are so many impacts," Stensgar said. "I think there's
more of a pride in our people - I can see that."

He said the tribe wanted to demonstrate that it would use gaming proceeds to
"enhance not only tribal people, but all the other people that lived around us,
and that promise hasn't been broken - we have done that, and we are still doing
that."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Special incentives package for Fata doctors' planned

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, March 31 -- The Federal Government has planned a special

incentives package for the doctors posted in Fata to encourage them of serving
patients in hospitals and basic health units in hitherto backward tribal regions
of the country.

Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in Government

hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs.
20,000 per month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by
the Government, a senior official of Fata Secretariat told APP on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fata's

hospitals were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign
countries prefer hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi
and Quetta instead of Fata due to poor law and order situation and unattractive
financial packages in latter.

The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help

motive doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive

financial package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear
about Rs. 140million per year additional grant under this financial package
head.

Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators

to Fata hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients. The
official said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for
provision of interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI
and Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.

This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large.

The official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted
to the competent forum for approval.

The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer

treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2.

The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of

Radiology and Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the
Government would bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery.

This pilot project of the Federal Government would be launched

simultaneously in all tribal agencies and Frontier Regions.

The patients would get full diagnostic and treatment facilities free of

costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have been proposed for the first
phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would be gradually increased.

Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has

been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added.

To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend

to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet
colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in
cadet colleges located in Fata this year.

The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of

North Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year
under this head cleared.

He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs.

5000 while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters,
MPHIL and Ph.D programs.

These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract

students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Special incentives package for FATA doctors' planned

LENGTH: 611  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, March 31 -- The Federal government has planned a special

incentives package for the doctors posted in FATA to encourage them of serving
patients in hospitals and basic health units in hitherto backward tribal regions
of the country.

Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in government

hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs.
20,000 per month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by
the government, a senior official of FATA Secretariat told APP on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in FATA's

hospitals were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign
countries prefer hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi
and Quetta instead of FATA due to poor law & order situation and unattractive
financial packages in latter.

The main objective of this endeavours of the government is to help

motive doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive
financial package to them. The official said the federal government would bear
about Rs.140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.

Similarly, he said the government would provide high powered generators

to FATA hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients.

The official said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for

generators for provision of interrupted medical services and laboratories tests
X-Rays, CT, MRI and Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.

This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large.

The official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted
to the competent forum for approval.

The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer

treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2.

The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of

Radiology and Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the
government would bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery.

This pilot project of the Federal Government would be launched

simultaneously in all tribal agencies and Frontier Regions.

The patients would get full diagnostic and treatment facilities free of

costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have been proposed for the first
phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would be gradually increased.

Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has

been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added.

To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend

to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet
colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in
cadet colleges located in Fata this year.

The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of

North Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year
under this head cleared.

He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs.

5000 while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters,
MPhil and Ph.D programmes.

These initiatives of the Federal government would certainly attract

students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                  May 2, 2015

'Mumbai can be world's financial capital one day' - Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao

BYLINE: FPJ Bureau

LENGTH: 1078  words


Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao opened his heart in an interview with Abhijit Mulye
and Prakash Kulkarni on the eve of Maharashtra Day. As he discussed several
topics, he elaborated how he perceives the potential of the state. He also
cautioned the people of certain challenges and appealed them to take on the
challenges. Excerpts

What have been your impressions of Maharashtra afterassuming charge as Governor
of the state?

I had been engaged in the development of rural areas in my earlier political
life. After assuming charge as Governor of Maharashtra, my efforts became more
focused. I realized that there are several responsibilities vested in a
governor. The governor is a head of the state. That brings in several
constitutional duties along with it.

Soon after assuming charge of Maharashtra, I had to assume the responsibility of
the entire administration, as the state went under president's rule due to the
political situation. The governor also carries out the responsibility as
Chancellor of the universities across the state. Maharashtra has 20 such
universities having an estimated student enrolment of 3 million. The governor is
also the constitutional head of the scheme of development boards and patron of
several non-governmental organisations. But, apart from all these
responsibilities, the governor is entrusted with special responsibility
regarding administration of scheduled areas under Schedule V of the
Constitution, that is primarily the tribal belts of the state. I'm happy that I
could work on this front. I could take some decisions that would bring a
positive change in the lives of the tribal population of our state.

What are the decisions?

The Panchayats (Extension to the Scheduled Areas) Act (PESA) has been there
since 1998. But, the act was not being implemented because the rules to
implement the act were not in place. For 18 years the act lay as it was. The
first thing we did was to get the rules framed under PESA. Another important
decision we took was to grant the rights of ownership over minor forest produce
to tribals. This one thing has several implications. Primarily this helps to
establish the tribal population's rights over the minor forest produce like the
bamboo, Tendu leaves, gum etc. They have also been giving rights over fishing.
This would help them preserve their livelihood. They now have an avenue to earn
what was going to the middlemen or the contractors. They can earn lakhs of
rupees. This would give them the much needed economic power to survive in this
world.

The other major decision regarding tribals is to release the 5% Tribal sub plan
funds to the Gram Panchayats in the Scheduled Areas in proportion of the
population. The tribal sub plan funds are being allocated for several years.
But, have hardly been used earlier. Now, the tribal villages would be able to
decide what they need and get those works done through the funds allocated to
their village panchayat. This would give them more autonomy. Would help the
tribal villages to develop new livelihood avenues like developing their village
tanks and carryout economic activities like fishing. We are also planning to
develop hatcheries for their benefit.

What about the urban area and other parts of the state?

As I've been entrusted with the responsibility of heading the development boards
under article 371 (2) of the Constitution, I have ensured that the allocation of
funds for the irrigation projects in the Marathwada and the Vidarbha regions
would be in such a way that it tries to do away with the imbalance of
development.

Apart from this initiative for equitable distribution of resources, Swachch
Bharat Abhiyan is another initiative that has received a tremendous response.

The drive had one more interesting spin off in case of Mumbai. While we were at
the J J Hospital on the cleanliness drive, the Dean of the Hospital told me that
patients from all parts of Maharashtra visit the hospital, but the beds are
grossly inadequate. He complained that the expansion of the hospital had been
affected by the heritage tag attached to the hospital building. I spoke to the
concerned officials and the hurdles were removed. The hospital has received
necessary funds and soon 1,000 additional beds would be created.

Q.What are your impressions regarding the potential of the state?

The state has tremendous potential. We have natural resources, industriousness,
heritage, all the necessary things. They form the core of the potential of the
state. Mumbai is being seen as the financial capital of the country. But, I feel
that the city has all the things to develop into the financial capital of the
world. I would like the city to attain the status. The state also has a
tremendous potential in several other fields. The state has given largest number
of intellectuals to the country. The state has given the largest number of
social thinkers, saints to the India. We have such a rich heritage. We should be
able to use it. I have been interacting with several of the international
delegates. They appear to be eager to join hands with us either in

the field of industries or the tourism or the agricultural. We should be able to
build on this enthusiasm.

What are the challenges and how would be able to overcome them?

Education is the biggest challenge that we are facing. We need to ask ourselves
whether our educational institutions are imparting quality education. What I
realized during my tours to the tribal areas was, that due to some kind of
prejudices, the 'Ashram Shalas' (residential schools) in the tribal areas did
not have provision for teaching science at the junior college level. When I
asked why was it so, I was told that we won't get science teachers in the area.
But, I realized that not much effort was made to overcome the problem. This
means we are denying the opportunity to tribal boys and girls to become doctors,
engineers and nurses. I have now instructed them to overcome this problem and
start science education at all tribal schools. During my interactions with
students from the schools, I met several girls who wanted to pursue nursing as
their career. Several boys told me that they wanted to become doctors and
engineers. But, by denying them the basic education in science, we have
literally closed doors of all these possibilities on them. We have to be
watchful of and avoid such things. This would help us in making the state attain
its number one status in the country in the truest sense of the term.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       July 21, 2014 Monday 4:03 PM  EST

INITIATIVES TO CHECK HARASSMENT OF STUDENTS ON BASIS OF CASTE IN HIGHER
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF COUNTRY

LENGTH: 504  words


NEW DELHI, July 21 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Ministry of Human Resource Development has taken several initiatives to
check the incidents of harassment of all students, including the Scheduled
Castes and Scheduled Tribes, in the higher educational institutions of the
country.

(i) Equal Opportunity Centres : At present, as many as 250 EOCs are functioning
in various universities and 2252 in colleges. In order to make the colleges more
responsive to the needs and constraints of the disadvantaged social groups, the
University Grants Commission is giving Financial Assistance to all Colleges/
Universities which have been included under Sections 2(f) and 12B of the UGC
Act, 1956 to establish Equal Opportunity Centres. The aim and objective of this
Scheme is to oversee the effective implementation of policies and programmes for
disadvantaged groups, to provide guidance and counselling with respect to
academic, financial, social and other matters and to enhance the diversity
within the campus.

(ii) UGC (Promotion of Equity in Higher Education Institutions) Regulations,
2012 and UGC (Grievance Redressal), Regulations, 2012 : These two Regulations of
the UGC intend to give effect in letter and spirit to the provisions of the
Constitution and other Statutory provisions and policies for prevention of
discrimination on the grounds of caste and to safeguard the interests of the
students belonging to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. The Regulations
also seek to provide for advancement of Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe
students through setting up of Equal Opportunity Cells in each Higher
Educational Institution. The UGC also provides financial assistance to establish
the Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy to support focused
research on the issue of social exclusion related to dalits, tribals and
religious minorities.

(iii) The All India Council for Technical Education (Establishment of Mechanism
for Grievance Redressal) Regulations, 2012, provides for establishment of a
Grievance Redressal Committee in each technical institutions approved by the
AICTE; and appointment of Ombudsman, by the Technical Universities for the
purpose of redressal of grievances of the students, parents and others.

(iv) The Indian Institutes of Technology has Disciplinary Action Committees to
take immediate action if any complaint of caste-biased discrimination is
received. They also have student mentors in various Departments who help them in
their academic and other problems by providing proper guidance and also bring to
the notice of concerned authorities about their problems for timely address. In
addition, there are Student Tutors who help them to cope up with their academic
problems.

This information was given by the Union Minister of HRD, Smt. Smriti Irani in a
written reply to a Rajya Sabha question today. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Special incentives package for Fata doctors

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 89

LENGTH: 574  words


The federal government has planned a special incentives package for the doctors
posted in FATA to encourage them of serving patients in hospitals and basic
health units in backward tribal regions of the country.

Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in government hospitals and
Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs. 20,000 per
month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by the
Government, a senior official of FATA Secretariat told on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fatas hospitals
were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign countries prefer
hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Quetta instead
of FATA due to poor law and order situation and unattractive financial packages.

The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help motive
doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive financial
package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear about Rs.
140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.

Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators to Fata
hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients.  The official
said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for provision of
interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI and
Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.

This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large. The
official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted to
the competent forum for approval. The official said a comprehensive programme
for provision of free cancer treatment to poor patients of Fata has been
prepared that would be presented in the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in
upcoming meeting on April 2.

The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of Radiology and
Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the Government would
bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery. This pilot project
of the Federal Government would be launched simultaneously in all tribal
agencies and Frontier Regions. The patients would get full diagnostic and
treatment facilities free of costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have
been proposed for the first phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would
be gradually increased.

Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has been
launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added. To encourage
Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend to Rs 13200 from Rs
5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet colleges of the country
while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in cadet colleges located
in Fata this year.

The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of North
Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year under
this head cleared.He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been
given Rs. 5000 while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in
Masters, MPHIL and Ph.D programs.

These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract students
towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides providing best
medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hazard Herald (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. Department of Commerce awards nearly $10 Million in "Power" Grants

BYLINE: The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1457 words


Oct. 20--Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker announced the first
round of grant recipients under the Obama Administration's Partnership for
Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative. POWER
is led by the EDA and aligns the resources of four federal agencies, the
Department of Commerce, the Department of Labor, the Small Business
Administration, and the Appalachian Regional Commission. In total, the
Administration is announcing 36 POWER awards worth $14,546,457. The awards,
which include both Planning and Implementation grants, will be given to
partnerships in 12 states and tribal nations. The Commerce Department's Economic
Development Administration (EDA) is awarding nearly $10 million for 26 projects.

Over the past several years, the United States has come to rely less on coal as
a primary source of power due to advancements in natural gas production,
declining costs for renewable energy, and increases in energy efficiency. As a
result, many communities that have traditionally depended on the coal industry
as a source of growth now need assistance to diversify their economies and train
workers for new jobs. The POWER Initiative awards funds that will be invested in
local economic and workforce development initiatives to help build resilient
regional economies amidst a changing power sector landscape.

"Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration has
committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape," said Secretary Pritzker. "The POWER grants announced today by EDA
and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs, diversify its
economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century."

U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development Jay Williams
traveled to Kentucky and West Virginia to announce the award of EDA POWER grants
to the Commonwealth of Kentucky Cabinet for Finance and Administration and eight
other KY based projects. He was joined by project awardees, Kentucky Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, ARC Federal Co-Chair Earl Gohl, and
DOL-ETA Deputy Assistant Byron Zuidema.

"The POWER Initiative is a demonstration of this Administration's continued
commitment to breaking down silos within the federal government, enabling
federal dollars to have a greater impact," said U.S. Assistant Secretary
Williams. "EDA is proud to lead this initiative with our federal partners and
look forward to seeing the results of these investments in coal communities
across the nation."

POWER Implementation grants fund existing economic development plans and
strategies that address one or more of the following economic benefits:
local/regional economic diversification, re-employment opportunities for
dislocated coal industry employees, attracting new investment for job creation,
and workforce development. EDA awarded nearly $8 million in POWER Implementation
grants including:

--$100,000 EDA grant to Perry County Fiscal Court in Kentucky for the
Southeastern Kentucky Economic HUB Opportunities Diversification Implementation
Project.

--$1,200,000 EDA grant to West Case Substance Abuse Treatment in Kentucky for
the WestCare Kentucky Economic Development Project at the Judy Patton Center.

--$200,000 EDA grant to Appalshop, Inc., in Kentucky for Mines to Minds: The
Southeast Kentucky High Tech Workforce Certificate Project. ARC is also awarding
$75,000 to this project.

--$300,000 EDA grant to the International Economic Development Council Inc., in
Alabama, Kentucky, and Tennessee for the IEDC Rural Development Institute for
Coal Communities.

--$1,000,000 EDA grant to the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Cabinet for Finance and
Administration for Unleashing the POWER of the I-Way! Building an ecosystem for
electronic commerce in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also awarding $75,000 to this
project, and ETA is awarding $2,000,000.

--$468,635 EDA grant to the Kentucky Center for Agriculture and Rural
Development for food chain supply development in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also
awarding $75,000 to this project.

--$35,000 EDA grant to the East Tennessee Development District for the Campbell
County TN implementation plan to improve broadband access.

--$1,400,000 EDA grant to San Juan College in New Mexico for the Four Corners
POWER Initiative.

--$200,000 EDA grant to the Chicago Transit Authority in Illinois for the Fisk
Power Plant Redevelopment Plan.

--$1,257,800 EDA grant to the Region 10 League of Economics Assistance and
Planning Inc., in Colorado for broadband infrastructure support.

--$826,400 EDA grant to the Town of Union, West Virginia for the UTC Water
Project.

--$275,000 EDA grant to the Friends of Southwest Virginia for RESOURCE-FULL. ARC
is also awarding $75,000 to this project.

--$600,000 EDA and ARC grant to the Coalfield Development Corporation for the
Coalfield Development Corporation's Regional Economic Diversification.

Planning grants may be used for developing targeted economic development
strategies, feasibility studies, impact assessments, asset mapping, and other
relevant strategic planning efforts. EDA awarded nearly $1.8 million in POWER
Planning grants, including:

--$250,000 to Technology 2020 in Tennessee to expand and improve capacity to
provide entrepreneurial support through its Center for Entrepreneurial Growth
program.

--$80,000 to the Kentucky River Area Development District to fund a leakage
analysis that will provide the necessary first look by the Area Development
Districts into what businesses exist in the 26 county regions.

--$100,000 to Berea College in Kentucky to support the Promise Zone efforts to
develop a collective impact strategy to fully engage Opportunity Youth in the
work of economic transition.

--$160,000 to Hopkins County Fiscal Court in Kentucky to undertake a
multi-phased integrated effort to clearly identify and assess the regional
impact of the coal and power industries while developing a long-term economic
diversification and growth plan that reduces the region's reliance on coal.

--$274,500 to the Big Sandy Area Development District in Kentucky to conduct RLF
marketing, cluster/sector strategies development, resource/network development,
entrepreneurial service provider networking/coordination.

--$327,300 to the Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments Economic
Development District to direct and coordinate a study in Arizona, New Mexico,
Utah, and Colorado to assess current and future impacts of the coal industry in
the San Juan Basin and the surrounding region to evaluate current and future
assets and opportunities for and obstacles to regional economic diversification,
and to produce a report summarizing recommendations for regional economic
sustainability.

--$50,222 to the Mississippi River Regional Planning Commission in Wisconsin to
collect and analyze current information on project regional economic trends;
review and analyze current economic development strategies for project region
with local and regional stakeholders; develop an actionable strategic economic
plan for Buffalo County; identify business formation and growth obstacles;
identify specific activities for potential implementation and a tentative
schedule for each; and complete a detailed analysis of the project region
workforce.

--$50,000 to Moffat County, Colorado to conduct a comprehensive economic
assessment of the current commercial and economic needs and assets of Moffat
County and the surrounding region.

--$36,000 to the Southern Appalachia Labor School in West Virginia to evaluate
the possible economic use of abandoned and reclaimed surface mine operations as
well as an abandoned golf course and mountain terrain in an economically
distressed and underserved area that has suffered disproportionate economic job
losses.

--$40,000 to the Southern Alleghenies Planning and Development Commission in
Pennsylvania to develop a strategic business development and attraction plan.

--$100,000 to the WV Hub for The Innovation Acceleration Strategy to develop
community-specific plans for five communities in the southern part of the state
for economic diversification that are focused on implementable economic
activity.

--$124,000 to the Lewis County Economic Development in Washington for an
economic diversification and revitalization plan to mitigate job losses from the
closure of a coal-fired power plant.

--$147,900 to the Navajo Tribal Nation Government in Arizona to develop an
economic recovery strategy to address negative impacts associated with job
losses from closures of coal mines and future closure of a coal-fired power
plant.

___ (c)2015 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151020-ZD-U-S-Department-of-Commerce-awards-nearly-10-Million-in-Power-Grants
-1020-20151020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                        Copyright 2015 The Hazard Herald

                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

BOOKS DISCLOSE DONATION HISTORY;

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell<P> betsyr@spokesman.com, (208) 336-2854<P>

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 388 words


The Coeur d'Alene Tribe agreed to open up its books to The Spokesman-Review on
its 5 percent education donations; here's what the figures show:

Since 1994, the tribe has donated $16.8 million to 58 recipients under the 5
percent requirement. Top recipients were the Plummer/Worley School District,
$3.1 million; Coeur d'Alene Tribal School in DeSmet, $2.8 million; Washington
State University Camp Larsen, $1 million; Cataldo Visitors Center, $769,829;
Kroc Center in Coeur d'Alene, $600,000; Coeur d'Alene tribal scholarship
program, $500,000; Sacred Encounters exhibit, $492,954; Idaho Meth Project,
$470,540; Rez Kast, a computer initiative on the reservation, $366,433;
University of Idaho, $338,056; and American Cancer Society Coaches vs. Cancer,
which raises money for cancer research, awareness and education, $322,046. Other
recipients included 16 Idaho school districts; two Catholic schools; a Nike
program for diabetes prevention among Native Americans; the tribe's adult
vocational training program; and North Idaho College, among others.

In 2011, based on fiscal year 2010 casino net proceeds, the tribe donated $1.5
million to 21 recipients. Top recipients were the Sacred Encounters exhibit,
$228,954; the tribe's FM Radio Project, $218,038; its Early Childhood Learning
Center, which serves both tribal and nontribal children, $156,717; the Idaho
Meth Project, $150,000; Gonzaga University, $130,000; American Cancer Society
Coaches vs. Cancer, $114,546; Plummer/Worley School District, $110,000; Kroc
Center, $100,000; and the University of Idaho, $69,652.

In 2010, based on 2009 casino net proceeds, the tribe donated $1.8 million to 20
recipients. Top recipients were the Sacred Encounters exhibit, $264,000; the
early childhood learning center, $247,693; the Meth Project, $150,000; Gonzaga
University, $130,000; the Coeur d'Alene Language Program, $120,109;
Plummer/Worley School District, $110,000; Rez Kast, $108,811; American Cancer
Society Coaches vs. Cancer, $107,500; Kroc Center, $100,000; and the University
of Idaho, $73,404.

The tribe has just begun announcing its 2012 donations, based on 2011 casino
proceeds, including a $35,000 donation to a program for needy students in the
Post Falls school district announced Friday; it plans to announce more donations
to Idaho school districts next week.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: My Brother's Keeper Task Force: One-Year Progress Report to the
President

LENGTH: 878  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

On February 27, 2014, President Barack Obama launched "My Brother's Keeper"
(MBK) and issued a powerful call to action to close opportunity gaps still faced
by too many young people, and often by boys and young men of color in
particular. The President's announcement encouraged candid dialogues around the
country and a greater sense of responsibility among community leaders, and young
people themselves to put all youth in a position to thrive, regardless of their
race, gender, or socioeconomic status. Over the course of the past year, efforts
have advanced along three areas of focus based on the goals laid out in the MBK
Presidential Memorandum: state and local engagement, private sector action -
independent nonprofit, philanthropic and corporate action; and Public Policy
review and reform. The report being released today provides an update on all
three approaches over the course of a year since the MBK launch. You can find
the full report HERE.
State and Local Engagement: The MBK Community Challenge
Since late September 2014, nearly 200 mayors, tribal leaders, and county
executives across 43 states and the District of Columbia have accepted the MBK
Community Challenge in partnership with more than 2,000 individual
community-based allies. These "MBK Communities" are working with leading experts
in youth and community development to design and implement cradle-to-college
-and-career action plans. Within six months of accepting the Challenge, MBK
Communities commit to review local public policy, host action summits, and start
implementing their locally tailored action plans to address opportunity gaps.
MBK Communities are provided with technical assistance to develop, implement and
track plans of action from both federal agencies and independent organizations
with related expertise.

Challenge acceptors (full list) include:

The nation's five largest cities: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and
Philadelphia.
 Small cities and towns, including Prichard, AL, Berea, OH, Carlisle, PA, Holly
Hill, SC, and Ranson, WV.
 Cities with some of the highest African American populations, including
Detroit, Birmingham and Washington, DC.
 Cities with some of the highest Hispanic populations, including San Francisco,
Dallas, Miami and Phoenix.
 Seventeen Tribal Nations, including the Cherokee, Cheyenne River, Hoonah and
Navajo tribal nations.

Private-Sector Action: Business, Philanthropy and Nonprofit Action
Foundations, businesses, and social enterprises have responded to the
President's call to action by taking steps to ensure that communities have the
support they need and by providing funding and advice for aligned national
initiatives. More than $300 million in grants and in-kind resources have been
independently committed already to advance the mission of MBK, including
investments in safe and effective schools, mentoring programs, juvenile justice
reforms, and school redesign. For example, the Council of the Great City Schools
(CGCS) is coordinating the leaders of 63 of the largest urban school systems in
the country in a pledge to change life outcomes by better serving students at
every stage of their education; Prudential announced a commitment of $13 million
to support technical assistance for MBK Communities as well as impact
investments for innovative for-profit and nonprofit social purpose enterprises
that eliminate barriers to financial and social mobility; and on Christmas Day
2014, the NBA launched a public service announcement and campaign in partnership
with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership to recruit 25,000 new mentors
over the next five years.

Policy: The Federal Response

The MBK Task Force, an interagency working group of representatives of over ten
agencies across the Federal government, has encouraged and tracked
implementation of the recommendations outlined in the initial 90-day report
issued in May. Those efforts have led to greater focus on federal investments
that support evidence-based interventions. For example, grant programs, like the
Department of Labor's American Apprenticeship Initiative and the National Guard
Youth ChalleNGe, harness federal resources to create clearer pathways to success
by helping youth build both work and life skills. Public-private partnerships
like Youth Opportunity AmeriCorps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps and 21st Century
Conservation Service Corps are working with the Corporation for National and
Community Service to engage underserved youth in service that has the potential
to transform their lives and the communities they serve. Similarly, the
Departments of Education and Justice issued Correctional Education guidance to
help to ensure that incarcerated youth have the full protection of existing laws
and benefits. The federal government has also advanced its efforts to track
quality data for boys and young men of color and their peers.

Through MBK, this Administration will continue to improve transparency and
accountability to address persistent opportunity gaps at every level and improve
outcomes for all young people to ensure they have the opportunity to succeed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: My Brother's Keeper Task Force: One-Year Progress Report to the
President

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

On February 27, 2014, President Barack Obama launched "My Brother's Keeper"
(MBK) and issued a powerful call to action to close opportunity gaps still faced
by too many young people, and often by boys and young men of color in
particular. The President's announcement encouraged candid dialogues around the
country and a greater sense of responsibility among community leaders, and young
people themselves to put all youth in a position to thrive, regardless of their
race, gender, or socioeconomic status. Over the course of the past year, efforts
have advanced along three areas of focus based on the goals laid out in the MBK
Presidential Memorandum: state and local engagement, private sector action -
independent nonprofit, philanthropic and corporate action; and Public Policy
review and reform. The report being released today provides an update on all
three approaches over the course of a year since the MBK launch. You can find
the full report HERE.
State and Local Engagement: The MBK Community Challenge
Since late September 2014, nearly 200 mayors, tribal leaders, and county
executives across 43 states and the District of Columbia have accepted the MBK
Community Challenge in partnership with more than 2,000 individual
community-based allies. These "MBK Communities" are working with leading experts
in youth and community development to design and implement cradle-to-college
-and-career action plans. Within six months of accepting the Challenge, MBK
Communities commit to review local public policy, host action summits, and start
implementing their locally tailored action plans to address opportunity gaps.
MBK Communities are provided with technical assistance to develop, implement and
track plans of action from both federal agencies and independent organizations
with related expertise.

Challenge acceptors (full list) include:

The nation's five largest cities: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and
Philadelphia.
    Small cities and towns, including Prichard, AL, Berea, OH, Carlisle, PA,
Holly Hill, SC, and Ranson, WV.
    Cities with some of the highest African American populations, including
Detroit, Birmingham and Washington, DC.
    Cities with some of the highest Hispanic populations, including San
Francisco, Dallas, Miami and Phoenix.
    Seventeen Tribal Nations, including the Cherokee, Cheyenne River, Hoonah and
Navajo tribal nations.

Private-Sector Action: Business, Philanthropy and Nonprofit Action
Foundations, businesses, and social enterprises have responded to the
President's call to action by taking steps to ensure that communities have the
support they need and by providing funding and advice for aligned national
initiatives. More than $300 million in grants and in-kind resources have been
independently committed already to advance the mission of MBK, including
investments in safe and effective schools, mentoring programs, juvenile justice
reforms, and school redesign. For example, the Council of the Great City Schools
(CGCS) is coordinating the leaders of 63 of the largest urban school systems in
the country in a pledge to change life outcomes by better serving students at
every stage of their education; Prudential announced a commitment of $13 million
to support technical assistance for MBK Communities as well as impact
investments for innovative for-profit and nonprofit social purpose enterprises
that eliminate barriers to financial and social mobility; and on Christmas Day
2014, the NBA launched a public service announcement and campaign in partnership
with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership to recruit 25,000 new mentors
over the next five years.

Policy: The Federal Response

The MBK Task Force, an interagency working group of representatives of over ten
agencies across the Federal government,  has encouraged and tracked
implementation of the recommendations outlined in the initial 90-day report
issued in May. Those efforts have led to greater focus on federal investments
that support evidence-based interventions. For example, grant programs, like the
Department of Labor's American Apprenticeship Initiative and the National Guard
Youth ChalleNGe, harness federal resources to create clearer pathways to success
by helping youth build both work and life skills. Public-private partnerships
like Youth Opportunity AmeriCorps, School Turnaround AmeriCorps and 21st Century
Conservation Service Corps are working with the Corporation for National and
Community Service to engage underserved youth in service that has the potential
to transform their lives and the communities they serve. Similarly, the
Departments of Education and Justice issued Correctional Education guidance to
help to ensure that incarcerated youth have the full protection of existing laws
and benefits. The federal government has also advanced its efforts to track
quality data for boys and young men of color and their peers.

Through MBK, this Administration will continue to improve transparency and
accountability to address persistent opportunity gaps at every level and improve
outcomes for all young people to ensure they have the opportunity to succeed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: 10 Communities Named Rural IMPACT Demonstration Sites

LENGTH: 1359 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



  Over six million Americans in rural areas live in poverty, including about 1.5
million children. And in many of these communities, high rates of poverty have
persisted for generations: over 300 rural counties have had poverty rates of
over 20 percent in every Census since 1980. As President Obama has stated, "A
child's course in life should be determined not by the ZIP code she's born in,
but by the strength of her work ethic and the scope of her dreams." In many
rural places, that ZIP code equates to decreased access to critical services,
fewer educational opportunities, and limited job choices.





 President Obama has supported programs and strategies that respond to these
challenges to better serve rural kids and families. As a result of historic
investments in telehealth, for example, a rural family can access a world-class
specialist from their small-town clinic; and with evidence-based home visiting,
a young mother without reliable transportation can benefit from the advice and
support of a nurse without even leaving home. Further, through efforts like the
Promise Zones Initiative, the Administration has engaged in place-based efforts
that support community-driven approaches to improve quality of life and upward
mobility.



 Recognizing that every child, no matter where she is born, should have an
opportunity to succeed, in April the White House Rural Council launched " Rural
Impact", a cross-agency effort to combat poverty and improve upward mobility in
rural and tribal places. And in August, HHS announced a new demonstration
project, Rural Integration Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (IMPACT),
to help communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of
both vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. Often, programs are structured to serve either adults or
children, rather than focusing on the entire family to improve outcomes. The
Rural IMPACT Demonstration will help communities adopt a comprehensive,
whole-family framework for addressing child poverty, such as through
facilitating physical colocation of services, universal "no wrong door" intake,
referral networks, shared measurement systems, and use of technology to deliver
services.



 Following a process led by HHS that included communities submitting letters of
interest to participate in the Demonstration, today the Administration is
announcing 10 rural and tribal communities from across the country that will
participate in the Rural IMPACT Demonstration:



     Berea (KY), Partners for Education at Berea College (Serving Knox County,
KY)

     Blanding (UT), The San Juan Foundation (Serving San Juan County, UT)

     Blytheville (AR), Mississippi County, Arkansas Economic Opportunity
Commission, Inc. (Serving Mississippi County, AR)

     Hillsboro (OH), Highland County Community Action Organization, Inc.
(Serving Highland County, OH)

     Hugo (OK), Little Dixie Community Action Agency, Inc. (Serving Choctaw,
McCurtain and Pushmataha Counties)

     Jackson (MS), Friends of Children of Mississippi, Inc. (Serving Issaquena,
Sharkey and Humphreys Counties, MS)

     Machias (ME), Community Caring Collaborative (Serving Washington County,
ME)

     Marshalltown (IA), Mid-Iowa Community Action, Inc. (Serving Marshalltown,
IA)

     Oakland (MD), Garrett County Community Action Committee and the Allegany
Human Resources Commission (Serving Garrett and Allegany Counties, MD)

     White Earth (MN), White Earth Reservation Tribal Council (Serving Mahnomen
County and portions of Clearwater and Becker Counties)



 The Demonstration will be administered by HHS with support from the Community
Action Partnership and the American Academy of Pediatrics and implemented in
collaboration with the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Education, and Labor,
Appalachian Regional Commission, Delta Regional Authority, and the Corporation
for National and Community Service (CNCS).



 Demonstration communities will receive:



     A six-month planning period with targeted technical assistance (TA) to help
communities link programs and services;

     At least six months of additional TA to begin the implementation period,
during which sites will work to address system, policy, and program changes
targeting alleviation of child poverty;

     Partnership with CNCS to develop projects to place AmeriCorps VISTA
volunteers, helping local partners develop new or enhance existing antipoverty
programming, map community assets, and help build local community capacity;

     Participation in a peer learning network to facilitate the sharing of best
practices among sites facing similar opportunities and challenges; and

     Support from a federal interagency team to identify and address barriers to
cross-programmatic work.



 Leaders in two-generation strategies



 The Obama Administration recognizes several philanthropic and nonprofit
organizations that have been thought leaders in developing and implementing
two-generation strategies to program and service delivery. These organizations
stand at the forefront of efforts to tackle rural poverty through a
comprehensive, integrated approach, and the Administration looks forward to
creating opportunities to align its work through the Rural IMPACT Demonstration
with their networks and expertise.



     Casey Family Programs is the nation's largest operating foundation focused
on safely reducing the need for foster care by building Communities of Hope for
children and families across America.

     The Annie E. Casey Foundation is a private philanthropy that creates a
brighter future for the nation's children by developing solutions to strengthen
families, build paths to economic opportunity and transform struggling
communities into safer and healthier places to live, work and grow.

     Ascend at the Aspen Institute is the hub for breakthrough ideas and
collaborations that move children and their parents toward educational success
and economic security.



 The Obama Administration also recognizes the following organizations that have
longstanding engagements with Rural IMPACT Demonstration sites and will continue
their efforts in these communities.



     The Maine-based John T. Gorman Foundation is supporting the planning phase
of the Family Futures Downeast initiative in Machias, Maine, one of the Rural
IMPACT Demonstration sites. As part of its ongoing engagement with the project,
the Foundation today announced a $100,000 grant that will allow the initiative
to hire a Director and move forward with critical start-up activities.

     The Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation will continue its multiyear effort in
Mississippi County, providing grant investment and technical assistance to
support resident engagement, affordable housing, early childhood education, and
asset building services to strengthen the two-generation approach of the
Mississippi County Arkansas Economic Opportunity Commission, a Rural IMPACT
Demonstration site in the Arkansas Delta.



 Rural Child Poverty Telehealth Grants



 Today the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy at HHS is also announcing
funding for a new pilot program, the Rural Child Poverty Telehealth Network
Grant Program. This program will fund telehealth technology to link rural
children and their families to health and human services that may not be
available locally. Total funding of $3.9 million over three years will support
four communities using telehealth beyond the clinical health care setting to
meet the broader range of social service needs faced by rural kids and their
families who may be experiencing poverty.



 The communities receiving funding are:



     Georgia Partnership for Telehealth (Waycross, GA)

     Oglala Sioux Tribe of Pine Ridge Reservation (Pine Ridge, SD)

     University of Kansas Medical Center Research Institute (Kansas City, KS)

     University of New Mexico (Albuquerque, NM)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Special incentives package for FATA doctors planned

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 89

LENGTH: 577  words


The Federal government has planned a special incentives package for the doctors
posted in FATA to encourage them of serving patients in hospitals and basic
health units in hitherto backward tribal regions of the country.

Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in government hospitals and
Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs. 20,000 per
month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by the
government, a senior official of FATA Secretariat told on Monday.

The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in FATAs hospitals
were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign countries prefer
hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi and Quetta instead
of FATA due to poor law  and  order situation and unattractive financial
packages in latter.

The main objective of this endeavours of the government is to help motive
doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive financial
package to them. The official said the federal government would bear about
Rs.140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.

Similarly, he said the government would provide high powered generators to FATA
hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients.

The official said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for
provision of interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI
and Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.

This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large. The
official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted to
the competent forum for approval.

The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2.

The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of Radiology and
Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the government would
bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery.

This pilot project of the Federal Government would be launched simultaneously in
all tribal agencies and Frontier Regions. The patients would get full diagnostic
and treatment facilities free of costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million
have been proposed for the first phase of cancer treatment and that the amount
would be gradually increased.

Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has been
launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added. To encourage
Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend to Rs 13200 from Rs
5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet colleges of the country
while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in cadet colleges located
in Fata this year.

The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of North
Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year under
this head cleared.

He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs. 5000
while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters, MPhil
and Ph.D programmes.

These initiatives of the Federal government would certainly attract students
towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides providing best
medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Special incentives package for Fata doctors' planned

LENGTH: 580  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Federal Government has planned a special
incentives package for the doctors posted in Fata to encourage them of serving
patients in hospitals and basic health units in hitherto backward tribal regions
of the country.


 Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in Government
hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs.
20,000 per month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by
the Government, a senior official of Fata Secretariat told APP on Monday.
 The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in Fata's
hospitals were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign
countries prefer hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi
and Quetta instead of Fata due to poor law and order situation and unattractive
financial packages in latter.
 The main objective of this endeavours of the Government is to help \
motive doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive
financial package to them. The official said the Federal Government would bear
about Rs. 140million per year additional grant under this financial package
head.
 Similarly, he said the Government would provide high powered generators
to Fata hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients.  The
official said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for generators for
provision of interrupted medical services and laboratories tests X-Rays, CT, MRI
and Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.
 This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large.
The official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted
to the competent forum for approval.
 The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2.
 The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of
Radiology and Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the
Government would bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery.
 This pilot project of the Federal Government would be launched
simultaneously in all tribal agencies and Frontier Regions.
 The patients would get full diagnostic and treatment facilities free of
costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have been proposed for the first
phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would be gradually increased.
 Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has
been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added.
 To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend
to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet
colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in
cadet colleges located in Fata this year.
 The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of
North Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year
under this head cleared.
 He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs.
5000 while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters,
MPHIL and Ph.D programs.
 These initiatives of the Federal Government would certainly attract
students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Special incentives package for FATA doctors' planned

LENGTH: 581  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Federal government has planned a special
incentives package for the doctors posted in FATA to encourage them of serving
patients in hospitals and basic health units in hitherto backward tribal regions
of the country.


     Under this incentives package, each doctor posted in government
hospitals and Basic Health Units (BHU) would be given an additional grant of Rs.
20,000 per month besides his own monthly salary and allowances as prescribed by
the government, a senior official of FATA Secretariat told APP on Monday.
 The official said several vacancies of specialists doctors in FATA's
hospitals were laying vacant and most of doctors qualified from foreign
countries prefer hospitals in cities like Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore, Karachi
and Quetta instead of FATA due to poor law & order situation and unattractive
financial packages in latter.
 The main objective of this endeavours of the government is to help
motive doctors to serve patients in tribal areas by giving an attractive
financial package to them. The official said the federal government would bear
about Rs.140million per year additional grant under this financial package head.

 Similarly, he said the government would provide high powered generators
to FATA hospitals and BHUs for interrupted medical services to patients.
 The official said free Petroleum and diesel would be provided for
generators for provision of interrupted medical services and laboratories tests
X-Rays, CT, MRI and Ultrasound tests as prescribed by the doctors.
 This would help save time of doctors, paramedics and patients at large.
The official said PC-I of the project have been prepared and would be submitted
to the competent forum for approval.
 The official said a comprehensive programme for provision of free cancer
treatment to poor patients of Fata has been prepared that would be presented in
the Fata Development Working Party FDWP in upcoming meeting on April 2.
 The diagnosed poor patients would be referred to the Institute of
Radiology and Nuclear Medicine (IRNUM) Peshawar for further treatment and the
government would bear all their medical expenses till their complete recovery.
 This pilot project of the Federal Government would be launched
simultaneously in all tribal agencies and Frontier Regions.
 The patients would get full diagnostic and treatment facilities free of
costs at IRNUM Peshawar, adding Rs 50 million have been proposed for the first
phase of cancer treatment and that the amount would be gradually increased.
 Hepatitis Control Programme with initial cost of Rs. 193.98 million has
been launched in Fata to help patients of hepatitis C and B, he added.
 To encourage Fata students, the Federal Government has enhanced stipend
to Rs 13200 from Rs 5000 per annum for each Fata student reading in cadet
colleges of the country while Rs 13200 would be given to each student reading in
cadet colleges located in Fata this year.
 The official said provision of educational scholarship to students of
North Waziristan Agency has been resumed and all the pendency of the last year
under this head cleared.
 He said each student of Intermediate and Degree level has been given Rs.
5000 while Rs. 6000 per year are being paid to each student reading in Masters,
MPhil and Ph.D programmes.
 These initiatives of the Federal government would certainly attract
students towards education, IT, Medical and Engineering Sciences besides
providing best medical facilities to poor patients of Fata at their doorsteps.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Johnson Scholarship Foundation Commits $1 Million Endowment to
American Indian Entrepreneurship MBA

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Olympia


Gonzaga University, The State of Washington has issued the following News
release:

The Johnson Scholarship Foundation has pledged $1 million to Gonzaga
University's MBA in American Indian Entrepreneurship program to create an
endowment for student scholarships in honor of Diane and Ted Johnson. Gonzaga,
in partnership with the Foundation, will raise funds to match the gift thereby
ultimately creating a $2 million endowment to support the program. The endowment
was announced Sept. 21 at a Seattle event marking Diane's retirement from the
Board and honoring the Johnsons' years of service to the Foundation.

Diane, a former Foundation vice president and Board member, and Ted Johnson, the
former Foundation president, have been instrumental in guiding Foundation
strategy in support of entrepreneurship and business education within Native
American communities. Gonzaga's School of Business Administration created an MBA
in American Indian Entrepreneurship Program (MBA/AIE) in 2001with funding from
the Johnson Scholarship Foundation. Since that time, the Foundation has provided

 full scholarships for qualified Native American students.

The impact of the MBA in American Indian Entrepreneurship can be seen firsthand
in the opportunities pursued by its alumni. The 50-plus alumni of the program
have taken leadership positions large and small in their tribes and communities,
leveraging the education and experiences provided by the program to create
lasting change. Within their tribal communities, alumni like Richard Janssen
('07) and Monica LeBret ('09) are making a difference in how native communities
manage their resources and create new opportunities for growth and economic
development. As head of the Department of Natural Resources for the Confederated
Salish and Kootenai Tribes, Janssen manages one of the tribe's most precious
resources - the land. In her role as controller for the Kalispell Tribe, LeBret
manages the financial needs of a diversified and dynamic set of organizations,
initiatives, and community projects.

Many MBA/AIE alumni continue their investment in education by building new
education and learning opportunities for their people and their communities.
Sandra Bercier ('08) serves as interim director of the Native American Training
Institute - an organization that provides critical training in child welfare,
healthcare, and cultural awareness for all of North Dakota's tribal communities.
Haven Gourneau ('04) began her AIE experience as financial aid director of Fort
Peck Community College. This year, Gourneau assumed leadership of that same
institution as its president. Spike Bighorn ('05) began the program as a teacher
and education director at Fort Peck, and now pursues his mission to create
opportunities for native communities on a national level as associate deputy
bureau director for Indian Services at the Bureau of Indian Affairs in
Washington, D.C.

The MBA/AIE program provides graduates with the leadership and entrepreneurial
skills to advance Gonzaga's mission to educate women and men to become leaders
for others. Each new cohort begins in the summer with a six-week campus session.
The 35-credit, two-year program includes a second summer on campus as well.
Housing is provided for students and family members during summer sessions.
During fall and spring semesters, students are taught via distance learning and
an on-campus weekend. The structure, together with committed faculty and staff,
provides convenience, accessibility, one-on-one support and a cohesive cohort
model, all of which help ensure participants' success.

The Johnson Scholarship Foundation is active in diverse locations in the United
States and Canada and has a mission to assist disadvantaged people to obtain
education and employment. The Foundation believes education can empower
individuals to improve their economic circumstances and quality of life. JSF
invests in a number of programs that support the education and employment of
disabled, economically disadvantaged, and American Indian students.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.coma

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday

Sergeant's legacy lives on in his ventures

BYLINE: By Rubén Rosario

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Ruben Rosario; Local; Columnists

LENGTH: 929 words


The gift came as a surprise. But like most everything Bill Blake did in his
life, it came from the heart.

Blake, who died a year ago this week, called me to the front of an auditorium
and wrapped me in a quilted, multicolored blanket. This took place during
closing ceremonies of the first-ever Native American Law Enforcement Summit in
2005. This was his way of thanking me for, I guess, writing about a cause he was
most passionate about -- the plight of American Indian youths.

I would later learn that he wrapped me so that the two sides joined at the
front, completing the design. In American Indian tradition, the wearer becomes
the mythical center of the universe and the circle within the blanket.

The 17-year Minneapolis police sergeant and St. Paul native had tears in his
eyes as he was doing this, and I knew why.

His oldest daughter, Erica Rae, 20, had been accidentally shot and killed at a
western Wisconsin reservation two years earlier. Blake pledged to do all he
could to curb the gun violence and crime gripping American Indians. At that
time, a national study placed the crime rate in Indian country at more than
twice that of the non-Indian nation. The summit was born out of that father's
vow.

I pulled out the blanket this week in memory of Blake, who died Aug. 1, 2009,
from a brain aneurysm. The father of five was 45.

Part of his legacy is the summit, which will be held for the sixth time next
month and which continues to attract hundreds of law enforcement, tribal and
state leaders, and social service professionals.

Another legacy lives on with I-CARE (Indian Crime Awareness, Research and
Evaluation), perhaps the most ambitious and challenging of Blake's ideas.

'LOSING A GENERATION'

Blake wanted to create a better way for tribal police and Twin Cities cops to
share information on cross-jurisdictional crime trends as well as to better
track the movements of criminals or suspects. He knew that drug and human
traffickers and violent criminals often traveled from reservations to the urban
center as a way to escape the heat and keep police off balance.

"When you see people or the bodies of young men whose faces remind you of your
own family, that's hard to take,'' Blake, an enrolled member of the Red Lake
Band of Chippewa, told me years ago. "We are losing a generation, and I have to
do my part.''

Along with his Minneapolis police partner, Clint Letch, Blake secured a two-year
start-up federal grant to set up a computer system to link Minneapolis police
and tribal police agencies in Minnesota and Wisconsin.

Through NALES, the summit nonprofit, he and others enlisted the help of the
Criminal Justice Center for Innovation at Fox Valley Technical College in
Appleton, Wis.

Eight tribal communities in Minnesota, including the Red Lake Band of Chippewa,
and four others in western Wisconsin signed resolutions in the past two years to
allow for sharing of crime information.

Although it faces numerous funding and logistical challenges, I-CARE "remains a
very strong program," said Ed Krueger, director of the center, which acts as the
grant oversight and the project-funding agent.

"Bill Blake was a very unique individual who had the concern and commitment to
do the right things for the right reasons," said Krueger, who added that the
initiative, once off the ground, will be the first such partnership of its kind
in the nation.

"He translated that care and passion he had for tribal communities and youths to
demonstrated action," Krueger said.

CHALLENGES TO ENFORCEMENT

But major obstacles remain for I-CARE. Assistance is being sought to develop a
uniform crime-report method among tribal law-enforcement agencies. Hardware and
software upgrades pose other challenges. Record keeping is problematic, and some
rural agencies, as a tribal police chief confided this week, "are 20 years
behind the technology others have."

Training to analyze and detect crime trends, develop crime-fighting strategies
and other efforts are also needed.

Last week, the Senate Appropriations Committee approved U.S. Sen. Al Franken's
request to earmark $375,000 for I-CARE to a pending commerce, justice and
science funding bill. The funds will pay part of the salaries of two I-CARE
officer positions, as well as hire the services of a crime data analyst.

Letch, 44, a 17-year veteran of Cherokee heritage, now serves as I-CARE's
program director. Although the data-sharing system is not set yet, Letch says it
is taking place the old-school way.

"Before this, many of the tribal police chiefs did not even know each other or
who they were," Letch said. "Now, we have at least 13 tribal police chiefs who
know each other, are sharing crime information and engaging in dialogue about
common crime concerns."

Letch also serves as president of NALES, the summit group Blake established.

Along with the Minnesota Swarm, NALES co-sponsored "LaCrosse4Life," a youth
diversionary program taking place this week at the Fond du Lac reservation in
northeastern Minnesota.

Close to 40 kids from reservations in Minnesota and Wisconsin are learning to
play a game with ancestral roots.

"All this was never about Bill Blake or Clint Letch," Letch said by phone
Wednesday. "It was about youths and the community. You can't just simply say no
to kids about gangs and drugs. You have to give them alternatives."

I tell him about my blanket.

"That was Bill," he said. "He is sadly missed. Anybody that knew him loved him."

Ruben Rosario can be reached at 651-228-5454 or by e-mail at
rrosario@pioneerpress.com .

ONLINE

To read Ruben Rosario's 2003 column on Bill Blake, go to TwinCities.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Blake, a former Minneapolis police sergeant who died last year of
a brain aneurysm, helped secure a two-year federal grant to connect Minneapolis
police and tribal police agencies in Minnesota and Wisconsin. But technological
disparities among units have made doing so difficult.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $2.6 Million in Grants for Infrastructure and
Economic Development Projects on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack awarded $2.6 million in grants for
seven projects to support economic development and improve the economy on the
Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.





 "Investing in and rebuilding hard-hit communities are important parts of this
Administration's plan to ensure that every child has a fair chance at success,"
Vilsack said. "Working in conjunction with our public and private partners, USDA
is supporting much-needed infrastructure and economic development improvements
to help create jobs, improve access to education opportunities and quality,
affordable housing, and reduce crime throughout the Pine Ridge community."



 The projects being financed by USDA Rural Development include:



     $1.85 million for a Water and Waste Disposal grant to Oglala Sioux Tribe to
construct a cell for the solid waste landfill, construct a building, make
repairs and purchase equipment;

     $160,800 for a Community Facilities Tribal College Initiative grant to
Oglala Lakota College for a communications/phone system for the main campus in
Kyle;

     $134,259 for a Socially Disadvantaged Groups Grant to the InterTribal
Buffalo Council to provide training and teach best practices to socially
disadvantaged ag producers for disease management programs;

     $49,500 for a Rural Business Development Grant to the Value Added
Agriculture Development Center, based in Pierre, S.D., to teach local businesses
in Oglala Lakota County, which is on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, how to
commercially process and successfully market buffalo meat;

     $48,700 for a Community Facilities Grant to the Oglala Sioux Tribe
Department of Public Safety to purchase two police vehicles in Oglala;

     $18,800 for a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative grant to the
Oglala Sioux Tribe Department of Public Safety to purchase a police vehicle in
Oglala Lakota County.



 Also, USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture is providing:



     $375,000 for a Community Food Projects grant to the Thunder Valley
Development Corporation to strengthen food sovereignty on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The project will enhance local food systems through an agriculture
demonstration farm and education center that will include a community garden,
greenhouse, food education program and workforce development training for local
farmers. It also will establish a local food coalition to expand local, healthy
food distribution systems to food outlets on the reservation.



 Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.



 In April 2015, the Obama Administration designated the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe one of eight new Promise Zones. Promise
Zones are high-poverty communities where the federal government partners with
local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational opportunities,
leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public health and
address other community-identified priorities.



 USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron,
Mitchell, Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown and Yankton. For more
information, visit the USDA Rural Development website at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Payne, Jr. Bill Included in 2017 National Defense Authorization Act

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Donald Payne has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Donald M. Payne, Jr.'s (NJ-10) State and High-Risk Urban Area
Working Group Act (H.R. 4509) was included in the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 that won House passage today. The Congressman's
legislation requires decision-makers involved in disaster response planning to
work together to gain a complete understanding of a community's vulnerabilities
so that homeland security grant investments can be prioritized appropriately.





 "In my capacity as Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security's
Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I have
seen benefits realized, across the nation, from DHS' homeland security grant
programs," said Congressman Payne, Jr. "Communities throughout my district--from
Newark to Jersey City--have built robust capabilities to prevent, protect
against, and respond to terrorist attacks and natural disasters with State
Homeland Security Grant and Urban Area Security Initiative grant funding. As
successful as DHS' homeland security grant programs have been, however, more
needs to be done to ensure those who are responsible for various aspects of
disaster response plan, train, and exercise together before a disaster strikes."




 The State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act would:



     Require any State or high-risk urban area receiving funding under the State
Homeland Security Grant Program or the Urban Area Security Initiative to
establish a State planning committee or urban area working group to assist the
State in preparation and revision of threat and hazard identification and risk
assessments and determining effective funding priorities for grant funds;

     Require State planning committees and high-risk urban area working groups
to include representatives from each of the following stakeholder communities:
(1) local and tribal government officials; (2) emergency response providers
(fire service, law enforcement, emergency medical services and emergency
managers); (3) public health officials and appropriate medical practitioners;
(4) individuals representing educational institutions, including elementary
schools, community colleges, and other institutions of higher learning; (5)
State and regional interoperable communications coordinators, as appropriate;
and (6) State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate;

     Require members of the State planning committee or urban area working group
to be from the counties, cities, towns, and Indian tribes within the State or
high-risk urban area, including rural, high-population, and high-threat
jurisdictions; and

     Clarify that States or high-risk urban areas that already use a
multi-jurisdictional planning committee or commission that meets the
requirements of this act are not required to create a new State Planning
Committee or urban area working group.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Payne, Jr. Bill Included in 2017 National Defense Authorization Act

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Donald Payne has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Donald M. Payne, Jr.'s (NJ-10) State and High-Risk Urban Area
Working Group Act (H.R. 4509) was included in the National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 that won House passage today. The Congressman's
legislation requires decision-makers involved in disaster response planning to
work together to gain a complete understanding of a community's vulnerabilities
so that homeland security grant investments can be prioritized appropriately.





 "In my capacity as Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security's
Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I have
seen benefits realized, across the nation, from DHS' homeland security grant
programs," said Congressman Payne, Jr. "Communities throughout my district--from
Newark to Jersey City--have built robust capabilities to prevent, protect
against, and respond to terrorist attacks and natural disasters with State
Homeland Security Grant and Urban Area Security Initiative grant funding. As
successful as DHS' homeland security grant programs have been, however, more
needs to be done to ensure those who are responsible for various aspects of
disaster response plan, train, and exercise together before a disaster strikes."




 The State and High-Risk Urban Area Working Group Act would:



     Require any State or high-risk urban area receiving funding under the State
Homeland Security Grant Program or the Urban Area Security Initiative to
establish a State planning committee or urban area working group to assist the
State in preparation and revision of threat and hazard identification and risk
assessments and determining effective funding priorities for grant funds;

     Require State planning committees and high-risk urban area working groups
to include representatives from each of the following stakeholder communities:
(1) local and tribal government officials; (2) emergency response providers
(fire service, law enforcement, emergency medical services and emergency
managers); (3) public health officials and appropriate medical practitioners;
(4) individuals representing educational institutions, including elementary
schools, community colleges, and other institutions of higher learning; (5)
State and regional interoperable communications coordinators, as appropriate;
and (6) State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate;

     Require members of the State planning committee or urban area working group
to be from the counties, cities, towns, and Indian tribes within the State or
high-risk urban area, including rural, high-population, and high-threat
jurisdictions; and

     Clarify that States or high-risk urban areas that already use a
multi-jurisdictional planning committee or commission that meets the
requirements of this act are not required to create a new State Planning
Committee or urban area working group.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             May 24, 2005, Tuesday

Where to next for Tainui governance?

BYLINE: DEL LA VARIS Chimene

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 7; RAUPATU SETTLEMENT 10 YEARS ON

LENGTH: 1354 words


There are mixed views on how democracy has fared within Tainui, especially given
the power of the Kingitanga. Chimene del la Varis reports.

--------------------

WHEN Tainui signed its $ 170 million Raupatu settlement, it came with one
proviso -- the tribe must set up a democratic governance structure in which
everyone had a say.

But democracy was a weighty condition to impose on an iwi steeped in a culture
of reverence for the poetry, power, mysticism and traditions of its ruling
elite.

Since 1995, when the Raupatu deal was signed, tensions between supporters of the
emerging democracy and Kingitanga loyalists have sometimes created a regional
spectacle of operatic proportions -- complete with despotic leaders and the
fragility of a royal female protagonist.

In 1998, Tainui members had a postal referendum to determine what kind of
representation there would be. They opted to have three delegates for each of
the 61 raupatu signatory marae. Today, a further six marae have come on board,
swelling the electoral college to 67 marae and a total of 201 representatives.

Te Kauhanganui met for the first time in August, 1999.

But the fledgling parliament had barely teetered to its feet before media focus
was drawn, first, to the tribe's $ 40 million asset write-down, and since then
to upheavals in tribal leadership and management.

"It's been hurtful to the tribe because we seem to be in the news all the time,"
said Te Kaumaarua (board) head Kingi Porima this week.

A PhD student and past recipient of the Tumate Mahuta Memorial Postgraduate
Scholarship, Verna Tuteao, said absenteeism and apathy had diminished the
productivity of both levels of governance.

"I've been to two AGMs and there's never been a full complement of the
executive, with minimal attendance of the elected Te Kauhanganui
representatives. What does that say about our democracy?"

Mr Porima said such views were ill-founded. "At some special general meetings,
we have had difficulties getting members to drop their main employment."

Maori Party list candidate and chief executive of Huntly's Waahi Whanui, Hori
Awa, said Te Kauhanganui, while cumbersome, did guarantee marae communities a
voice.

"It is a big responsibility to represent your people. We need to make it clear
to our reps that they must commit to attending and participating fully in the Te
Kauhanganui process."

But Ms Tuteao said the inverted triangle, led by a dominant executive, didn't
work as a Maori model of governance.

"There is a culture of deference with the commoners below, following along
behind. The settlement was sold as a vehicle of self-governance but it hasn't
turned out that way."

But Mr Awa spoke in defence of the system. "We have a structure in place that is
relevant to whanau, hapu and iwi. It is up to ourselves to fully participate in
the process."

After taking part in the marae training programme at Hopuhopu from 1995 to 1998,
Ms Tuteao said she was sceptical about the agenda behind the induction.

She said there was a deliberate strategy of grooming young delegates in a
"culture of deference". In the grounds of Hopuhopu, a former military training
camp, she said, "young neophytes endured slick presentations, but the soldiers
of progress" had obedience to the tribal hierarchy drummed into them.

Mr Porima said he had worked hard to encourage an atmosphere of open questioning
and discussion in the Hopuhopu debating chamber.

"Unless they are straying from the topic, anyone and everyone is allowed to
express their views." The rule review submission process now under way gave
tribal members ample opportunity to have their input into a redefinition of the
regulations of governance.

The review is expected to result in changes to the tribe's controversial
eligibility clause as well as the separation of the chairmanship of the Te
Kauhanganui and Te Kaumaarua.

Mr Porima said one of the most meaningful changes in recent times for him had
been the healing of the rift created by the painful legal battle in 2000 which
pitted the Kingitanga against the board.

"There is no in-fighting," he said.

"The media have tried to whip up that trouble. Te Arikinui (Dame Te
Atairangikaahu, tribe monarch) has always been there in support of the tribe --
not in an iron-handed manner."

But the divisions are still felt deeply by those who were convinced by the High
Court judgment in November 2000 when Justice Hammond validated the legitimacy of
the democratically elected executive, calling Kingitanga "a taonga of the past"
and Te Kauhanganui "a taonga of the future".

Huntly kaumatua Robert Tukiri Sr said while he acknowledged the cultural
importance of the Kingitanga, he believed the movement imposed a heavy financial
burden on the tribe.

"Our people have got to stand up and understand the whole tribe suffered from
the land losses of raupatu, not just the Kingitanga. The priorities have got to
be clear. We have got poverty here in Huntly. Why isn't the money getting to the
people who are living on the breadline?"

Mr Tukiri said he disagreed with the tribe paying $ 1 million into an education
trust run by the family of the late Sir Robert Mahuta, the tribe's former
settlement negotiator, and with the purchase of a new limousine for Te
Arikinui's use.

Mr Porima passionately defended the role of the tribe's monarch.

"Te Arikinui has been Tainui's best ambassador, fulfilling her obligations to
attend public events . . . she is just carrying out the work Te Puea (former
Kingitanga leader) envisaged."

Mr Porima said most of the anger at the extravagance and investment losses
post-settlement had been dispelled by the respectable performance of the tribe's
commercial arm Tainui Group Holdings, which had sustained greater profits over
the past three years.

Progress made by the board in ensuring Hopuhopu's $ 15 million Endowed College
would soon fulfil its intended purpose as a centre for academic study and
research had also helped to reassure tribal members the board are now on track,
he said.

Tribal administration, he said, now based at the college, would move back to the
Hopuhopu complex in 2006 following the appointment of a manager to take charge
of the facility.

"The college will be open for enrolments in 2007 and it will be a fitting
memorial to Sir Robert Mahuta."

For those demanding greater response to the need of tribal members for
employment, housing, health and basic training, Mr Porima said, help was on the
way.

A review of social development will provide marae skill-based training
programmes and a greater investment in human capital through the marae
communities financed in part by tribal grants.

"The response to meetings of the tribal development unit has been outstanding,
with 60 or 70 people turning up to meetings," Mr Porima said.

Mr Awa said he saw devolution to marae level as being the key for the future of
the iwi. "We need to regain our confidence. Hapu development is evolving and
positive development for Tainui is positive for the whole Waikato."

Marae could already apply for special one-off grants of up to $ 150,000 to help
with social initiatives, said Mr Porima. The grant was available to each raupatu
marae once every 10 years.

Mr Tukiri said he was still waiting to see real change at a "flaxroots" level
within the tribe.

"I say to the rangatahi, 'you've got to have academic qualifications otherwise
you will end up on the dole queue'."

Education, said Mr Porima, had been the tribe's main priority.

"The next 10 years for the tribe, we should see the number of doctoral students
expanding so that it will be commonplace for Tainui members to go through to
tertiary education."

Mr Awa agreed.

"Part of the legacy of Te Kotahi (Sir Robert)," he said, "is the number of young
graduates now returning to their iwi to help the tribe move forward."

--------------------

CAPTION:

LOOKING AHEAD: Tainui executive head Kingi Porima says the whole tribe is in a
better mood after the healing of the rift created by the painful legal battle in
2000. PICTURE: Times files

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper

                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Cantwell, Udall, Tester Introduce Measure to Create Jobs by
Fostering Entrepreneurship in Indian Country

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator  Maria Cantwell has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Maria Cantwell (D-WA), Tom Udall (D-NM), and Jon Tester
(D-MT) introduced the Native American Business Incubators Program Act,
legislation to help launch small businesses and encourage job creation in Indian
Country.





 Their bill, S. 607, creates a competitive grant program to establish and fund
business incubators that will assist in cultivating Native American-owned small
businesses. The incubators will serve as a much-needed resource in Indian
Country, where entrepreneurs often face start-up challenges such as difficulty
accessing business loans, federal restrictions on leasing and other activities
on Tribal land, and proximity to cities since many Tribes are located in highly
rural areas.



 "It's critical we provide tools and training to help Native American
entrepreneurs thrive and strengthen the communities around them," said Cantwell.
"The Tribal business incubator program will help Northwest Tribes, who are often
in isolated regions of our state, build skills and expertise that can help
create jobs in our rural communities."



 "Small businesses are the engines of economic growth - and when Native American
small businesses succeed, they expand opportunity across Indian Country. As the
vice chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee and senator for New Mexico,
I am committed to finding new and creative ways to support entrepreneurs and
help create jobs in Indian Country," said Udall. "Our bill will provide
essential tools that will empower Native American business owners to develop an
effective business plan, cut through red tape, and gain access to the capital
they need to thrive."



 "Folks in Indian Country face unique obstacles when they take their business
from the drawing board to a storefront in their communities," said Tester. "By
providing Native American entrepreneurs with the space, networking, and
resources to start a business, they can launch their careers and hire folks
locally."



 Cantwell, Udall, and Tester's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive
grant initiative within the Interior Department's Office of Indian Energy and
Economic Development to establish or maintain business incubators that serve
Native American communities.



 "The National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development strongly
supports the recent revisions and reintroduction of the Native American Business
Incubators Program Act. This important legislation responds to our request for
robust development policies tailored to Indian Country's unique sovereign and
business characteristics and capabilities, and to incubating businesses and
assisting them with access to capital. We applaud Vice Chairman Tom Udall and
cosponsors, Senators Jon Tester, and Maria Cantwell, for working tirelessly to
address our concerns and take steps to create economic opportunities for Indian
Country," said Chris James, President & CEO of the National Center for American
Indian Enterprise Development (NCAIED).



 "NCAI is pleased that the Native American Business Incubators bill has been
introduced. This legislation provides opportunities for job creation and
economic development that will aid Tribal governments in bringing important
economic growth to Tribal communities. NCAI looks forward to working with the
Senate Committee on Indian Affairs and this Congress to enact this legislation,"
said Jacqueline Pata, Executive Director of the National Congress of American
Indians.



 Tribal business incubators will create a one-stop shop for Native American
entrepreneurs to access workspace, a collaborative environment, individualized
business skills training, and opportunities to build professional networks. The
Tribal incubators will promote economic growth by assisting Native American
entrepreneurs in navigating the regulatory complexities of Indian Country.




 Eligible grant applicants include Tribes, institutions of higher education,
Tribal colleges and universities, and non-profit organizations. To be considered
for a grant, eligible applicants must submit a comprehensive three-year plan,
provide a site description of a physical workspace, offer business skills
training and education, and meet other specific requirements. The bill gives
priority to business incubators sited in or near the reservation community the
applicant intends to serve.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

NRI duo on charity drive from UK to India

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 227 words


Ahmedabad: New Jersey residents, Kunal Modi and his wife Devanshi Gandhi have
set out on road trip from UK to India to raise $5,000 to help more than 100
tribal girls. The duo is being accompanied by their friend, Stephen Jen, a New
York-based software engineer.They've travelled from New Jersey to Ahmedabad
through 15 countries and are set to reach Mumbai next week. They've so far
covered over 10,000 miles in 85 days in their car."We started from USA, shipped
our car to the UK and started our journey from there. We covered Belgium,
Germany, Latvia, Kazakhstan, Russia, China and Myanmar, among other countries to
reach India," said Modi, a software engineer, who arrived in Ahmedabad on
Wednesday.The initiative is part of a project, Project Spark, under which the
trio is raising awareness and funds for Kedi School of tribal girls in Valsad.
"Our cause is just akin to a marathon where people run for a cause," said
Modi."The school provides relevant formal education, boarding, meals, clothing
and even medical care to these girls. They also provide vocational training to
tribal girls, which can prepare them to work and live in their own villages," he
added.Modi and his wife, Devanshi, a physiotherapist are also making attempts to
enrol the girls for a scholarship programme for their higher education and
betterment.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Washington: U.S. Department of Education and White House Initiative on American
Indian and Alaska Native Education Host Roundtable with Native Youth

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Indian Education and the White
House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska Native Education (WHIAIANE) will
host a roundtable with Native youth on Friday, July 22, in the Department's
library. Youth from the Pathkeepers Indigenous Knowledge Native Youth Culture
Camp in Culpeper, Virginia, will meet with Department officials and WHIAIANE
staff to discuss the importance of tradition, culture and Native languages. They
also will discuss issues related to school environment and how schools can be
more culturally sensitive to their needs.





 Last October, the Department released the School Environment Listening Sessions
Final Report on the first-ever tribal listening tour to hear from schools and
communities on ways to better meet the unique educational and culturally related
academic needs of Native American students. The report was a result of the nine
school environment listening sessions in seven states. Participants in the
listening sessions included Native youth, educators, parents and community
advocates. Information from the sessions has been a bright light in guiding
WHIAIANE's future work and goals--to address the unique and culturally related
academic needs of American Indian and Alaska Native students and to ensure that
they receive an excellent education.



 The Department has awarded more than $5.3 million in grants to help Native
American youth become college- and career-ready. Under the Native Youth
Community Projects (NYCP) program, the Department has awarded grants that are
impacting more than 30 tribes and involve more than 48 schools in nine states.
These awards are a demonstration of President Obama's strong commitment to
improving the lives of American Indian and Alaska Native children and a key
element of his Generation Indigenous "Gen I" Initiative to help Native American
youth.

 Event 1

 Who :



 Joyce Silverthorne, director, Office of Indian Education, U.S. Department of
Education

 Ron Lessard, chief of staff, White House Initiative on American Indian and
Alaska Native Education

 What :



 Native youth roundtable

 When :



 1:30-3 p.m. ET, Friday, July 22, 2016

 Where :



 U.S. Department of Education

 Lyndon Baines Johnson Library

 400 Maryland Ave., S.W.

 Washington D.C.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday

NMSU biomedical and community-based research program gets funding

BYLINE: Isabel A. Rodriguez idarling@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


LAS CRUCES >> The New Mexico IDeA Networks of Biomedical Research Excellence,
which fosters biomedical- and community-based research excellence in the state
of New Mexico, has received renewed funding from the Institutional Development
Award (IDeA) of more than $18 million over the next five years.

The network, which was developed in 2001, now includes several partners from
across the state, with New Mexico State University serving as the lead
institution. Director and NMSU College of Arts and Sciences Regents Professor
Jeffrey Arterburn was honored during an NMSU Scholarly Excellence Rally Dec. 5.

"The goal of the program is to advance biomedical research projects, address
clinical disease, to provide collaboration opportunities for faculty and student
researchers, to provide access to instrumentation, and for participants to
publish papers making them competitive for other grants," Arterburn said. "We
are a statewide network."

To date, the program has received more than $60 million in funding.

The New Mexico INBRE

supports multidisciplinary collaboration and resource sharing across biomedical-
and community-based researchers

strengthens participants' biomedical expertise and infrastructure

builds and increases institutional research base

supports research of faculty, postdoctoral and graduate students

provides outreach activities to students in the state network

enhances science and technology knowledge of state's workforce.

Participants are currently conducting research in various areas   among them
brain and behavioral health; cancer, cardiovascular, and metabolic disease;
child health; environmental health; and infectious diseases.

INBRE recently developed an exercise center at the Zuni Pueblo as part of an
initiative to eliminate health disparities. The community suffers from several
health disparities, including kidney disease and diabetes.

"This was built on relationships established between NMSU and the Zuni Pueblo,"
Arterburn said. "That was eye-opening to me. NIH officials visited the Zuni
Pueblo and the Zuni governor emphasized how much they need this. We hope that in
the next generation of the program, it spawns other collaborative
community-based research initiatives to address more specific health care issues
to improve lives."

NMSU participants are Kevin Houston, chemistry; Becky Keele, nursing; Patricia
Lodato, biology; Joe Song, computer science; and Timothy Wright, biology.

"Mentoring is so important at all stages," Arterburn said. "INBRE focuses on
early career faculty and we pair them with experienced, established scientific
mentors who understand the challenges and can help navigate the process. At this
point, over 32 faculty from the INBRE program have received tenure."

Partner institutions include the University of New Mexico, the New Mexico
Institute of Mining and Technology, the National Center for Genome Resources and
New Mexico Tribal Colleges, among others. Participants benefit from mentoring,
conference opportunities and grant writing and management skills.

INBRE's administrative staff at NMSU includes Laura Haas, operations and
evaluation director; Shelley Lusetti, coordinator; Carolyn Bizzell, program
manager; and undergraduate research assistant Shila Rimal.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NMSU photo Chemistry professor Jeffrey Arterburn speaks about the INBRE
program during a Scholarly Excellence Rally at O'Donnell Hall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Karuk and Yurok tribe leaders lauded for broadband project; technology will be
brought to rural Humboldt communities

BYLINE: Lorna Rodriguez/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 450 words


Karuk and Yurok tribe leaders were honored on Thursday for their tireless
efforts to bring broadband Internet service to rural Northern Humboldt by a
nonprofit that supports broadband deployment projects in California.

Karuk Tribe Informational Technology Director Eric Cutright and Yurok Tribe
Information Service Director Paul Romero were named 2014 broadband champions by
the California Emerging Technology Fund in San Francisco.

"The reason we're recognizing Eric and Paul is these two individuals, after
years of unmet promises by the Internet service providers and telecommunication
companies, decided they couldn't wait any longer," California Engineering
Technology Fund Director of Communications Mary Anne Ostrom said. "They got
together and formed a coalition to bring broadband to some of the farthest
reaches of (Northern) Humboldt County."

The Klamath River Rural Broadband Initiative will raise 1990s technology in
Orleans, Orick, Johnsons, Wautec and Weitchpec up to the level of what is in
large metropolitan areas, Cutright and Romero said.

Just over 82 miles of fiber optic cables will be installed thanks to a $6.6
million grant from the California Public Utilities Commission when the project
is complete.

"I think it's going to be life-changing," Cutright said.

People will be able to take online college courses, health centers will be able
to make health records electronic and law enforcement agencies will be able to
improve communication, he added.

The project also expands on a Karuk Tribe broadband project. In 2011, the tribe
received a $1.14 million grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
install fiber optic cables for broadband services in Orleans.

Both Cutright and Romero said they are honored to be broadband champions.

"It just feels really great and incredible to be recognized," Romero said. "I
just want everybody, not only the tribal government, but everyone on the
reservation to have access to what everybody else in the United States, for the
most part, has access to."

Cutright said he hopes to use this as an impetus to keep the projects moving
forward in order to help the tribal members and Humboldt County residents.

"They're the ones living in substandard conditions, meaning lack of utility
conditions," he said.

Ostrom said the nonprofit was looking for recipients who find solutions.

"Part of that includes being a leader, having a vision, being able to identify a
problem and solve it," she said. "Frankly, in this case, and in a lot of other
stories, are people who have been working on problems for a long time, and they
never gave up."

Lorna Rodriguez can be reached at 441-0506 or lrodriguez@times-standard.com
Follow her on Twitter @LornaARodriguez.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Washington: 2017-18 NEA Big Read Guidelines Now Available

LENGTH: 844  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Endowment for the Arts has issued the following news
release:



 Today the National Endowment for the Arts released the application guidelines
for 2017-2018 NEA Big Read grants. This is the first opportunity organizations
have to apply for programming around the 13 new titles added to the NEA Big
Read, which include Claudia Rankine's Citizen: An American Lyric, To Live by Yu
Hua (translated from the Chinese by Michael Berry), and Pretty Monsters by Kelly
Link. In total, applicants can choose from 28 titles, including novels, short
stories, memoirs, poetry, and books in translation for their community reading
program.





 "The NEA Big Read program is heading in a new, more contemporary direction and
I'm eager to see how applicants -- both new and seasoned -- respond," said NEA
Director of Literature Amy Stolls. "I've been deeply inspired by how imaginative
organizations in the past have been in drawing out the rich worlds and complex
ideas of our book selections through innovative programming, meaningful
conversations, and far-reaching community involvement."



 An initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts, the NEA Big Read broadens
our understanding of our world, our communities, and ourselves through the joy
of sharing a good book. Showcasing a diverse range of contemporary titles that
reflect many different voices and perspectives, the NEA Big Read aims to inspire
conversation and discovery. The main feature of the initiative is a grants
program, managed by Arts Midwest, which annually supports approximately 75
dynamic community reading programs, each designed around a single NEA Big Read
selection.



 Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations such as arts centers, arts
councils, arts organizations, colleges and universities, community service
organizations, environmental organizations, fairs and festivals, faith-based
organizations, historical societies, housing authorities, humanities councils,
libraries, literary centers, museums, school districts, trade associations, and
tribal governments. The application deadline is Thursday, January 26, 2017 at
4:00pm CST for NEA Big Read programs taking place between September 2017 and
June 2018. Full details on eligibility and how to apply are available here. A
video explaining the application process is available here.



 In addition, the National Endowment for the Arts and Arts Midwest will co-host
a public webinar about the NEA Big Read on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 from
3:00-4:00 pm ET. It is free and open to the public. Led by NEA Director of
Literature Amy Stolls, the webinar will include a discussion about the books
included in the NEA Big Read Library, with a focus on the 13 new additions.
Participants will be encouraged to ask questions about the books and their
authors, as well as about the application process. Please register in advance.
You may listen using your computer's speakers or dial in to 1-877-685-5350 and
use participant code: 739587. Attendees will be muted but able to type in
questions and comments through a text Q&A box. An archive of the webinar will be
available at http://arts.gov/videos/webinars.



 About the National Endowment for the Arts



 Established by Congress in 1965, the NEA is the independent federal agency
whose funding and support gives Americans the opportunity to participate in the
arts, exercise their imaginations, and develop their creative capacities.
Through partnerships with state arts agencies, local leaders, other federal
agencies, and the philanthropic sector, the NEA supports arts learning, affirms
and celebrates America's rich and diverse cultural heritage, and extends its
work to promote equal access to the arts in every community across America. This
year marks the 50th anniversary of the National Endowment for the Arts and the
agency is celebrating this milestone with events and activities through 2016. Go
to arts.gov/50th to enjoy art stories from around the nation, peruse Facts &
Figures, and check out the anniversary timeline.



 About Arts Midwest



 Arts Midwest, a non-profit regional arts organization headquartered in
Minneapolis, serves audiences, arts organizations and artists throughout the
nine state region of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, North Dakota,
Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. One of six non-profit regional arts
organizations in the United States, Arts Midwest's history spans more than 30
years. Arts Midwest promotes creativity, nurtures cultural leadership, and
engages people in meaningful arts experiences, bringing vitality to Midwest
communities and enriching people's lives. Annually, cultural programs initiated
by Arts Midwest reach close to a million people, enhancing the quality of life
in hundreds of cities, towns, and rural areas. Arts Midwest's high-quality
cultural activities, in a spectrum of artistic genres, reach school children,
university students, families, and adults of all ages.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Washington: 2017-18 NEA Big Read Guidelines Now Available

LENGTH: 844  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Endowment for the Arts has issued the following news
release:



 Today the National Endowment for the Arts released the application guidelines
for 2017-2018 NEA Big Read grants. This is the first opportunity organizations
have to apply for programming around the 13 new titles added to the NEA Big
Read, which include Claudia Rankine's Citizen: An American Lyric, To Live by Yu
Hua (translated from the Chinese by Michael Berry), and Pretty Monsters by Kelly
Link. In total, applicants can choose from 28 titles, including novels, short
stories, memoirs, poetry, and books in translation for their community reading
program.





 "The NEA Big Read program is heading in a new, more contemporary direction and
I'm eager to see how applicants -- both new and seasoned -- respond," said NEA
Director of Literature Amy Stolls. "I've been deeply inspired by how imaginative
organizations in the past have been in drawing out the rich worlds and complex
ideas of our book selections through innovative programming, meaningful
conversations, and far-reaching community involvement."



 An initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts, the NEA Big Read broadens
our understanding of our world, our communities, and ourselves through the joy
of sharing a good book. Showcasing a diverse range of contemporary titles that
reflect many different voices and perspectives, the NEA Big Read aims to inspire
conversation and discovery. The main feature of the initiative is a grants
program, managed by Arts Midwest, which annually supports approximately 75
dynamic community reading programs, each designed around a single NEA Big Read
selection.



 Eligible applicants include nonprofit organizations such as arts centers, arts
councils, arts organizations, colleges and universities, community service
organizations, environmental organizations, fairs and festivals, faith-based
organizations, historical societies, housing authorities, humanities councils,
libraries, literary centers, museums, school districts, trade associations, and
tribal governments. The application deadline is Thursday, January 26, 2017 at
4:00pm CST for NEA Big Read programs taking place between September 2017 and
June 2018. Full details on eligibility and how to apply are available here. A
video explaining the application process is available here.



 In addition, the National Endowment for the Arts and Arts Midwest will co-host
a public webinar about the NEA Big Read on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 from
3:00-4:00 pm ET. It is free and open to the public. Led by NEA Director of
Literature Amy Stolls, the webinar will include a discussion about the books
included in the NEA Big Read Library, with a focus on the 13 new additions.
Participants will be encouraged to ask questions about the books and their
authors, as well as about the application process. Please register in advance.
You may listen using your computer's speakers or dial in to 1-877-685-5350 and
use participant code: 739587. Attendees will be muted but able to type in
questions and comments through a text Q&A box. An archive of the webinar will be
available at http://arts.gov/videos/webinars.



 About the National Endowment for the Arts



 Established by Congress in 1965, the NEA is the independent federal agency
whose funding and support gives Americans the opportunity to participate in the
arts, exercise their imaginations, and develop their creative capacities.
Through partnerships with state arts agencies, local leaders, other federal
agencies, and the philanthropic sector, the NEA supports arts learning, affirms
and celebrates America's rich and diverse cultural heritage, and extends its
work to promote equal access to the arts in every community across America. This
year marks the 50th anniversary of the National Endowment for the Arts and the
agency is celebrating this milestone with events and activities through 2016. Go
to arts.gov/50th to enjoy art stories from around the nation, peruse Facts &
Figures, and check out the anniversary timeline.



 About Arts Midwest



 Arts Midwest, a non-profit regional arts organization headquartered in
Minneapolis, serves audiences, arts organizations and artists throughout the
nine state region of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, North Dakota,
Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. One of six non-profit regional arts
organizations in the United States, Arts Midwest's history spans more than 30
years. Arts Midwest promotes creativity, nurtures cultural leadership, and
engages people in meaningful arts experiences, bringing vitality to Midwest
communities and enriching people's lives. Annually, cultural programs initiated
by Arts Midwest reach close to a million people, enhancing the quality of life
in hundreds of cities, towns, and rural areas. Arts Midwest's high-quality
cultural activities, in a spectrum of artistic genres, reach school children,
university students, families, and adults of all ages.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2005 Alaska Bar Association
                               The Alaska Bar Rag

                               April - June, 2005

                                29 AK Bar Rag 34

LENGTH: 594 words

ARTICLE: ALASKA TEACHING JUSTICE NETWORK 2ND ANNUAL "EDUCATING ON LAW &
DEMOCRACY CONFERENCE"

TEXT:
 [*34]  On March 4, 2005, courtrooms in the Rabinowitz Courthouse in Fairbanks
were turned into classrooms for the Alaska Teaching Justice Network's 2nd Annual
Educating on Law & Democracy conference. Over 50 teachers, lawyers, judges,
Youth Court leaders, and others interested in advancing law-related education
gathered for a day of workshops on such topics as Teaching About The U.S.
Supreme Court: A Moot Court Approach; Youth Courts, Mediation & Peacemaking in
Your School and Community, and Mock Trials: Bringing the Legal Process to Life.
Over a dozen communities were represented, with teachers attending from
Alakanuk, Anchorage, Bethel, Delta Junction, Douglas, Dutch Harbor, Elim,
Kotzebue, and Valdez as well as the Fairbanks area.

   [SEE PHOTO IN ORIGINAL]

Presiding Judge Niesle Steinkruger, MC Liberty ot the conference reception,
visits with Margaret Fisher, Law-Related Education Coordinator for the
Washington State Courts, and Judge Jane Kauvar, Fairbanks District Court, after
awarding the many law-related door prizes.

   The conference was co-sponsored by the Alaska Court System and the Alaska Bar
Association with support from a grant from Youth for Justice, a program of the
federal Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention. Other national
supporters included the Constitutional Rights Foundation Chicago and StreetLaw,
Inc. Fairbanks District Court Judge Ray Funk and Tanana Middle School teacher
Annie Brenner Armstrong served as Co-Chairs for the event. Major contributors
included: Chugach Electric Association (Red, White & Blue sponsor);
ConocoPhillips Alaska, Inc. (Blue & Gold sponsor); Justice Dana Fabe & Randy
Simpson (Justice sponsors); Sonosky Chambers Sachse Miller & Munson (Justice
sponsor); Jim & Nancy Dewitt (Liberty sponsors); and Davison & Davison, Inc.
(Liberty sponsor).

   [SEE PHOTO IN ORIGINAL]

Fairbanks North Star Youth Court members served as host during the conference.
Here, several display the door prizes they received during the closing
reception. Hosts included: David charron, Alex Everett, Dylan Hitchcock, Patrick
Trometter, Michael Walsh and Hannah Zelsel.

   [SEE PHOTO IN ORIGINAL]

Speakers during the Opening Session of the conference addressed the topic
Fostering Civic Engagement: Why Education for Citizenship Matters, and included,
L-R: Prof. Diane Hirshberg, Institute of Economic and Social Policy, UAA; Sandy
Mcgill, Assistant Superintendent for Secondary Instruction, Fairbanks North Star
Borough School District (FNSBSD); Prof. Letitia Fickel, college of education
UAA; and peggy Carlson, Curriculum, Director, FNSBSD. Hirshberg is Research
Co-Director and Fickel is Project Co-Director of the Alaska Civic Learning
Assessment Project, a current initiative of the Alaska Teaching Justice Network
Under a grant from the Campaing for the civic Mission of Schools.

   [SEE PHOTO IN ORIGINAL]

Presenters gather after the workshop entitled The Indian Child Welfare Act: A
Case Study on Alaskan Tribal Courts, which featured a mock state court hearing
and a mock tribal court hearing. L-R: Sue Hollingsworth, Tribal Courts
Specialist, Tanana Chiefs Conference; Poke Haffner, Attorney General's Office;
Paul Canarsky, Public Defender Agency; Judge Richard Carroll, Jr., Gwichyaa Zhee
Tribal Court, Fort Yukon; (actress, name unknown); Prof. Paul Ongtoguk, College
of Education, University of Alaska Anchorage; Judge Jerry Isaac, Tanacross
Tribal Court; and Susan Carney, Office of Public Advocacy.

All photos by Barbara Hood

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsCourtsJudgesGovernmentsNative AmericansIndian Child Welfare ActPublic
Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative Americans

                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 9, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Foundation funds 29 grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 605 words


The Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation announced Friday the
distribution of $1.85 million in grants to 29 journalism organizations
nationwide.

Edith Kinney Gaylord established the foundation in 1982 to support local and
national efforts to improve the quality of journalism. President and CEO Bob
Ross said the foundation invests in the future of journalism by building the
ethics, skills and opportunities needed to advance principled, probing news and
information.

"Edith Kinney Gaylord devoted her life to the news business," Ross said. "We are
pleased to continue her legacy by funding the organizations announced today,
each striving to encourage high quality and ethical decision making in all
media."

The grants  $180,000 to the Center for Public Integrity for the second phase of
the Pearl Project, a faculty and student initiative at Georgetown that
investigated the circumstances of reporter Daniel Pearl's kidnapping and murder.

$170,000 to the Carole Kneeland Project for Responsible Television Journalism
for its Newsroom Leadership Conference and Advanced Media Leadership Seminar.

$150,000 to iFOCOS for operating support and for Pitch It, a competition to
identify promising early stage and innovative media projects.

$110,000 to the Associated Press Managing Editors Association Foundation for
NewsTrain regional training workshops and the Online Journalism Credibility
Project, a project to test innovative and model approaches in online news.

$88,000 to George Washington University for the Kalb Report, four forums that
will be held at the National Press Club in Washington.

$75,000 to the Center for Investigative Reporting for the Cold Case Truth and
Justice Project, a multipartner, multiplatform effort that will look back at the
unresolved history of the South during the civil rights era.

$73,000 to the National Press Foundation for Understanding Violent Weather, a
four-day seminar taught by University of Oklahoma journalism and meteorology
faculty and experts from the National Severe Storms Laboratory and Storm
Prediction Center.

$70,000 to the University of Oklahoma for Oklahoma Institute for Diversity in
Journalism summer workshops for high school students.

$57,000 to American University for J-Lab: the Institute for Interactive
Journalism to support training, a summit and an initiative examining how
conventional journalism differs from citizen news reporting and digital news.

$50,000 to Youth News Service Los Angeles Bureau for community-based teen news
bureaus and workshops that focus on ethical reporting and investigative
journalism.

$50,000 to South Dakota State University for distance learning journalism
courses for tribal colleges.

$40,400 to Oklahoma Newspaper Foundation for its summer Internship Program,
which places college journalism students in Oklahoma newsrooms.

$30,000 to the Fund for American Studies for the Institute on Political
Journalism, a hands-on summer training program for undergraduates.

$30,000 to Debatepedia, an online wiki encyclopedia of pro and con arguments in
public debates.

Other grants  Other grants went to Brandeis University; the Daniel Pearl
Foundation; Eric Friedheim National Journalism Library at the National Press
Club; Mid-America Press Institute Foundation; Midwestern Innocence Project;
NAMME Foundation; North American Street Newspaper Association; Pundit
Productions; Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press; Student Press Law
Center; University of California-Berkeley; University of Colorado; University of
Southern Mississippi; Vietnamese American Association; and the Washington Center
for Politics and Journalism.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Department of Justice Awards Over $700,000 to Portland State
University Law Enforcement and Justice Initiatives

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The Department of Justice (DOJ) has announced grant program awards in excess of
$700,000 will be given to Portland State University (PSU) in support of four
campus law enforcement and community justice initiatives. The awards recognize
and support the work of both law enforcement and universities in developing new
and innovative ways of administering justice programs on and off campus.



 The funded programs vary in size, scope and subject matter. A $400,000 grant
has been awarded by the DOJ Office on Violence Against Women (OVW) in support of
a research partnership between PSU, the Center for Court Innovation, Multnomah
County Family Court, and additional community partners. The goal of the project
is to generate culturally responsive practices and policies related to
procedural justice for survivors of domestic violence.

 "We're thrilled to be conducting one of the very first DOJ grant projects of
this kind in the family court setting," said Anna Rockhill, a senior research
associate at PSU's School of Social Work and co-principal investigator on the
project. "We hope to deepen our understanding of the needs of a variety of
different cultural and linguistic minority groups and turn those insights into
concrete practice and policy recommendations."

 The DOJ Office of Sex Offender Sentencing, Monitoring, Apprehending,
Registering, and Tracking (SMART) will give $250,000 to PSU to expand an
initiative aimed at reducing sexual violence on college campuses. The additional
award will augment a three-year $750,000 award received in 2015-2016 to develop
a "situation-based" prevention approach to address campus sexual assault.

 In the first phase of the project, PSU College of Liberal Arts and Sciences
psychology professor Keith L. Kaufman and co-investigator Sarah McMahon of
Rutgers University will tailor Kaufman's four-step "Situational Prevention
Approach" to help identify and address risk factors that can lead to sexual
assault. Phase one sites include PSU, Rutgers, and Portland Community College.
In the second phase, they will use the resulting implementation manual to guide
five additional campuses' use of the approach and gather feedback to finalize it
for national dissemination. The five phase two campuses are: Penn State
University, Catholic University, Fairleigh Dickinson University, Northern
Virginia Community College, and Linfield College. The new, supplemental award
will allow for the inclusion of all five colleges and universities in the
critical second phase of the development process.

 "Having more campus participants will allow us to strengthen the Campus
Situational Prevention Approach to more fully realize its potential to address
campus sexual assault," Kaufman said.

 The National Institute of Justice (NIJ), the Justice Department's lead research
and evaluation organization, seeks to improve knowledge and understanding of
crime and justice issues through science. NIJ has awarded PSU nearly $40,000 to
support National Archive of Criminal Justice Data (NACJD) evaluation and
analysis to help criminal justice agencies make informed decisions about the
types of research programs they invest and participate in.

 Finally, the PSU Campus Public Safety Office will receive $20,000 as part of
the Justice Department's Body-Worn Camera Program.

 Each year, the Justice Department offers hundreds of funding opportunities to
support law enforcement and public safety activities in state, local and tribal
jurisdictions; to assist victims of crime; to provide training and technical
assistance; to conduct research; and to implement programs that improve the
criminal, civil, and juvenile justice systems.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2012

Grant funds on tap for literacy

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 277  words


The Coalition for Conservation and Environmental Education (C2E2), a natural
resource nonprofit organization and affiliate of the North American Association
for Environmental Education (NAAEE), partnered with the other state affiliates
in Region 8 of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and has received
$15,000 in grant funds for North Dakota. All participating nonprofits in each
state share the common goal of strengthening environmental literacy (education)
for PreK-12 students and teachers, and each received equal EPA funds to support
their goals.

In order to conserve, improve or utilize the environment of the state for the
benefit of all citizens, C2E2 will target the EPA grant funds to help promote
awareness and knowledge regarding the conservation and wise use of our natural
resources. C2E2 will be awarding two $2,500 grants for new or start-up
initiatives, and ten $ 1,000 grants that strengthen PreK-12 environmental
education.

The deadline to apply for ND grant funds is October 29. There is a 25 percent
match of cash or in-kind required. Any local or tribal education agency,
college, university, state education or environmental agency, or nonprofit
organization may submit a proposal. A teacher's school district, an educator's
nonprofit, or a faculty member's college or university may apply, but an
individual teacher or faculty member may not apply.

A fillable pdf grant application can be found on the C2E2 web site at
http://c2e2.gscience.org. Additional information about the regional EPA grant
award can be found at www.usee.org/resources/region8gra nts. For more
information, contact C2E2 President Glenda Fauske at (701)228-5446.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Turtle Mountain Star

                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      August 27, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Lupus Initiative Launches National Program to Develop Transformative Care Model;
Embarks on Initiative with Collaborative Partners to Expand Lupus Health Care
Access to Underserved Populations

LENGTH: 584  words


Aug. 27 -- The American College of Rheumatology's (ACR) The Lupus Initiative
(TLI) announced the award of a one-year, $500,000 grant from the Office of
Minority Health (OMH) to expand its established, national education program by
developing an evidence-based program model intended to improve health outcomes
for people with lupus.

The award will help TLI establish a model to bring sorely needed education to
health providers, as well as specialty care to patients living in rural and
underserved areas who are suffering from lupus - a serious, complex chronic
autoimmune condition.

"TLI is committed to developing a scalable and sustainable program model that
can be replicated by other organizations for lupus and other diseases," said
Sheryl McCalla, JD., TLI Project Director and ACR Senior Director, Collaborative
Initiatives. "We believe the approach TLI is developing will help bring
clinically, culturally, and linguistically competent lupus care to underserved
rural and micropolitan communities across America."

Ultimately, TLI aims to develop an evidence-based program model that effectively
addresses the barriers to diagnosis, treatment, and disease management for
minorities impacted by lupus, often due to limited access to lupus educational
curricula tools and resources that currently exist among practicing health
professionals.

To accomplish this, TLI will work collaboratively within an established national
network of agencies and organizations. "The model will allow for primary care
providers to treat a person with lupus on their own, or co-manage with a
geographically-distant rheumatologist, until an appropriate referral can be
made. Additionally, we will focus on increasing the awareness of the people in
these "silent spaces" about lupus' signs and symptoms," said McCalla.

"This model will be the first of its kind to establish a method to penetrate the
most difficult to reach, but most affected, populations: African Americans and
American Indian/Alaska Native communities in rural and micropolitan areas of the
U.S. where there is a shortage of rheumatologists," said Sam Lim, MD, MPH,
Associate Professor of Medicine and Epidemiology at Emory University and a
nationally recognized lupus expert.

"Lupus can be a debilitating, chronic illnesses but it could be managed if
resources were available," said Dr. Lim. "TLI will establish an evidence-based
model that other organizations, communities, and agencies can replicate to
deliver provider education and access to care for patients in need."

TLI will expand upon its existing infrastructure of partner organizations,
resulting in one of the largest, national formal collaborations of lupus
stakeholders. The collaborative partners for this current grant include the
following stakeholders:

* Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium

* Emory University School of Medicine

* Georgia Charitable Care Network

* National Association of Chronic Disease Directors

* Southwest Georgia Area Health Education Center

* Oregon Area Health Education Center

* Northwestern University

* Morehouse School of Medicine

Established in 2009, TLI has received multiple awards from the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services to develop educational resources for medical
providers and for persons with lupus and their families and caregivers to assist
them in the recognition, diagnosis, treatment, and management of lupus. To date,
evaluation results demonstrate the programs have been successful and impactful.

Source: American College of Rheumatology

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Pakistan: Higher Education opportunities programme gets underway in FATA

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, June 03 -- Under the administrative support

of Directorate Education FATA, the Higher Education Commission (HEC)

has launched third phase of its higher education scholarship

program for prospective undergraduate and postgraduate students

representing the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in an effort to

provide them with the opportunities at par with the rest of the country.

This progressive initiative is a part of the Federal Government

sponsored "Provision of Higher Education Opportunities for Students

of Balochistan and FATA" project envisaged to provide financial

assistance to 1300 undergraduate and 700 postgraduate students over a

period of 7 years in some of the leading national institutions.

Similarly the project also integrates 10 PhD journalists belonging to

FATA in international universities.

In an official communication by the Directorate of

Information FATA here Wednesday, it was reported that arrangements

have been made to conduct a "Foundation Course" at Peshawar for FATA

students aspiring to take undergraduate studies at some of the

topnotch national institutions.

This four to six weeks crash course is aimed at enhancing the

analytical, writing and comprehension skills of these students in

Mathematics, English, Pakistan Affairs and Islamic Studies in order

to prepare them to compete in the selection test for the award of

scholarships which will be advertised later. All the expenses of the

Foundation Course will be borne by the HEC in addition to provision

of Rs. 5,000 to each participant as stipend.

An official from the Directorate of Information FATA

said that the scholarship awards will be initially valid for one

semester (4 months) to a maximum total duration of 4 years in case

of undergraduate and 2 years for postgraduate taught programs,

subject to satisfactory performance of the scholars.

While the tuition fees will be paid directly to the partner

institutions, other allowances such as stipend, stationary and

traveling will be payable to the scholars on quarterly basis. "90

percent scholarships will be awarded to those students who have

passed their higher secondary examinations from schools situated

within the Tribal Areas, falling under the FATA In category, whereas,

the remaining ten percent seats have been reserved for FATA Out

applicants", he added.

The scholarships will be given purely on merit in a

transparent manner for which a competitive testing mechanism is

already in place.

"FATA has no dearth of talented and hardworking youth. Given the

opportunities, they can rise to the highest ranks in academic and

intellectual pursuits.That is the reason why, our Government has attached
immense importance to the successful and impartial application of the project
deliverables", the official from the Directorate of Information

affirmed. Application forms, sample question papers and essential

details can be accessed and downloaded from the HEC's official website.

It was also learnt that for the 4 years undergraduate

program, each scholar will be entitled to a tuition grant of Rs

20,000 per semester in addition to monthly living allowance of Rs

5,000 and annual grants of Rs 3,000 and Rs 2,000 for stationary and

travelling respectively. Moreover, one time settlement allowance of

Rs 8,000 will also be paid to each student enrolled under the

undergraduate scholarship program.

As far as the postgraduate taught program is concerned, Rs 30,000

per semester per scholar will be paid in addition to Rs 6,000 per

month as living allowance, Rs 5,000 for stationary requirements and

Rs 2,000 to cover for travelling expenses. One time funding of Rs

10,000 and Rs 5,000 will also be given to these postgraduate

scholars on account of settlement and thesis charges respectivel Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Remarks by LSC Board Chair John G. Levi | LSC Board Meeting |
October 2016

LENGTH: 1718  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Legal Service Corporation has issued the following news release:



 I am John Levi and it is my distinct honor to serve as the 10th Chairman of the
Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.



 Thank you for joining us today for these discussions on the importance of
access to justice in our country.





 I want to thank the University of New Mexico School of Law for making this
impressive facility available to us.



 But most of all, I want to thank the law school for Gloria Valencia-Weber, a
professor here and an invaluable LSC Board member who was instrumental in
bringing together these meetings.



 We will be privileged in a few minutes to hear from one of the co-deans of the
Law School, Sergio Pareja, as well as New Mexico's outstanding Attorney General
Hector Balderas.



 This afternoon's program features two panel discussions.



 In the first, distinguished jurists from around the region will explore the
importance of access to justice to the judiciary, especially in reference to
children's unmet legal needs and the collaboration of tribal and state courts.



 The discussion will be moderated by LSC's Vice Chair and the Dean of Harvard
Law School, Martha Minow.



 As our visit here reaffirms, tribal law has been a focus of the LSC Board; and
during our visit to the Acoma Pueblo, in fact, we learned about how their tribal
court interfaces with New Mexico Legal Aid.



 The second panel focuses on how and why legal aid providers are collaborating
with law schools and how these partnerships are bringing more lawyers into the
field of civil legal aid.  It will be moderated by LSC's exceptional President
Jim Sandman.



 We are gathered here in Albuquerque this week for our final Board meeting of
the year, and hard to believe, but actually the final Board meeting during the
presidential administration that appointed us.



 And while our Board is confirmed well into 2017, it seems a fitting time to
take stock of what we have accomplished and what we are doing to lay a
foundation for the future.



 After taking office six and a half years ago, we were faced with the challenge
of finding a new president, and after an exhaustive national search, to use a
metaphor appropriate to the sports season, we hit a walk-off home run with Jim
Sandman.



 We also developed a far-reaching, and in my view, outstanding five-year
strategic plan. We just a few weeks ago completed a revision and extension of
that plan to guide LSC for the next five years.



 Early in our tenure, the Board formed a distinguished fiscal oversight task
force (getting the very best advice we could), whose recommendations helped LSC
significantly improve its grants management and oversight and enabled it to
close out all then pending GAO concerns.



 From the beginning, our Board has been committed to increasing the role the
private bar can play in expanding access to justice through pro bono service. In
2011, it formed a 60 person national Pro Bono Task Force, whose remarkable work
and report called for a number of useful improvements in our pro bono system,
including the creation of a Pro Bono Innovation Fund to encourage new and robust
pro bono efforts and partnerships to serve more low-income people.



 Congress increased its allocation to $4 million the last two years, up from its
initial funding of $2.5 million in LSC's FY 2014 appropriation.



 And, I am pleased to report in that connection that just a couple of weeks ago,
LSC awarded pro bono grants to 11 LSC-funded organizations across the country
for a wide variety of projects that included using technology to connect
low-income populations to the services they need and building partnerships
between LSC-funded legal aid programs and the community, law schools, and other
local service providers.



 The Pro Bono Innovation Fund was modeled in many ways  on our Technology
Initiative Grants program, which continues in its 17th year to lead the way in
using technology to expand access to justice.



 We held our second Tech Summit two years ago and the goal of its influential
Tech Summit Report--to provide "some form of effective assistance to 100 percent
of persons otherwise unable to afford an attorney for dealing with essential
civil legal needs"--has this year been adopted as a goal by the Conference of
Chief Justices.



 The LSC Board has also worked to expand our assistance to the nation's
veterans. We launched a nationwide program to introduce veterans' counseling
centers to their nearby LSC grantee civil legal aid clinics so that each is
aware of the other and our grantees are better able to address the civil legal
and the mental health needs of the many indigent veterans in our midst.



 Lead by our grantee in Maine, Pine Tree Legal Assistance, we also developed the
very first dedicated site, StatesideLegal.org, dealing specifically with
veterans' issues for clients and lawyers across the nation.



 All of us here today are taking part in another continuing initiative of the
Board--educating the greater legal community and the public at large about the
crisis in the fair accessibility of our civil justice system.



 Our LSC Board formally kicked off a national dialogue on the crisis at a Forum
we co-hosted at the White House in April of 2012.



 We have held similar regional Forums at every LSC Board meeting around the
country since and have returned annually to the White House four times as a
prelude to ABA Day in April as we continue to call attention to the crisis.  We
plan to return next year.



 To carry our message beyond the legal aid community--we can no longer afford to
leave this issue to just the lawyers--the Board recognized that we must recruit
new messengers and launched another initiative, the LSC Leaders Council.



 Comprised of leaders in the fields of law, business, academia, sports and other
disciplines, the Leaders Council is raising awareness of LSC and its important
work across the country.



 Former Bush White House counsel Harriet Miers and Ken Frazier, Chairman and CEO
of Merck, are co-chairing the Council.



 Members include public figures such as Bud Selig, Commissioner Emeritus of
Major League Baseball, author John Grisham, former Attorney Generals Eric Holder
and Dick Thornburgh, Viacom Vice Chair Shari Redstone and one of the luncheon
speakers were just privileged to hear, Roberta Ramo,the President of the
American Law Institute.



 Three Leaders Council members--University of Michigan football coach Jim
Harbaugh, baseball great Hank Aaron and former UN Ambassador Andrew Young--met
earlier this year in Atlanta to call attention to this crisis in civil legal
aid.



 LSC has also launched a groundbreaking effort to obtain foundation and other
private support beyond our Congressional allocation for additional important
initiatives, including an evaluation of state and territory-wide legal aid
websites, which vary in terms of quantity and quality of information, and the
launch of LSC's first national grant initiative to support training in
leadership skills in the field of civil legal aid.



 LSC announced in April that it is partnering with Microsoft Corporation, which
has committed at least 1 million dollars, and Pro Bono Net to develop statewide
"legal portals" to direct individuals with civil legal needs to the most
appropriate forms of assistance.



 This summer, we launched our Rural Summer Legal Corps, with 30 law students
working at LSC grantees in rural areas across the country.



 We have received glowing reports from the field and are delighted that the
funding for this program from many law firms is already sufficient to ensure
that it will continue for five summers.



 One of those fellows, Ramon Hernandez, worked at New Mexico Legal Aid on a
variety of issues, including wage theft litigation and worker safety issues.



 Last week Ramon told us his experience was "great . . . I had the privilege of
working with some amazing people. All of the attorneys were really passionate
about what they did and it really motivated me to work hard and make sure that I
could help out clients as much as they did."



 The LSC Board, with support from the Hewlett and Kresge Foundations, is also
producing early next year a new national report documenting the state of the
"justice gap" -- the difference between the need for civil legal services and
the resources available to meet that need.



 This new study, which I am confident will unfortunately reveal a continuing
alarming justice gap, should shape a blueprint for action, both at the federal
and local levels.



 LSC's 50th Anniversary will be in 2024 and the country's 250th anniversary is
just two years later. What more appropriate time to completely close this
justice gap than during the next few years.



 And we must do this on behalf of our country.



 As Texas Supreme Court Justice Eva Guzman, who we are so honored to have as a
panelist this afternoon, said in a newspaper op-ed last year, helping low-income
Americans with their civil legal needs "is both a democratic and moral
imperative."



 This echoes Thomas Jefferson's observation that "the most sacred of the duties
of government" is "to do equal and impartial justice to all its citizens."



 We must answer the call of this sacred duty and do all that we can to ensure
that all Americans have equal access to justice.



 Thank you.



 * * * * *



 It is now my pleasure to introduce Sergio Pareja, co-Dean and Professor of Law
at the University of New Mexico Law School.



 He joined the UNM law faculty in 2005 after nearly nine years in private
practice in Colorado and Indiana.  His practice and research focused onfederal
individual and corporate income tax planning, state and local tax matters, and
estate and gift tax planning.



 In 2011, Dean Pareja was named by The National Jurist as one of the top law
teachers in the country and he has been honored by UNM with a university-wide
"Outstanding Teacher of the Year" award.



 Dean Pareja's recent research explores ways to make our federal income tax
system simpler and more equitable in connection with transfers at death.



 He has long worked to ensure that law students have the opportunity to
experience other countries and is a founding director of the Madrid Summer Law
Institute.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Remarks by LSC Board Chair John G. Levi | LSC Board Meeting |
October 2016

LENGTH: 1718  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Legal Service Corporation has issued the following news release:



 I am John Levi and it is my distinct honor to serve as the 10th Chairman of the
Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation.



 Thank you for joining us today for these discussions on the importance of
access to justice in our country.





 I want to thank the University of New Mexico School of Law for making this
impressive facility available to us.



 But most of all, I want to thank the law school for Gloria Valencia-Weber, a
professor here and an invaluable LSC Board member who was instrumental in
bringing together these meetings.



 We will be privileged in a few minutes to hear from one of the co-deans of the
Law School, Sergio Pareja, as well as New Mexico's outstanding Attorney General
Hector Balderas.



 This afternoon's program features two panel discussions.



 In the first, distinguished jurists from around the region will explore the
importance of access to justice to the judiciary, especially in reference to
children's unmet legal needs and the collaboration of tribal and state courts.



 The discussion will be moderated by LSC's Vice Chair and the Dean of Harvard
Law School, Martha Minow.



 As our visit here reaffirms, tribal law has been a focus of the LSC Board; and
during our visit to the Acoma Pueblo, in fact, we learned about how their tribal
court interfaces with New Mexico Legal Aid.



 The second panel focuses on how and why legal aid providers are collaborating
with law schools and how these partnerships are bringing more lawyers into the
field of civil legal aid.  It will be moderated by LSC's exceptional President
Jim Sandman.



 We are gathered here in Albuquerque this week for our final Board meeting of
the year, and hard to believe, but actually the final Board meeting during the
presidential administration that appointed us.



 And while our Board is confirmed well into 2017, it seems a fitting time to
take stock of what we have accomplished and what we are doing to lay a
foundation for the future.



 After taking office six and a half years ago, we were faced with the challenge
of finding a new president, and after an exhaustive national search, to use a
metaphor appropriate to the sports season, we hit a walk-off home run with Jim
Sandman.



 We also developed a far-reaching, and in my view, outstanding five-year
strategic plan. We just a few weeks ago completed a revision and extension of
that plan to guide LSC for the next five years.



 Early in our tenure, the Board formed a distinguished fiscal oversight task
force (getting the very best advice we could), whose recommendations helped LSC
significantly improve its grants management and oversight and enabled it to
close out all then pending GAO concerns.



 From the beginning, our Board has been committed to increasing the role the
private bar can play in expanding access to justice through pro bono service. In
2011, it formed a 60 person national Pro Bono Task Force, whose remarkable work
and report called for a number of useful improvements in our pro bono system,
including the creation of a Pro Bono Innovation Fund to encourage new and robust
pro bono efforts and partnerships to serve more low-income people.



 Congress increased its allocation to $4 million the last two years, up from its
initial funding of $2.5 million in LSC's FY 2014 appropriation.



 And, I am pleased to report in that connection that just a couple of weeks ago,
LSC awarded pro bono grants to 11 LSC-funded organizations across the country
for a wide variety of projects that included using technology to connect
low-income populations to the services they need and building partnerships
between LSC-funded legal aid programs and the community, law schools, and other
local service providers.



 The Pro Bono Innovation Fund was modeled in many ways  on our Technology
Initiative Grants program, which continues in its 17th year to lead the way in
using technology to expand access to justice.



 We held our second Tech Summit two years ago and the goal of its influential
Tech Summit Report--to provide "some form of effective assistance to 100 percent
of persons otherwise unable to afford an attorney for dealing with essential
civil legal needs"--has this year been adopted as a goal by the Conference of
Chief Justices.



 The LSC Board has also worked to expand our assistance to the nation's
veterans. We launched a nationwide program to introduce veterans' counseling
centers to their nearby LSC grantee civil legal aid clinics so that each is
aware of the other and our grantees are better able to address the civil legal
and the mental health needs of the many indigent veterans in our midst.



 Lead by our grantee in Maine, Pine Tree Legal Assistance, we also developed the
very first dedicated site, StatesideLegal.org, dealing specifically with
veterans' issues for clients and lawyers across the nation.



 All of us here today are taking part in another continuing initiative of the
Board--educating the greater legal community and the public at large about the
crisis in the fair accessibility of our civil justice system.



 Our LSC Board formally kicked off a national dialogue on the crisis at a Forum
we co-hosted at the White House in April of 2012.



 We have held similar regional Forums at every LSC Board meeting around the
country since and have returned annually to the White House four times as a
prelude to ABA Day in April as we continue to call attention to the crisis.  We
plan to return next year.



 To carry our message beyond the legal aid community--we can no longer afford to
leave this issue to just the lawyers--the Board recognized that we must recruit
new messengers and launched another initiative, the LSC Leaders Council.



 Comprised of leaders in the fields of law, business, academia, sports and other
disciplines, the Leaders Council is raising awareness of LSC and its important
work across the country.



 Former Bush White House counsel Harriet Miers and Ken Frazier, Chairman and CEO
of Merck, are co-chairing the Council.



 Members include public figures such as Bud Selig, Commissioner Emeritus of
Major League Baseball, author John Grisham, former Attorney Generals Eric Holder
and Dick Thornburgh, Viacom Vice Chair Shari Redstone and one of the luncheon
speakers were just privileged to hear, Roberta Ramo,the President of the
American Law Institute.



 Three Leaders Council members--University of Michigan football coach Jim
Harbaugh, baseball great Hank Aaron and former UN Ambassador Andrew Young--met
earlier this year in Atlanta to call attention to this crisis in civil legal
aid.



 LSC has also launched a groundbreaking effort to obtain foundation and other
private support beyond our Congressional allocation for additional important
initiatives, including an evaluation of state and territory-wide legal aid
websites, which vary in terms of quantity and quality of information, and the
launch of LSC's first national grant initiative to support training in
leadership skills in the field of civil legal aid.



 LSC announced in April that it is partnering with Microsoft Corporation, which
has committed at least 1 million dollars, and Pro Bono Net to develop statewide
"legal portals" to direct individuals with civil legal needs to the most
appropriate forms of assistance.



 This summer, we launched our Rural Summer Legal Corps, with 30 law students
working at LSC grantees in rural areas across the country.



 We have received glowing reports from the field and are delighted that the
funding for this program from many law firms is already sufficient to ensure
that it will continue for five summers.



 One of those fellows, Ramon Hernandez, worked at New Mexico Legal Aid on a
variety of issues, including wage theft litigation and worker safety issues.



 Last week Ramon told us his experience was "great . . . I had the privilege of
working with some amazing people. All of the attorneys were really passionate
about what they did and it really motivated me to work hard and make sure that I
could help out clients as much as they did."



 The LSC Board, with support from the Hewlett and Kresge Foundations, is also
producing early next year a new national report documenting the state of the
"justice gap" -- the difference between the need for civil legal services and
the resources available to meet that need.



 This new study, which I am confident will unfortunately reveal a continuing
alarming justice gap, should shape a blueprint for action, both at the federal
and local levels.



 LSC's 50th Anniversary will be in 2024 and the country's 250th anniversary is
just two years later. What more appropriate time to completely close this
justice gap than during the next few years.



 And we must do this on behalf of our country.



 As Texas Supreme Court Justice Eva Guzman, who we are so honored to have as a
panelist this afternoon, said in a newspaper op-ed last year, helping low-income
Americans with their civil legal needs "is both a democratic and moral
imperative."



 This echoes Thomas Jefferson's observation that "the most sacred of the duties
of government" is "to do equal and impartial justice to all its citizens."



 We must answer the call of this sacred duty and do all that we can to ensure
that all Americans have equal access to justice.



 Thank you.



 * * * * *



 It is now my pleasure to introduce Sergio Pareja, co-Dean and Professor of Law
at the University of New Mexico Law School.



 He joined the UNM law faculty in 2005 after nearly nine years in private
practice in Colorado and Indiana.  His practice and research focused onfederal
individual and corporate income tax planning, state and local tax matters, and
estate and gift tax planning.



 In 2011, Dean Pareja was named by The National Jurist as one of the top law
teachers in the country and he has been honored by UNM with a university-wide
"Outstanding Teacher of the Year" award.



 Dean Pareja's recent research explores ways to make our federal income tax
system simpler and more equitable in connection with transfers at death.



 He has long worked to ensure that law students have the opportunity to
experience other countries and is a founding director of the Madrid Summer Law
Institute.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

South Hayward to become a 'Promise Neighborhood' through federal funding

BYLINE: By Katy Murphy Oakland Tribune

SECTION: EDUCATION; News

LENGTH: 629 words


HAYWARD -- A major national anti-poverty and education initiative could soon
come to South Hayward. The federal Department of Education announced Tuesday
that the area was one of 21 communities that will receive funding to design a
support network for its children -- from the time they are born to the time they
enter college or the workforce.

The Promise Neighborhood initiative is modeled after the Harlem Children's Zone,
which was created to give that New York City neighborhood's children the social
and educational boost they need to rise out of poverty and become productive
adults.

That program starts with The Baby College, an intensive parenting course, and
continues with a series of high-quality schools, starting in pre-K, and a host
of health and social services provided in and out of school for children and
their families.

More than 330 cities, towns and tribal areas, including Oakland and San
Francisco, applied for a grant to create a similar project in their
neighborhoods. Hayward was the only Bay Area city to receive it. Los Angeles was
the only other California recipient.

"It's like, what are the odds?" said Paul Frumkin, a Hayward school board member
and a facilitator for the South Hayward Neighborhood Collaborative, which
started in 1994.

A group of people representing the city, school district, community and Cal
State East Bay worked on Hayward's application for the nearly $500,000 planning
grant. Next year, the group will apply for another, larger, grant to implement
its plan.

Nan Maxwell, an economics professor at Cal State East Bay who was the lead grant
writer, said South Hayward "is brimming with potential."

"It's got that vibrancy right underneath the surface," Maxwell said.

South Hayward was one of many areas that cropped up after World War II, in the
1950s and 1960s. The developments of single-story suburban tract houses are now
home to families who speak scores of languages and have roots in Latin America,
the South Pacific and Asia. Hayward also has a large African-American
population.

Though its needs are often overshadowed by those of Oakland, its larger,
higher-profile neighbor, Hayward struggles with many of the same challenges:
low-performing schools, high dropout rates, hunger and crime. The neighborhood
collaborative and other groups, such as the South Hayward Parish, have worked
for years to help its residents survive and thrive.

Sara Lamnin, of South Hayward Parish, a nonprofit organization started by
religious congregations more than 40 years ago, said the idea of creating a
support network for local families is not new. But, she said, the Promise
Neighborhood grant has brought new energy, new ideas and an infusion of
resources -- differences that may bring "a lasting change."

"The idea that there will be holistic efforts to really flood the neighborhood
with targeted resources is exciting," Lamnin said.

Some of the other Promise Neighborhood planning grant recipients are New York
City, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Houston, Atlanta and the Northern Cheyenne
Reservation in Montana.

Oakland school district staff were surprised and disappointed that the city
wasn't selected, said spokesman Troy Flint. During a recent visit to Oakland,
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said that he would do whatever he could
to support Oakland Superintendent Tony Smith's vision for "full-service
community schools." Duncan held a news conference at the Peralta Community
College District, which would have been the lead agency for the project.

"It's disheartening for us, but we haven't abandoned faith in this model," Flint
said. "We still feel that this is the best solution for these neighborhoods."

Read Katy Murphy's Oakland schools blog at www.ibabuzz.com/education . Follow
her at Twitter.com/katymurphy .

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

South Hayward to become a 'Promise Neighborhood' through federal funding

BYLINE: By Katy Murphy Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


HAYWARD -- A major national anti-poverty and education initiative could soon
come to South Hayward. The federal Department of Education announced Tuesday
that the area was one of 21 communities that will receive funding to design a
support network for its children -- from the time they are born to the time they
enter college or the workforce.

The Promise Neighborhood initiative is modeled after the Harlem Children's Zone,
which was created to give that New York City neighborhood's children the social
and educational boost they need to rise out of poverty and become productive
adults.

That program starts with The Baby College, an intensive parenting course, and
continues with a series of high-quality schools, starting in pre-K, and a host
of health and social services provided in and out of school for children and
their families.

More than 330 cities, towns and tribal areas, including Oakland and San
Francisco, applied for a grant to create a similar project in their
neighborhoods. Hayward was the only Bay Area city to receive it. Los Angeles was
the only other California recipient.

"It's like, what are the odds?" said Paul Frumkin, a Hayward school board member
and a facilitator for the South Hayward Neighborhood Collaborative, which
started in 1994.

A group of people representing the city, school district, community and Cal
State East Bay worked on Hayward's application for the nearly $500,000 planning
grant. Next year, the group will apply for another, larger, grant to implement
its plan.

Nan Maxwell, an economics professor at Cal State East Bay who was the lead grant
writer, said South Hayward "is brimming with potential."

"It's got that vibrancy right underneath the surface," Maxwell said.

South Hayward was one of many areas that cropped up after World War II, in the
1950s and 1960s. The developments of single-story suburban tract houses are now
home to families who speak scores of languages and have roots in Latin America,
the South Pacific and Asia. Hayward also has a large African-American
population.

Though its needs are often overshadowed by those of Oakland, its larger,
higher-profile neighbor, Hayward struggles with many of the same challenges:
low-performing schools, high dropout rates, hunger and crime. The neighborhood
collaborative and other groups, such as the South Hayward Parish, have worked
for years to help its residents survive and thrive.

Sara Lamnin, of South Hayward Parish, a nonprofit organization started by
religious congregations more than 40 years ago, said the idea of creating a
support network for local families is not new. But, she said, the Promise
Neighborhood grant has brought new energy, new ideas and an infusion of
resources -- differences that may bring "a lasting change."

"The idea that there will be holistic efforts to really flood the neighborhood
with targeted resources is exciting," Lamnin said.

Some of the other Promise Neighborhood planning grant recipients are New York
City, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Houston, Atlanta and the Northern Cheyenne
Reservation in Montana.

Oakland school district staff were surprised and disappointed that the city
wasn't selected, said spokesman Troy Flint. During a recent visit to Oakland,
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said that he would do whatever he could
to support Oakland Superintendent Tony Smith's vision for "full-service
community schools." Duncan held a news conference at the Peralta Community
College District, which would have been the lead agency for the project.

"It's disheartening for us, but we haven't abandoned faith in this model," Flint
said. "We still feel that this is the best solution for these neighborhoods."

Read Katy Murphy's Oakland schools blog at www.ibabuzz.com/education . Follow
her at Twitter.com/katymurphy .

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday

ABOUT TOWN

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 2194 words


Vollmer joins AAA

Brooklyn Vollmer, Wing, is a new junior member of the American Angus
Association, reports Bryce Schumann, chief executive officer of the national
organization with headquarters in Saint Joseph, Mo.

Junior members of the association are eligible to register cattle in the
American Angus Association, participate in programs conducted by the National
Junior Angus Association and take part in association sponsored shows and other
national and regional events.

Miss N.D. Teen USA

The 2009 Miss North Dakota USA and Miss North Dakota Teen USA took place
Thanksgiving weekend at the North Dakota State University Festival Concert Hall
in Fargo.

Codi Miller, 15, the daughter of Gary and Stacey Miller, was selected as the
2009 Miss North Dakota Teen USA. Miller was also chosen as Miss Teen Photogenic.
She is a sophomore at Bowman Public School and lives in Amidon.

Miller will move on to compete next year at the national 2009 Miss Teen USA
pageant.

Tiffany Wanner, 18, Bismarck, was selected as third runner up.

NDASCD officers

The North Dakota Association of Soil Conservation Districts elected officers
during their re-organizational meeting on Nov. 11.

Officers elected for 2009 are: James Teigen, Rugby, president; Marc Schriefer,
Golden Valley, vice president; Curtiss Klein, Carrington, secretary; and Richard
Faught, Amenia, National Association of Conservation Districts representative.
Tom Hanson, NDASCD Executive Director was re-elected treasurer.

Braun a Commodore

Joe Braun was commissioned as a Commodore in the Governor's Mythical Navy during
the 45th Annual Joint North Dakota Water Convention and Irrigation Expo, Dec.
3-4 in Bismarck for his involvement in water development with his appointment to
the Grant County Water Resource District in 1971.

Braun has been chairman of the water district since 1985. In 1981, Braun was
appointed as the Grant County representative on the West River Joint Board and
represented Grant County on Southwest Water Authority board of directors from
1991 to 2002. He also served on the North Dakota Water Users Association board
of directors for many years.

Under Braun's leadership, the Grant County Water Resource District has been
recognized for the development of the Sheep Creek Dam, the Raleigh Reservoir,
the Cannonball Preservation project at Raleigh Dam, bank stabilization at Sheep
Creek Dam and other related projects in Grant County.

Leaders in water

Four water leaders from Bismarck were honored during the 45th Annual Joint North
Dakota Water Convention and Irrigation Expo, Dec. 3-4 in Bismarck.

Bob Valeu was commissioned as a Commodore in the Governor's Mythical Navy for
his role in support of Sen. Byron Dorgan to enhance North Dakota's water
development, supply and flood protection efforts. Valeu was Dorgan's state
director from 1991 to May 2008. In this capacity, Valeu represented the senator
on a wide range of projects including Devils Lake flooding, Missouri River
management and access, Red River Valley Water Supply, Friends of Lake Sakakawea,
reclamation, municipal, rural and industrial supply projects, tribal water
projects and fish and wildlife issues.

Ken Royse, Wes Wiedenmeyer and Jeffry Mattern received North Dakota Water Wheel
awards during the convention. They were recognized by the North Dakota Water
Users Association and North Dakota Water Resource Districts Association for
their distinctive leadership and perseverance in motivating development of the
state's water resources.

Throughout his career as a professional engineer, Royse has completed the
construction of many projects that are currently providing water to rural
families, small communities and the tribal entities in our state. For more than
35 years, he has spent countless hours traveling and attending meetings from one
end of the state to the other. Royse has been and continues to be very active in
many water organizations in the state, such as an executive board member of the
North Dakota Water Users Association, executive board member of the North Dakota
Water Resource Association, chairman of the Missouri River Joint Board, board
member for the Garrison Diversion Conservancy District, the North Dakota Water
Education Foundation and the Upper Missouri Water Association.

Wiedenmeyer began work for the Soil Conservation Service as a project engineer
in Fargo in 1977. Wiedenmeyer transferred to the Bismarck area office in 1978 as
a civil engineer and then to a civil engineer on the design staff in the state
office in 1984. He was promoted to planning staff leader in 1987 and then was
assigned to the position of assistant state conservation engineer in 1990. In
1991, he was promoted to state conservation engineer, and has served in that
capacity ever since.

Mattern is the State Water Commission's Municipal, Rural and Industrial (MRI)
Water Supply Program coordinator. Mattern has over 25 years experience in water
resource engineering and is a registered professional engineer. He has overseen
more than $200 million of water supply projects across the state since becoming
the MRI coordinator in 1989. He also tracked water intakes impacted by the low
levels of Lake Sakakawea, Lake Oahe and the Missouri River and the response to
the impacts. Mattern has been with the State Water Commission for 28 years.

Pieri promoted

Bob Pieri, professor of mechanical engineering and applied mechanics, has been
named coordinator for Tribal Controlled Colleges and North Dakota State
University Partnerships. The new position helps to fulfill North Dakota State
University's outreach goals outlined in President Joseph A. Chapman's 2008 State
of the University Address.

As coordinator, Pieri will facilitate partnerships and explore avenues to take
full advantage of the NDSU resources that are available for tribal controlled
colleges on campus and throughout the state.

Pieri has had previous experience with outreach. He taught at Turtle Mountain
Community College while on sabbatical and was able to offer new courses and
programs at the college that year.

A significant aspect of the new venture strives to maintain cultural heritage at
tribal colleges.

AUCD meeting held

Personnel from the North Dakota Center for Persons with Disabilities at Minot
State University participated in the 2008 Association of University Centers on
Disability Annual Meeting and Conference in Washington, D.C. from Nov. 8-12.
AUCD is a national network of interdisciplinary centers advancing policy and
practice through research, education and services for and with individuals with
developmental and other disabilities, their families and communities.

Mary Mercer, community training core coordinator, chaired the 2008 AUCD Training
Symposium, "Widening and Strengthening Pathways through Universal Design." The
keynote speaker was Valerie Fletcher, executive director for the Institute for
Human Centered Design, Boston. This institute is committed to advancing the role
of design in expanding opportunity and enhancing experience for people of all
ages and abilities; its work balances expertise in legally required
accessibility with promotion of best practices in human-centered or universal
design.

Participants heard an expert panel on Smart Home technology and Web
accessibility for people with cognitive disabilities. Kari Arrayan, project
director for NDCPD's Disability Health Project, served as one of the symposium's
discussion group leaders on universal design in health promotion and disease
prevention.

NDCPD personnel also presented five posters during the 2008 AUCD Poster Session,
"Paving the Way." The presenters and their topics were:

Brent Askvig, executive director of NDCPD, and Jan Meyer, associate professor at
Harstad University College in Harstad, Norway, "Norwegian and Midwestern U.S.
Citizens' Perspectives on Institutional and Community Living."

Linda Madsen, research associate, "Reactions of Adults with Disabilities to
Nintendo Wii Gaming System."

Cathy Haarstad, "PicPlan-A Journey in Research and Design."

Haarstad, Dawn Olson, consumer liaison, Shannon Simonson, Consumer Advisory
Council chair, and Cynthia Salazar, dissemination coordinator, "PhotoVoice-Using
Photos in Research to Communicate and Influence Constituents and Policymakers."

Arrayan, Askvig and Kylene Kraft, project assistant for the Real Choice Systems
Change Grant-Rebalancing Initiative, "North Dakota Health Project."

Dorgan nominations

Sen. Byron Dorgan gave "principal nominations" to four outstanding North Dakota
students for appointment to U.S. military academies in 2009. Upon successful
completion of a final physical and medical examination, Dorgan said these four
students will receive four-year, tuition-free appointments to their selected
military academy.

The nominations are the culmination of a rigorous selection process which
includes a competitive review of the students' academic and leadership
achievements, physical conditioning, and personal interviews with military
officials and a selection panel.

Dorgan's four principal nominees are:

Emily Foyt, a senior at Fargo South High School, has been recommended for
appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md. She is the daughter of
Brad and Brenda Rosten, Fargo.

Nicholas Hulm, a senior at West Fargo High School, has been recommended for
appointment for the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y. He is the son of
Randy Hulm, West Fargo, and Angela Vas, Tenino, Wash.

Stephanie Salvatore, a senior at Grafton High School, Yorktown Va., has been
recommended for appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs,
Colo. She is the daughter of Maj. Anthony and Pamela Salvatore, formerly of
Grand Forks, and currently stationed at Langley Air Force Base.

Joshua Beaudoin, a senior at Minot High School, has been recommended for
appointment for the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md. He is the son of Steve
and Bonnie Beaudoin, Minot.

Books presented

As part of National Inclusive Schools Week in December, Bismarck Public School
libraries each received a story book about including students with disabilities
at school. Roxane Romanick with the Down syndrome support network called
Designer Genes presented the books to principals at their administrative
meetings to recognize their inclusive education efforts for special education
students. Sandy McMerty and Sharon Goodman joined Romanick in presenting the
elementary books called "We'll Paint the Octopus Red" and the secondary books
called the "Sibling Slam Book."

Pomeroy nominees

Congressman Earl Pomeroy announced that he has nominated six outstanding North
Dakotans to the prestigious U.S. service academies. As principal nominees, these
young men will be accepted by the academies provided they meet the physical,
medical and scholastic requirements set forth by the schools to which they were
nominated.

Pomeroy gave his principal nominations to:

Jonathan Swift, Minot, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S. Air
Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo. He received a principal appointment to
the Air Force Academy in 2004. He attended the Academy for two years and then
left for two years to do church mission work in New York City.

Challis Williams, Dickinson, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. He is a senior at Dickinson High School
where he is senior class president. He is a member of the National Honor Society
and is on the track and field and football teams.

Thomas Dunn III, Wolford, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Military Academy in West Point, N.Y. He is a senior at Wolford Public School and
is the third son in his family to receive a principal nomination to West Point.
Dunn was a member of the UND Honor Orchestra, all-state Choir and is a four-year
letterman in football and basketball.

Jacques Oestreich, Dickinson, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Military Academy in West Point. He is a senior at Trinity High School where he
lettered in football and track. He is an Eagle Scout and attended the FBI
Academy Youth Leadership program.

Jordan Speare, Grand Forks, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md. He is a senior at Red River High School where he
has been active in theater and lettered in band and choir. He is a member of the
National Honor Society and captain of the Red River varsity soccer team.

Chad Hingst, Fargo, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S. Naval
Academy in Annapolis. He is a senior at Shanley High School where he has
lettered in football and track and field. He is a member of the National Honor
society, and attended North Dakota Boys State and the Naval Academy Summer
Seminar.

Academy nominees represent some of the top students in the U.S. and are selected
on a highly competitive basis that takes into account school records, junior
class rank and Scholastic Aptitude Test scores. The nomination competition also
emphasizes leadership potential, extracurricular activities, athletics, physical
fitness and recommendations from school and community officials.

The armed services academies require aspiring students be nominated by either a
member of Congress or the vice president.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 2194 words


Vollmer joins AAA

Brooklyn Vollmer, Wing, is a new junior member of the American Angus
Association, reports Bryce Schumann, chief executive officer of the national
organization with headquarters in Saint Joseph, Mo.

Junior members of the association are eligible to register cattle in the
American Angus Association, participate in programs conducted by the National
Junior Angus Association and take part in association sponsored shows and other
national and regional events.

Miss N.D. Teen USA

The 2009 Miss North Dakota USA and Miss North Dakota Teen USA took place
Thanksgiving weekend at the North Dakota State University Festival Concert Hall
in Fargo.

Codi Miller, 15, the daughter of Gary and Stacey Miller, was selected as the
2009 Miss North Dakota Teen USA. Miller was also chosen as Miss Teen Photogenic.
She is a sophomore at Bowman Public School and lives in Amidon.

Miller will move on to compete next year at the national 2009 Miss Teen USA
pageant.

Tiffany Wanner, 18, Bismarck, was selected as third runner up.

NDASCD officers

The North Dakota Association of Soil Conservation Districts elected officers
during their re-organizational meeting on Nov. 11.

Officers elected for 2009 are: James Teigen, Rugby, president; Marc Schriefer,
Golden Valley, vice president; Curtiss Klein, Carrington, secretary; and Richard
Faught, Amenia, National Association of Conservation Districts representative.
Tom Hanson, NDASCD Executive Director was re-elected treasurer.

Braun a Commodore

Joe Braun was commissioned as a Commodore in the Governor's Mythical Navy during
the 45th Annual Joint North Dakota Water Convention and Irrigation Expo, Dec.
3-4 in Bismarck for his involvement in water development with his appointment to
the Grant County Water Resource District in 1971.

Braun has been chairman of the water district since 1985. In 1981, Braun was
appointed as the Grant County representative on the West River Joint Board and
represented Grant County on Southwest Water Authority board of directors from
1991 to 2002. He also served on the North Dakota Water Users Association board
of directors for many years.

Under Braun's leadership, the Grant County Water Resource District has been
recognized for the development of the Sheep Creek Dam, the Raleigh Reservoir,
the Cannonball Preservation project at Raleigh Dam, bank stabilization at Sheep
Creek Dam and other related projects in Grant County.

Leaders in water

Four water leaders from Bismarck were honored during the 45th Annual Joint North
Dakota Water Convention and Irrigation Expo, Dec. 3-4 in Bismarck.

Bob Valeu was commissioned as a Commodore in the Governor's Mythical Navy for
his role in support of Sen. Byron Dorgan to enhance North Dakota's water
development, supply and flood protection efforts. Valeu was Dorgan's state
director from 1991 to May 2008. In this capacity, Valeu represented the senator
on a wide range of projects including Devils Lake flooding, Missouri River
management and access, Red River Valley Water Supply, Friends of Lake Sakakawea,
reclamation, municipal, rural and industrial supply projects, tribal water
projects and fish and wildlife issues.

Ken Royse, Wes Wiedenmeyer and Jeffry Mattern received North Dakota Water Wheel
awards during the convention. They were recognized by the North Dakota Water
Users Association and North Dakota Water Resource Districts Association for
their distinctive leadership and perseverance in motivating development of the
state's water resources.

Throughout his career as a professional engineer, Royse has completed the
construction of many projects that are currently providing water to rural
families, small communities and the tribal entities in our state. For more than
35 years, he has spent countless hours traveling and attending meetings from one
end of the state to the other. Royse has been and continues to be very active in
many water organizations in the state, such as an executive board member of the
North Dakota Water Users Association, executive board member of the North Dakota
Water Resource Association, chairman of the Missouri River Joint Board, board
member for the Garrison Diversion Conservancy District, the North Dakota Water
Education Foundation and the Upper Missouri Water Association.

Wiedenmeyer began work for the Soil Conservation Service as a project engineer
in Fargo in 1977. Wiedenmeyer transferred to the Bismarck area office in 1978 as
a civil engineer and then to a civil engineer on the design staff in the state
office in 1984. He was promoted to planning staff leader in 1987 and then was
assigned to the position of assistant state conservation engineer in 1990. In
1991, he was promoted to state conservation engineer, and has served in that
capacity ever since.

Mattern is the State Water Commission's Municipal, Rural and Industrial (MRI)
Water Supply Program coordinator. Mattern has over 25 years experience in water
resource engineering and is a registered professional engineer. He has overseen
more than $200 million of water supply projects across the state since becoming
the MRI coordinator in 1989. He also tracked water intakes impacted by the low
levels of Lake Sakakawea, Lake Oahe and the Missouri River and the response to
the impacts. Mattern has been with the State Water Commission for 28 years.

Pieri promoted

Bob Pieri, professor of mechanical engineering and applied mechanics, has been
named coordinator for Tribal Controlled Colleges and North Dakota State
University Partnerships. The new position helps to fulfill North Dakota State
University's outreach goals outlined in President Joseph A. Chapman's 2008 State
of the University Address.

As coordinator, Pieri will facilitate partnerships and explore avenues to take
full advantage of the NDSU resources that are available for tribal controlled
colleges on campus and throughout the state.

Pieri has had previous experience with outreach. He taught at Turtle Mountain
Community College while on sabbatical and was able to offer new courses and
programs at the college that year.

A significant aspect of the new venture strives to maintain cultural heritage at
tribal colleges.

AUCD meeting held

Personnel from the North Dakota Center for Persons with Disabilities at Minot
State University participated in the 2008 Association of University Centers on
Disability Annual Meeting and Conference in Washington, D.C. from Nov. 8-12.
AUCD is a national network of interdisciplinary centers advancing policy and
practice through research, education and services for and with individuals with
developmental and other disabilities, their families and communities.

Mary Mercer, community training core coordinator, chaired the 2008 AUCD Training
Symposium, "Widening and Strengthening Pathways through Universal Design." The
keynote speaker was Valerie Fletcher, executive director for the Institute for
Human Centered Design, Boston. This institute is committed to advancing the role
of design in expanding opportunity and enhancing experience for people of all
ages and abilities; its work balances expertise in legally required
accessibility with promotion of best practices in human-centered or universal
design.

Participants heard an expert panel on Smart Home technology and Web
accessibility for people with cognitive disabilities. Kari Arrayan, project
director for NDCPD's Disability Health Project, served as one of the symposium's
discussion group leaders on universal design in health promotion and disease
prevention.

NDCPD personnel also presented five posters during the 2008 AUCD Poster Session,
"Paving the Way." The presenters and their topics were:

Brent Askvig, executive director of NDCPD, and Jan Meyer, associate professor at
Harstad University College in Harstad, Norway, "Norwegian and Midwestern U.S.
Citizens' Perspectives on Institutional and Community Living."

Linda Madsen, research associate, "Reactions of Adults with Disabilities to
Nintendo Wii Gaming System."

Cathy Haarstad, "PicPlan-A Journey in Research and Design."

Haarstad, Dawn Olson, consumer liaison, Shannon Simonson, Consumer Advisory
Council chair, and Cynthia Salazar, dissemination coordinator, "PhotoVoice-Using
Photos in Research to Communicate and Influence Constituents and Policymakers."

Arrayan, Askvig and Kylene Kraft, project assistant for the Real Choice Systems
Change Grant-Rebalancing Initiative, "North Dakota Health Project."

Dorgan nominations

Sen. Byron Dorgan gave "principal nominations" to four outstanding North Dakota
students for appointment to U.S. military academies in 2009. Upon successful
completion of a final physical and medical examination, Dorgan said these four
students will receive four-year, tuition-free appointments to their selected
military academy.

The nominations are the culmination of a rigorous selection process which
includes a competitive review of the students' academic and leadership
achievements, physical conditioning, and personal interviews with military
officials and a selection panel.

Dorgan's four principal nominees are:

Emily Foyt, a senior at Fargo South High School, has been recommended for
appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md. She is the daughter of
Brad and Brenda Rosten, Fargo.

Nicholas Hulm, a senior at West Fargo High School, has been recommended for
appointment for the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y. He is the son of
Randy Hulm, West Fargo, and Angela Vas, Tenino, Wash.

Stephanie Salvatore, a senior at Grafton High School, Yorktown Va., has been
recommended for appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs,
Colo. She is the daughter of Maj. Anthony and Pamela Salvatore, formerly of
Grand Forks, and currently stationed at Langley Air Force Base.

Joshua Beaudoin, a senior at Minot High School, has been recommended for
appointment for the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md. He is the son of Steve
and Bonnie Beaudoin, Minot.

Books presented

As part of National Inclusive Schools Week in December, Bismarck Public School
libraries each received a story book about including students with disabilities
at school. Roxane Romanick with the Down syndrome support network called
Designer Genes presented the books to principals at their administrative
meetings to recognize their inclusive education efforts for special education
students. Sandy McMerty and Sharon Goodman joined Romanick in presenting the
elementary books called "We'll Paint the Octopus Red" and the secondary books
called the "Sibling Slam Book."

Pomeroy nominees

Congressman Earl Pomeroy announced that he has nominated six outstanding North
Dakotans to the prestigious U.S. service academies. As principal nominees, these
young men will be accepted by the academies provided they meet the physical,
medical and scholastic requirements set forth by the schools to which they were
nominated.

Pomeroy gave his principal nominations to:

Jonathan Swift, Minot, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S. Air
Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo. He received a principal appointment to
the Air Force Academy in 2004. He attended the Academy for two years and then
left for two years to do church mission work in New York City.

Challis Williams, Dickinson, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. He is a senior at Dickinson High School
where he is senior class president. He is a member of the National Honor Society
and is on the track and field and football teams.

Thomas Dunn III, Wolford, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Military Academy in West Point, N.Y. He is a senior at Wolford Public School and
is the third son in his family to receive a principal nomination to West Point.
Dunn was a member of the UND Honor Orchestra, all-state Choir and is a four-year
letterman in football and basketball.

Jacques Oestreich, Dickinson, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Military Academy in West Point. He is a senior at Trinity High School where he
lettered in football and track. He is an Eagle Scout and attended the FBI
Academy Youth Leadership program.

Jordan Speare, Grand Forks, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S.
Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md. He is a senior at Red River High School where he
has been active in theater and lettered in band and choir. He is a member of the
National Honor Society and captain of the Red River varsity soccer team.

Chad Hingst, Fargo, has been recommended for appointment to the U.S. Naval
Academy in Annapolis. He is a senior at Shanley High School where he has
lettered in football and track and field. He is a member of the National Honor
society, and attended North Dakota Boys State and the Naval Academy Summer
Seminar.

Academy nominees represent some of the top students in the U.S. and are selected
on a highly competitive basis that takes into account school records, junior
class rank and Scholastic Aptitude Test scores. The nomination competition also
emphasizes leadership potential, extracurricular activities, athletics, physical
fitness and recommendations from school and community officials.

The armed services academies require aspiring students be nominated by either a
member of Congress or the vice president.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 8, 2011

Brent Alan Wooten "Wooter"

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 595  words


Brent Alan Wooten "Wooter" passed away Aug. 29, 2011 in Spokane after a lengthy
illness at the age of 72.

He was born in Anacortes in 1939 to Richard "Boots" and Thelma Wooten. They
moved to Walla Walla from Anacortes, where he grew up with a basketball in one
hand and a football in the other.

While at Walla Walla High School (WaHi) he played in the state basketball
tournament in 1955. During his senior year, 1957, as a running back and
defensive back, they won the A.P. Balloting Poll for a state championship with
an 8-0 record. Also that year he was selected to All-State football, basketball
and track and was later inducted into WaHi's School Athletic Hall of Fame.

After high school he married Barbara Porter and together they had two girls,
Debbie and Cindy, while at the same time starting his college football career at
the University of Washington where he played half back and defensive back on the
school's 1960 and 1961 Rose Bowl-winning teams, catching a touchdown pass in the
1960 game against No. 1 ranked Wisconsin for a 17-7 victory that gave the
Huskies a national championship. The team was later inducted into the UW Hall of
Fame.

Brent graduated with a degree in physical education and later earned his
master's degree at the UW. After finishing his undergrad he was hired as
assistant football coach at Columbia Basin Community College where his team
played in the Junior Rose Bowl in 1962 with a record of 17-0-1. He then went on
to Eastern as assistant football coach under Dave Holmes bringing with him a
number of fine CBC transfers. Over the next five years their combined record was
34-13-1 and advanced to the NALA national championship game in 1967 where the
Savages finished with an 11-1 record.

He became head coach and athletic director at Eastern from 1968-70. He also
served as wrestling coach from 1963-68.

Following his tenure in the athletic department, he remained at Eastern for more
than 30 years as professor in the Health/Physical Education and Recreation
department and also enjoyed serving as the director of intramurals. During this
time he met Margaret Davies and they were married in 1990. Following his
retirement in 1999, he became active in his Native American tribe serving as a
Samish Tribal Council member working tirelessly to promote Samish educational
initiatives and helping to establish educational scholarship funds for tribal
members.

Brent was known for his willingness to help any student in any situation to
achieve their college educational goals. He will be remembered for his great,
outgoing friendly personality and his ability to meet people and get things
done. He also expressed great love for his animals and most of all for Margaret
and his family.

Brent, you will be dearly missed as a husband, father, grandfather, friend,
coach and instructor. Brent was preceded in death by his father and mother and
brother, Brian. He is survived by his loyal companion and wife Margaret, two
daughters Debbie McCarson (Bill) of Sammamish, Wa., Cindy Fricke (Darren) of Mt.
Gilead, Ohio, stepson Jim of Spokane, four grandchildren Bryce, Curtis, John and
Jenny and two great grandchildren Cody and Ethan, and two nephews Scott and Jeff
Wooten.

There will be a celebration of his life at the Holiday Inn Express in Cheney on
Friday, Sept. 9, 2011 from 2-6 p.m. Hotel accommodations available 509-235-1100.
Ask for Wooten discount. Memorial contributions can be made to SCRAPS (Spokane
County Regional Animal Protection Service). Cremation entrusted to Cheney
Funeral Chapel. Online guestbook at cheneyfuneral. com.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 Cheney Free Press

                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Utah: EPA Awards 15 Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Grants Totaling Over $8
Million to Combat Invasive Species

LENGTH: 1196  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency today announced the award of 15 Great Lakes
Restoration Initiative grants totaling more than $8 million for projects to
combat invasive species in the Great Lakes basin.

"These Great Lakes Restoration Initiative grants will be used to target aquatic
and terrestrial invasive species in the Great Lakes basin," said Region 5
Administrator/ Great Lakes National Program Manager Susan Hedman. "The projects
will also help to prevent the introduction of new invasive species that pose
significant risks to the Great Lakes ecosystem."

Since 2010, EPA has funded more than 80 GLRI projects totaling over $50 million
to combat invasive species.

The latest EPA invasive species grant recipients are:


    · Illinois Department of Natural Resources ($999,725) will work with
partners (Forest Preserves of Cook County, Chicago Park District, Illinois
Nature Preserve Commission and The Nature Conservancy) to control invasive
plants in the Millennium Reserve which is located along the southeastern shore
of Lake Michigan. Twelve sites -- totaling almost 300 acres of wetlands,
prairies and savannas -- will be restored. The project will also provide work
experience through the city's Greencorps program.

· Bay-Lake Regional Planning Commission ($999,648) will work with public and
private landowners to remove at least 1,500 acres of phragmites along the shores
of Green Bay on Lake Michigan. The project will identify and prioritize removal
sites and provide training to landowners on methods to control phragmites.

· Upper Peninsula Resource Conservation and Development Council ($964,922) will
collaborate with local and regional partners to restore 800 acres of coastal
shoreline and wetlands in Michigan's Upper Peninsula (in the Lake Michigan, Lake
Huron, and Lake Superior watersheds) by treating invasive phragmites. The
council will also train local groups to detect new infestations and assume
stewardship for long-term control efforts.

· Milwaukee County Department of Parks, Recreation and Culture ($635,000) will
collaborate with the Milwaukee Conservation Leadership Corps/Student
Conservation Association, the Great Lakes Community Conservation Corps, the
Alliance for the Great Lakes and the University of Wisconsin Sea Grant Institute
to remove plant invasive species from 32 ecologically diverse natural areas
encompassing 1,300 acres of critical wildlife habitat in the Lake Michigan
basin. The project will also provide educational opportunities for students in
grades 6-12 and for college students.

· Lorain County, Ohio, ($634,889) will implement a project to control at least
30 acres of invasive plant species (particularly phragmites) and to restore
habitat in the Black River Watershed and two smaller tributaries to Lake Erie.
About 10 seasonal employees will be hired for this project through the Black
River Civilian Conservation Corps.

· Wayne County Department of Public Services ($634,756) and partners which
include a student conservation corps will implement an integrated pest
management program for invasive species along the Rouge River and on county
property in the Detroit River watershed. The project will control phragmites,
Eurasian milfoil, buckthorn, garlic mustard and other invasive species on 250
acres in the Lake Erie basin.

· The Nature Conservancy ($622,594) will deploy work crews to eliminate invasive
species (including phragmites, Japanese stiltgrass, glossy buckthorn and wild
carrot) from about 400 acres of priority lands in Michigan's Oak Openings Region
and Ohio's western Lake Erie watershed. Removing invasive species from this
globally rare ecosystem will benefit plants, animals and natural communities.

· Cuyahoga River Community Planning Organization ($534,230) will work with the
Crooked River Cooperative Weed Management Area Partnership to identify and
remove invasive plants (including phragmites, cattails, purple loosestrife,
Japanese stiltgrass and hydrilla) from about 1,800 acres in the Cuyahoga River
watershed, which drains into Lake Erie. A regional team will work with local
partners to improve public awareness of invasive plants in this watershed.

· Paul Smith's College of Arts and Sciences ($491,090) and the Lake Ontario
Headwaters Integrated Control Program will coordinate activities in western
Adirondack Park to protect the headwaters of Lake Ontario from aquatic invasive
species. Teams will remove invasive plants from 200 acres along four Adirondack
waterways. In addition, five boat launch sites will be staffed with boat
inspectors.

· Wisconsin Tribal Conservation Advisory Council ($472,920) will use a
conservation corps model to control numerous invasive plant species at several
sites, spanning about 640 acres over 100 river miles in the Lake Michigan and
Lake Superior basins. The project also provides education to tribal youths and
adults on preventing the spread of invasive species.

· The Nature Conservancy ($364,630) will work with private landowners in the
Lake Erie basin to control invasive plants on 500 acres of land adjacent to the
Grand River and its tributaries (including wetlands). This project will control
invasive species such as phragmites and Japanese knotweed, and will create five
seasonal jobs.

· The Nature Conservancy ($254,517) will provide assistance to private
landowners in the western Lake Erie basin to manage invasive plant species on
their property. This project will promote the transition from government's
wide-scale approach to treating and controlling invasive species to an approach
that is landowner-led and property-based.

· Friends of the Cedarburg Bog ($197,119) will implement a project to control
buckthorn in over 600 acres of the Cedarburg Bog near Milwaukee. The bog is an
example of the high-quality wetland communities -- once common to the southern
Lake Michigan watershed -which are now threatened by a growing population of
invasive glossy buckthorn.

· Alger Conservation District ($187,462) will use chemical, biological and
manual methods to control invasive species (including purple loosestrife,
Japanese knotweed and garlic mustard) on 130 acres of land in the central
portion of Michigan's Upper Peninsula in the Lake Michigan and the Lake Superior
basins. The project will also provide outreach to landowners on long-term
strategies to control invasive species.

· West Michigan Shoreline Regional Development Commission ($153,314) and local
partners will implement a project to control phragmites and purple loosestrife
on about 50 acres shoreline wetlands near Muskegon Lake and Bear Lake in the
Lake Michigan basin. Residents and landowners will also be trained on methods to
control invasive plants.

GLRI funding is also used to support efforts to prevent Asian Carp from
establishing populations in the Great Lakes. To date, GLRI has contributed $115
million to the Asian Carp Regional Coordinating Committee and Great Lakes states
for this work.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tester, Cantwell, Udall Introduce Bill to Launch Businesses and
Create Jobs in Indian Country

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senators Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), and Tom Udall (D-N.M.)
today introduced legislation to help launch businesses and create more jobs in
Indian Country.





 Their bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will establish
and fund business incubators in Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate
Native American-owned small businesses.



 "Starting a business is a challenge anywhere, but folks in Indian Country face
even more obstacles when they try and get a business off of the ground," Tester
said. "This bill will provide critical tools to Native American entrepreneurs so
they can strengthen tribal economies and hire folks in their communities."



 "Many of the Northwest Tribes are in isolated regions of our state. This
incubator program helps them build skills and expertise that can help create
jobs in our rural communities. This bill helps provide tools and training to
help Native American-owned businesses thrive and strengthen the communities
around them," said Cantwell.



 "Small businesses create jobs and opportunity and empower people to shape their
own future, and that's why I'm doing all I can to support New Mexico's
entrepreneurs, especially in Indian Country," Udall said. "This bill will help
Native American business owners navigate obstacles, cut through red tape, and
get access to start-up funding. These important tools will help promising
entrepreneurs get off on the right foot so they can launch their businesses -
and stay in business."



 Businesses often struggle in Native American communities because entrepreneurs
must deal with regulatory uncertainty, remoteness, and difficulty accessing
capital.



 Tester, Cantwell, and Udall's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive
grant initiative within the Interior Department to establish or maintain
business incubators that serve Native American communities.



 "The economic contributions of tribal businesses and enterprises have proven
positive impacts to tribes, their surrounding communities, states, and the
national economy. NCAI applauds the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs for
introducing the Native American Business Incubators Bill, which will become a
vital tool for tribal businesses and entrepreneurs to spur job creation and
economic growth in our communities and elsewhere," said Jacqueline Pata,
Executive Director, National Congress of American Indians.



 "We endorse and welcome the introduction of this important legislation that
responds favorably to many requests over the years for Congress to create a
business development program tailored specifically to Indian Country's unique
sovereign and business characteristics and capabilities, and focused on
incubation and access to capital challenges," said Gary Davis, President and CEO
of the National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development.



 Tribal business incubators will create a one-stop-shop for Native American
entrepreneurs so they can get assistance developing a business plan navigating
federal, tribal, and state regulations; and attracting outside investment. The
incubators will also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and
professional networking opportunities.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must serve one or more tribal
communities, submit a three-year plan, provide a physical workspace, offer
business skills training and education, and meet other specific requirements.
Tribes, Tribal Colleges or Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. The Native American Business
Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight to business incubators and
ensure they are delivering on their commitment to Native American entrepreneurs.




 According to the National Congress of American Indians, 39 percent of Native
Americans living on reservations are in poverty and the unemployment rate is 19
percent-more than three times the national average. Additionally, almost half of
working age Native Americans living on reservations in certain states said there
is a lack of jobs in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tester, Cantwell, Udall Introduce Bill to Launch Businesses and
Create Jobs in Indian Country

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senators Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), and Tom Udall (D-N.M.)
today introduced legislation to help launch businesses and create more jobs in
Indian Country.





 Their bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will establish
and fund business incubators in Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate
Native American-owned small businesses.



 "Starting a business is a challenge anywhere, but folks in Indian Country face
even more obstacles when they try and get a business off of the ground," Tester
said. "This bill will provide critical tools to Native American entrepreneurs so
they can strengthen tribal economies and hire folks in their communities."



 "Many of the Northwest Tribes are in isolated regions of our state. This
incubator program helps them build skills and expertise that can help create
jobs in our rural communities. This bill helps provide tools and training to
help Native American-owned businesses thrive and strengthen the communities
around them," said Cantwell.



 "Small businesses create jobs and opportunity and empower people to shape their
own future, and that's why I'm doing all I can to support New Mexico's
entrepreneurs, especially in Indian Country," Udall said. "This bill will help
Native American business owners navigate obstacles, cut through red tape, and
get access to start-up funding. These important tools will help promising
entrepreneurs get off on the right foot so they can launch their businesses -
and stay in business."



 Businesses often struggle in Native American communities because entrepreneurs
must deal with regulatory uncertainty, remoteness, and difficulty accessing
capital.



 Tester, Cantwell, and Udall's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive
grant initiative within the Interior Department to establish or maintain
business incubators that serve Native American communities.



 "The economic contributions of tribal businesses and enterprises have proven
positive impacts to tribes, their surrounding communities, states, and the
national economy. NCAI applauds the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs for
introducing the Native American Business Incubators Bill, which will become a
vital tool for tribal businesses and entrepreneurs to spur job creation and
economic growth in our communities and elsewhere," said Jacqueline Pata,
Executive Director, National Congress of American Indians.



 "We endorse and welcome the introduction of this important legislation that
responds favorably to many requests over the years for Congress to create a
business development program tailored specifically to Indian Country's unique
sovereign and business characteristics and capabilities, and focused on
incubation and access to capital challenges," said Gary Davis, President and CEO
of the National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development.



 Tribal business incubators will create a one-stop-shop for Native American
entrepreneurs so they can get assistance developing a business plan navigating
federal, tribal, and state regulations; and attracting outside investment. The
incubators will also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and
professional networking opportunities.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must serve one or more tribal
communities, submit a three-year plan, provide a physical workspace, offer
business skills training and education, and meet other specific requirements.
Tribes, Tribal Colleges or Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator. The Native American Business
Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight to business incubators and
ensure they are delivering on their commitment to Native American entrepreneurs.




 According to the National Congress of American Indians, 39 percent of Native
Americans living on reservations are in poverty and the unemployment rate is 19
percent-more than three times the national average. Additionally, almost half of
working age Native Americans living on reservations in certain states said there
is a lack of jobs in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             March 20, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Students discover computing skills and culture

BYLINE: Jeff Bell, Times Colonist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 396  words


A program emphasizing computer skills is helping First Nations students delve
into their culture while finding a possible career path.

The pilot phase of Aboriginal Youth Awareness of Computer Science, or ANCEStor,
has wrapped up for a group of Grade 7-10 students at the Lauwelnew Tribal
School, but more is on the way.

"We are going to expand," said Marla Weston, a Camosun College computer-science
instructor who helped establish ANCEStor. "We're hoping to work with Alert Bay,
as well, and in the spring we're going to be heading up to places like Bella
Bella and Alexis Creek in central B.C.

"We're going to look at what the more remote communities need because they're
part of our plan, too."

Weston believes it will be the first time a computerscience initiative from
Camosun has gone so far afield.

ANCEStor started in 2010 with a $54,000 grant for Camosun, spread out over three
years, from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada.
Camosun's efforts have just received an added boost with a two-year, $47,378
grant from the B.C. Campus Online Program Development Fund, a Ministry of
Advanced Education funding body, for an initiative dubbed Indigenous Technology
Career Access.

The latest grant came with the assistance of several partners, including Emily
Carr University of Art + Design, Weston said.

"They will help build three-dimensional cultural images for us. They also have
all kinds of expertise in aboriginal art-making and artistic traditions."

Also involved is Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University, where the key software
is produced.

A team of Camosun students is already producing servers that will be able to be
used all over the province to deliver the program, Weston said. Video tutorials
are also part of the package.

"We had the basic plan, and the B.C. Campus funding will help us with these
video tutorials that we're building and help us deliver them out to
communities."

Internet access will not be needed.

Weston said one of the inspirations for spreading around B.C. was an encounter
with a Chilcotin First Nation youth who had an aptitude for computers.

She was struck by his enthusiasm when she suggested he create a computer game
that featured his culture.

At Lauwelnew, the cultural component of the program saw students completing
projects involving features such as traditional stories and language.
jwbell@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Stone, Times Colonist; Marla Weston helped to establish the
ANCEStor program.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Cohen-Championed Rape Kit Backlog Reduction Grants Now Available

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Steve Cohen, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09) announced today that two new federal grant
programs aimed at eliminating the nationwide backlog of untested forensic sexual
assault kits are now accepting applications. Congressman Cohen championed the
funding needed to create these programs during last year's budget negotiations
and successfully fought to increase their funding by an additional $5 million.
Untested sexual assault kits are a significant public safety hazard that
prevents law enforcement from apprehending violent criminals, increases the risk
of additional crimes, and robs victims of the justice they deserve.

"No one should be a victim of sexual assault, but it is a further travesty when
communities are terrorized simply because evidence that could be used to prevent
these crimes sits untested on a shelf somewhere." said Congressman Cohen. "We
know that, if tested, these rape kits could help catch perpetrators and prevent
additional attacks. We must do more to cut through this backlog--it's the least
we can do to give victims the justice they deserve and it is an imperative if we
want to keep our communities safe from predators. That's why I was proud to
champion a new grant program specifically aimed at cutting through the backlog
and why I am pleased to announce that these grants are now available to Memphis
and other communities around the country struggling to provide justice to
victims."

Congressman Cohen authored a deficit-neutral provision included in the 2015
federal budget to transfer $5 million to a new grant program focused
specifically on helping law enforcement agencies cut through their sexual
assault kit backlogs. The additional funding increased the program's budget by
nearly 15%, from $36 million to $41 million, and increases Memphis' chance of
receiving the funding necessary to significantly reduce its current backlog. The
two new federal grant programs are:

National Sexual Assault Kit Initiative (SAKI) FY 2015 Competitive Grant:

This program provides grants to address the growing backlog of sexual assault
kits (SAK) at law enforcement agencies. State, local, and tribal law enforcement
agencies, prosecutor's offices, and certain governmental non-law enforcement
agencies are eligible to apply for these grants. Details about how to apply for
this grant are available here.

SAKI: National Training and Technical Assistance FY 2015 Competitive Grant:

This program provides grants to support national training and technical
assistance for jurisdictions engaged in comprehensive sexual assault response
reform related to the issue of untested sexual assault kits. For-profit
organizations, nonprofit organizations (including tribal nonprofit or for-profit
organizations), faith-based and community organizations, institutions of higher
education, and consortiums with demonstrated experience providing national and
local-level training and technical assistance are eligible to apply for these
grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Cantwell, Tester, Udall Introduce Bill to Launch Businesses and
Create Jobs in Indian Country

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator  Maria Cantwell has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Maria Cantwell (D-WA), Jon Tester (D-MT), and Tom Udall
(D-NM) introduced legislation to help launch businesses and create more jobs in
Indian Country.





 Their bill, the Native American Business Incubators Program Act, will establish
and fund business incubators in Indian Country to help start-up and cultivate
Native American-owned small businesses.



 "Many of the Northwest Tribes are in isolated regions of our state," said
Cantwell. "This incubator program helps them build skills and expertise that can
help create jobs in our rural communities. This bill helps provide tools and
training to help Native American-owned businesses thrive and strengthen the
communities around them."



 "Starting a business is a challenge anywhere, but folks in Indian Country face
even more obstacles when they try and get a business off of the ground," Tester
said.  "This bill will provide critical tools to Native American entrepreneurs
so they can strengthen tribal economies and hire folks in their communities."



 "Small businesses create jobs and opportunity and empower people to shape their
own future, and that's why I'm doing all I can to support New Mexico's
entrepreneurs, especially in Indian Country," Udall said. "This bill will help
Native American business owners navigate obstacles, cut through red tape, and
get access to start-up funding. These important tools will help promising
entrepreneurs get off on the right foot so they can launch their businesses --
and stay in business."



 Businesses often struggle in Native American communities because entrepreneurs
must deal with regulatory uncertainty, remoteness, and difficulty accessing
capital.



 Cantwell, Tester, and Udall's bill will create an annual $5 million competitive
grant initiative within the Interior Department to establish or maintain
business incubators that serve Native American communities.



 "We endorse and welcome the introduction of this important legislation that
responds favorably to many requests over the years for Congress to create a
business development program tailored specifically to Indian Country's unique
sovereign and business characteristics and capabilities, and focused on
incubation and access to capital challenges," said Gary Davis, President and CEO
of the National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development.



 Tribal business incubators will create a one-stop-shop for Native American
entrepreneurs so they can get assistance developing a business plan navigating
federal, tribal, and state regulations; and attracting outside investment.  The
incubators will also provide entrepreneurs a connected workspace and
professional networking opportunities.



 To be considered for a grant, the applicant must serve one or more tribal
communities, submit a three-year plan, provide a physical workspace, offer
business skills training and education, and meet other specific requirements.
Tribes, Tribal Colleges or Universities, and non-profit organizations are
eligible to operate a business incubator.  The Native American Business
Incubators Program Act will also provide oversight to business incubators and
ensure they are delivering on their commitment to Native American entrepreneurs.




 According to the National Congress of American Indians, 39 percent of Native
Americans living on reservations are in poverty and the unemployment rate is 19
percent--more than three times the national average.  Additionally, almost half
of working age Native Americans living on reservations in certain states said
there is a lack of jobs in their community.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

In-State Tuition Creates Opportunity for American Indian Students

LENGTH: 1424  words

DATELINE: Tucson


University of Arizona has issued the following news release:

A policy granting members of all federally recognized tribes in Arizona in-state
tuition -- even those who choose to return after attending an institution
elsewhere -- is helping to retain American Indian students by making educational
costs more affordable.

Since the residency classification policy was approved by the Arizona Board of
Regents in 2013, the University of Arizona has enrolled 85 undergraduate and 15
graduate students under the exception. The UA's total American Indian student
population is 1,201.

"People are so pleased that we have this policy in place," said Karen
Francis-Begay (Navajo), the UA assistant vice president for tribal relations.

The policy also came from a need to expand the state's educated workforce to
address problems related to social and economic inequity, and to help drive
economic development for the state and tribal nations.

"Of course, there is the economic benefit for the state, as many of these
students will hopefully stay in Arizona and contribute to the Arizona's
workforce," Francis-Begay said, adding that some out-of-state resident students
who had chosen to study in other states are being encouraged to return to
Arizona and qualify for in-state tuition if they are enrolled members of one of
the 22 Arizona tribes.

More than 35 tribal colleges exist in more than a dozen states, and they attract
many American Indian students from Arizona. Previously, the policy would have
prevented Arizona students who left the state from being considered for in-state
tuition, prompting many of these students to remain in the state of the tribal
college. The policy lures them back.

"These students will probably have a tendency to remain in Arizona for
employment because they are forever tied to their traditional homelands,"
Francis-Begay said.

The policy signals an investment in recruiting, retaining and graduating more
American Indian students, and it also respects the sovereignty held by the
state's 22 tribal nations, said Arizona Board of Regents member LuAnn Leonard
(Hopi, Tohono O'odham).

"It gives the strong sense that we want them here," said Leonard, also executive
director of the Hopi Education Endowment Fund. "The policy is a good start, and
it will make a significant difference. I'm excited about that."

Leonard reported that a total of 358 students have been granted the exception at
Arizona State and Northern Arizona universities. All told, about 4,200 American
Indian students attend one of the state's higher-education institutions.

"It's still a few years out that we will begin to see the concrete benefits of
this policy," Leonard said, noting that the next phase of benefits will be when
graduates begin expanding their statewide contributions with diplomas in hand.

"Each of those graduates will be bringing skills that are going to make a huge
differences in our communities," she said. "They will be able to thrive
professionally and also participate in centuries-old cultural duties to ensure
that our tribal nations will continue to grow."

An Integrated Approach of Support

The policy revision is not retroactive to previous semesters. Continuing
students who have been classified as non-residents must change their residency
classification.

The UA has since changed its application for admission so that students who
qualify are identified earlier in the admissions process.

Also, the University has begun sending direct email messages to students,
informing them of the policy change, and also maintaining recruitment drives in
collaboration with tribal nations.

"We want to honor students' cultural heritage and offer them the same
opportunity that other residents are receiving," said Kasey Urquidez, the UA's
vice president for Enrollment Management and Student Affairs Advancement, and
also the undergraduate admissions dean.

Urquidez also emphasized that the UA has long been committed to supporting
American Indian students and will remain supportive of tribal nations statewide.

"It begins at the recruitment phase with early outreach all the way through
graduation," Urquidez said. "And UA units are coming together and are dedicated
to reaching out to students of all populations, and especially our tribal
nations in Arizona. We have changed our model to be very, very focused on
helping all students see themselves here and graduating."

Urquidez said programs and initiatives such as the Wisdom Project, a federally
funded high school completion and college readiness initiative in partnership
with the Baboquivari Unified School District, are greatly enhancing the
University's capacity to retain and graduate American Indian students.

At the advanced-degree level, the UA-based Sloan Indigenous Graduate Partnership
is a multimillion-dollar effort to increase the number of Native American
students in graduate programs, and Knowledge River offers immersive training for
librarians who will work with largely American Indian and Hispanic populations.
Also, the Native American Research and Training Center recently received a
$975,000 federal grant, Indians Into Medicine, or INMED, to help Native American
students pursue degrees in medical and health professions.

Other programs, including Native American College Day, the Native American
Science and Engineering Program and Native SOAR (Student Outreach, Access and
Resiliency), involve youths in the college-going process and campus programs,
all to help gain a better understanding of campus life so that they are even
more prepared when it is time to pursue a degree.

"We want to make sure we are supporting these students and we are getting there
with an integrated approach," Urquidez said.

Training Future Professionals

The policy also makes Arizona more attractive to students who may have had an
eye on institutions in states such as California, Colorado and Oklahoma, where
they could find access to tuition waivers and in-state tuition, among other
supports.

"We were losing students," Leonard said.

The policy change also means that tribal nations will be able to support more
students. "Whereas you were only able to support one student in the past, now
you are able to support two or three. It allows more opportunities," she said.

Cheyenne Yazzie (Navajo), who is from Tuba City, Arizona, said it would not have
been viable to pay for out-of-state tuition and that the new policy has enabled
her to pursue her degree at the UA.

"My family has struggled with money, so I never thought college was an option,"
said Yazzie, a biochemistry major. After earning her degree, Yazzie intends to
enlist and make a career out of military service.

Sheilah Allison (Navajo), a physiology major from Mesa, Arizona, also benefits
from the exception. Allison wanted to attend the UA but chose to attend Mesa
Community College because she could not afford the tuition and cost of living in
Tucson. Then she learned about the policy change.

"My parents have put my other siblings through college, and I did not want to
put them further into debt. The policy has enabled me to pay in-state tuition
instead of out-of-state, which has been very helpful (with) costs," said
Allison, who is also in the family studies and human development program.

After her undergraduate degree, Allison plans to work toward an M.D./M.P.H.
degree.

"My dream is to become a primary care physician with a specialization in
pediatrics," she said. "As a Diné woman, I also want to give back to the Navajo
Nation and serve my people."

Tracey Cayatineto (Navajo), who is from Gallup, New Mexico, was drawn to the UA
because of the master's degree in public health practice based at the Phoenix
campus. With the residency exception, it is all the more affordable for her.

"When I was considering graduate programs that I would apply to, I had to look
at not only the education offered but also the affordability for me and my
family," said Cayatineto, a first-year student in the program.

"The residency exception allows me to receive incredible instruction from
wonderful faculty in the M.P.H. program at a cost that I am able to afford," she
said. "My plans are to take the knowledge, skills and networks that I receive
from UA and work with Native American communities to aid in the efforts to
increase better health outcomes for Native American populations."

Native SOAR prepared this video in response to the first lady Michelle Obama's
Near-Peer Mentoring College Challenge:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                   February 15, 2012 Wednesday 10:59 PM  EST

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY OF NMDC

LENGTH: 825 words


NEW DELHI, Feb. 15 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

NMDC, a Public Sector Undertaking under the Ministry of Steel, is presently
operating three major mechanized iron ore mines (two in Bailadila region of
Chhattisgarh and one in Bellary-Hospet Region of Karnataka), Diamond Mining
Project, Panna in Madhya. Its expansion / restoration projects are also in
progress in Arki Lime Stone Project in Himachal Pradesh, Magnesite Project in
Jammu & Kashmir and feasibility studies for minerals in Andhra Pradesh, Orissa
and Tamilnadu, etc.

NMDC has taken on themselves its obligation to the society and the people in
need especially in under developed areas including tribal villages with special
emphasis in the surrounding areas of the projects and establishments of NMDC.
While the States have been carrying out a number of development projects, NMDC
on its part likes to participate / contribute and makes its presence in social,
economical, infrastructural, educational, cultural activities etc., development
for augmenting the quality of life of people in areas surrounding its projects
and establishments and society in general. The purpose of these efforts would be
not only to help people by providing facilities for health, education, civic
amenities etc. but also to create opportunities for development of skills,
employment including self-employment and to improve quality and dignity of life.
NMDC on its part will not only have the satisfaction of being a part of the
larger society, which has created it but also to create an environment, which
ultimately would be providing NMDC the much needed resources from an
economically productive society including employable people as well as peace
loving community.

With 'People' at heart of its philosophy and approach to Corporate Social
Responsibility (CSR), NMDC has been striving to carryout meaningful work in the
fields of Education, Health care, sustainable income generation and Agricultural
development thus contributing to Nation building.

Recognizing that education is an integral path of human development, NMDC has
contributed to empowerment of Tribal, Scheduled Caste and Poor children through
education. It has set up high quality free residential schools for tribal
children and provided scholarships to 10,000 tribal and poor students in 330
schools in 5 districts of Bastar at an annual expenditure of Rs.4 crores. The
company has constructed schools and hostels for students including girl
children, provided mid-day meal to 10,000 rural children, set up ITI's &
Polytechnic for technical education, supported the establishment of medical
college and promoted reservation of seats in management institute(IPE) for
tribal & poor children.

Major Education related initiatives of 2010-11

* Dantewada, South Bastar - Education Improvement Program in 84 Schools in
Dantewada block of Bastar region in Chhattisgarh through special coaching
before/after school hours.

* A Polytechnic College with Mechanical & Electrical trades has been established
at Dantewada in South Bastar, Chhattisgarh. 112 students are pursuing their
studies here.

* Nagarnar, Bastar - A residential school for tribal children of Bastar region
has been established at Nagarnar, Bastar in Chhattisgarh.

* 194 children from remote villages have been brought into the school in classes
I to III through visit of NMDC volunteers.

* Established an ITI with two trades at Nagarnar, Bastar, Chhattisgarh with
plans to gradually add more trades.

NMDC has made efforts to bridge the gap of poor connectivity by laying several
kilometers of metalled & tarred roads, construction of High-level bridge on
Sankini river at Dantewada, South Bastar and construction of by-pass road for
Jagdalpur.

NMDC runs three hospitals at Project sites, in collaboration with M/s Apollo and
M/s Yashoda Hospitals offering free medical treatment not only to staff but to
the local communities as well, addressing the needs of an average 80,000
out-patients & 8,000 in-patients from local tribals every year.

NMDC operates 'Hospital on Wheels' (HoW) service in Bailadila benefitting about
20000 tribal villagers in 37 Villages.

NMDC has released the balance Rs.10 crores against the committed total financial
assistance of Rs.50 crores to Chhattisgarh for establishment of Medical College
at Jagdalpur.

The company has initiated Integrated development work in 5 villages in South
Bastar, Dantewada, Chhattisgarh in addition to the 8 villages where similar
works are already in progress focusing on Literacy, Health & Hygiene,
Agriculture, Infrastructure development & Income generation activities.

Inter Project tournaments, both indoor and outdoor, for the employees and games
and sports for the wards were held in different projects during the year apart
from promoting sport events under CSR. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce New $1.8 Million Investment in Northwest NM
Economic Development, Job Creation

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $1.8
million in grants for the San Juan College School of Energy, the Northwest New
Mexico Council of Governments and the Navajo Nation Government to help diversify
the economy in Northwest New Mexico and create new jobs in economically
sustainable industries in the San Juan Basin. The San Juan College School of
Energy received a $1.4 million grant from the Economic Development
Administration (EDA) to provide re-employment services to workers impacted by
changes in the regional energy economy, and to partner with employers in
expanding sectors like information technology, health care and energy. The
Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments received a $327,300 grant from EDA
to conduct a study on the impacts of the coal industry in the San Juan Basin and
surrounding communities, evaluate future opportunities and obstacles to economic
diversification, and create a report summarizing recommendations for future
economic growth. The Navajo Nation Government received a $147,900 EDA grant to
develop an economic recovery strategy to address negative impacts of job losses
due to coal mine closures.





 "The San Juan College School of Energy, Northwest New Mexico Council of
Governments and the Navajo Nation Government are doing important work to prepare
New Mexicans for the jobs of the future in our changing energy economy, and
these EDA grants are smart investments in New Mexico's workforce," Udall said.
"The study will help communities in the San Juan Basin identify and build on
their strengths to create jobs in the region. The study complements funding that
will enable the San Juan College School of Energy to continue to provide
training and hands-on work experience. Additional funding will help the Navajo
Nation strategize how to create new jobs in energy and other fields. These
grants are steps in the right direction, and as a member of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight for resources to help workers
in New Mexico get the skills they need to succeed in new and expanding
industries."



 "These smart investments will help diversify northwestern New Mexico's
economy," Heinrich said. "San Juan College School of Energy is well positioned
to provide our workforce with hands-on training to compete in the tech, health
care, and energy sectors, which could yield dividends in job creation and
increase employment opportunities. I'm also pleased with the investment made in
the Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments to examine the economic
strengths around the San Juan Basin community. This study will provide
recommendations on how to leverage our resources to ensure industries in the
area thrive. Additionally, the investment for the Navajo Tribal Nation
Government will allow for greater assessment of ways to grow Indian Country's
energy sector. When our workers have the tools they need to succeed, everyone
wins."



 The EDA provided the grants through the administration's Partnerships for
Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative, which
is a collaborative effort between the EDA, the U.S. Department of Labor's
Employment and Training Administration, the Small Business Administration, and
the Appalachian Regional Commission. The initiative provides federal resources
to assist communities that have been negatively impacted by changes in the coal
industry and power sector to diversify their economies and create jobs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Udall, Heinrich Announce New $1.8 Million Investment in Northwest NM
Economic Development, Job Creation

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Tom Udall has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced more than $1.8
million in grants for the San Juan College School of Energy, the Northwest New
Mexico Council of Governments and the Navajo Nation Government to help diversify
the economy in Northwest New Mexico and create new jobs in economically
sustainable industries in the San Juan Basin. The San Juan College School of
Energy received a $1.4 million grant from the Economic Development
Administration (EDA) to provide re-employment services to workers impacted by
changes in the regional energy economy, and to partner with employers in
expanding sectors like information technology, health care and energy. The
Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments received a $327,300 grant from EDA
to conduct a study on the impacts of the coal industry in the San Juan Basin and
surrounding communities, evaluate future opportunities and obstacles to economic
diversification, and create a report summarizing recommendations for future
economic growth. The Navajo Nation Government received a $147,900 EDA grant to
develop an economic recovery strategy to address negative impacts of job losses
due to coal mine closures.





 "The San Juan College School of Energy, Northwest New Mexico Council of
Governments and the Navajo Nation Government are doing important work to prepare
New Mexicans for the jobs of the future in our changing energy economy, and
these EDA grants are smart investments in New Mexico's workforce," Udall said.
"The study will help communities in the San Juan Basin identify and build on
their strengths to create jobs in the region. The study complements funding that
will enable the San Juan College School of Energy to continue to provide
training and hands-on work experience. Additional funding will help the Navajo
Nation strategize how to create new jobs in energy and other fields. These
grants are steps in the right direction, and as a member of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight for resources to help workers
in New Mexico get the skills they need to succeed in new and expanding
industries."



 "These smart investments will help diversify northwestern New Mexico's
economy," Heinrich said. "San Juan College School of Energy is well positioned
to provide our workforce with hands-on training to compete in the tech, health
care, and energy sectors, which could yield dividends in job creation and
increase employment opportunities. I'm also pleased with the investment made in
the Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments to examine the economic
strengths around the San Juan Basin community. This study will provide
recommendations on how to leverage our resources to ensure industries in the
area thrive. Additionally, the investment for the Navajo Tribal Nation
Government will allow for greater assessment of ways to grow Indian Country's
energy sector. When our workers have the tools they need to succeed, everyone
wins."



 The EDA provided the grants through the administration's Partnerships for
Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative, which
is a collaborative effort between the EDA, the U.S. Department of Labor's
Employment and Training Administration, the Small Business Administration, and
the Appalachian Regional Commission. The initiative provides federal resources
to assist communities that have been negatively impacted by changes in the coal
industry and power sector to diversify their economies and create jobs



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: Native American Heritage Month 2015

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Madison: Medical College of Wisconsin, The State of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:



 Native American Heritage Month is honored annually in November in the United
States to pay tribute to the rich ancestry and heritage of Native Americans
(American Indians). It is a perfect time to highlight some of the programs the
Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW) has in place to address health problems that
impact Native Americans disproportionately.





 Some of these health problems include access to care, heart disease, cancer,
unintentional injuries (accidents), diabetes and stroke. Native Americans also
have a high prevalence and risk factors for mental health and suicide, obesity,
substance abuse, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), teenage pregnancy, liver
disease and hepatitis.



 The Institute for Health and Society is collaborating with the Great Lakes
Native American Research Center for Health to establish health research
initiatives that reduce disparities and build tribal health sciences
capabilities.  The research center, a component of the Great Lakes Inter-Tribal
Council, Inc., is located in Lac Du Flambeau, Wis.



 As part of these efforts, programs have been developed to provide American
Indian high school and undergraduate students opportunities to learn more about
careers in health care and the health sciences. Since 2003, as a result of these
efforts, 130 American Indian students have participated in internships in these
fields, and several hundred high school students have participated in field
trips to places like Discovery World.



 Matthew Dellinger, PhD, Research Specialist in the Institute for Health and
Society, is currently conducting research projects through the Great Lakes
Native American Research Center for Health to help reduce health disparities. He
serves on two Great Lakes-based tribal health committees and is studying
contaminants in fish.



 Dr. Dellinger serves as Scientific Coordinator for these Great Lakes Native
American Research Center for Health projects and has been actively involved in
building the program for more than four years.  The center grant was recently
renewed through 2018.  Dr. Dellinger hopes to grow MCW&rsquo;s involvement in
these projects. This past summer, 20 high school students from the Great Lakes
Native American Research Center for Health program visited the trauma center at
Froedert Hospital. The tour included the emergency room and flight for life
helicopter pad.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

PRN scheme on way for regularization

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 567 words


The state government on Monday offered a major relief to the 3 lakh residents of
Prithviraj Nagar, revising the regularization plan for the colony, which
included reduction of development and allotment charges.

Acting on a high court directive, the Ashok Gehlot government too had launched
an initiative to regularize and develop the colony , which was stalled due to
the high developmental charges that the residents strongly objected to.

The revised plan is expected to ease the way for regularization of the colony,
which has been the demand for over two decades now. After being voted to power
in December 2013, Vasundhara Raje had promised a time-bound regularization plan
for Prithviraj Nagar. "The cabinet decision on the regularization and allocation
of 11,181 sq feet land at Prithviraj Nagar would benefit 3 lakh people living in
the area," said parliamentary affairs minister Rajendra Rathore, addressing
media persons after the meeting.

The cabinet also gave its nod to lift the ban on granting mining leases in the
tribal belt."This is a step taken to relieve some 75,000 to 1 lakh tribal
families,'' said Rajendra Rathore.In January 2008, the BJP government had lifted
the ban which was imposed by Ashok Gehlot government in 2000."The previous
government imposed a ban again in 2009 after they came to power in December
2008, which is now being lifted,'' said Rathore.

He added that tribal families and locals would be given preference during
allotment

of leases. "A six-member subcabinet committee has also been formed which would
submit its report to the chief minister in 20 days on how to go about the
allotments,'' said Rathore.

The cabinet also reduced the probationary period of two years to one year for
employees on higher cadres such as medical education and in universities.

"It had been a long standing demand from experienced personnel on higher cadres
for a reduction in the probation period since they need not gain

experience. Hence professors, assistant professors and similar professionals to
be recruited in future will be on probation for only a year now,'' Rathore
explained.

The state government also decided to grant 20% increased pension to the family
upon the death of a govt employee. "So far, 30% was the benefit given to the
family of the deceased employee but now on they will get a 50% pension up to the
age of 66 years instead 65 years,'' Rathore said.

The cabinet also slashed the royalty rates on major miner

als such as marble, sandstone and granites by Rs 20 from the existing rates.

"Sandstone royalty have been reduced to Rs 240 per tonne from the existing Rs
265 per tonne whereas royalty rate on Makrana marble slab and tile have been
reduced by Rs 20 a tonne from the prevalent Rs 380. Marble blocks in other areas
would now on incur a royalty of Rs 430 whereas granite boxes will be charged Rs
215,'' he said.

The cabinet also announced a budget of Rs 30 crore in the current financial year
for increased facilities and super-specialities for RNT Medical college and
hospital in Udaipur.

Also, money has been allocated for a 200-capacity tribal girls hostel at
Government Meera girls college in Udaipur.

"The historical Ayad river will get a facelift as the government has decided to
sanction Rs 180 crore for the renovation and cleaning of the river," said
Rathore, adding that adventure tourism in Udaipur and Jaisamand will be promoted
on PPP mode said Rathore.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

HRD Ministry shows 100-day report card

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 11 -- Highlighting the new initiatives taken in the first 100
days of the Government, Union Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Z Irani
on Monday said that deliberations for a new education policy will be started in
January 2015.


 For this, ten goal posts have been identified and research groups are being set
up to identify the needs of the country in terms of its research and technology
requirements. These groups are expected to share first report by March 2015.
 Expressing concern over the quality of learning outcomes, Secretary, Department
of School Education and Literacy, R Bhattacharya, said, "In the first 100 days,
the highest focus has been on addressing the deficit in learning outcomes in
terms of time and subjects. For the upper primary level, Rashtriya Aavishkar
Abhiyan will be rolled out in a few months. This would focus on maths and
science at both school and higher education level."
 It has also been decided that States would conduct third party assessment for
schools every year. A framework for school assessment and evaluation is being
developed and is expected to be rolled out by 2015, Bhattacharya added.
 R P Sisodia, Joint Secretary, Higher Education, said, "A database of scientists
and scholars from India and abroad is also being created to facilitate their
interaction with students and faculty which should start from academic year
2015."
 Under a new scheme, Unnat Bharat Abhiyan, which would be coordinated by IIT
Delhi, reputed institutes will work to evolve technologies for rural
development.
 Also, to promote vocational education, colleges have been given the power to
grant certificate/diploma under the community college scheme implemented by UGC,
Sisodia added. UGC has also accorded sanction to 102 community colleges and 127
B. Voc degree programmes entailing financial outlay of [#x20b9]329 crore.
 Highlights
 * 19 new institutions - five IITs, six IIMs, four Central varsities, one IISER
(AP), one NIT (AP), one IIIT (AP), one Tribal varsity in Telangana
 * Padhe Bharat Badhe Bharat launched as sub component of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan
 * Swachh Vidyalaya campaign to ensure the provision of a functional toilet in
every school before August 15, 2015
 * SAWYAM or Study Webs of Active Learning for Young Aspiring Minds will be
launched which would ensure free learning of online courses by professors of
IITs, IIMs, central universities. Small fee will be applicable for certificate
 * National E-library operational in academic year 2015
 * GIS mapping of schools completed for 13 states, underway for another 8
 For Girls
 * Beti Bachao Beti Padhao launched
 * Scholarships to 4,000 girls to pursue technical education under PRAGATI or
Providing Assistance for Girls' Advancement in Technical Education Initiative
 * 300 scholars would be provided fellowship under Swami Vivekananda Single Girl
Child Scholarship for Research in Social Sciences
 * UDAAN, undertaken by CBSE, to enable girls to smoothly transit from school to
higher education especially in math and science
 For Northeast
 * Ishan Uday would grant 10,000 scholarships to students for undergraduate
studies
 * Ishan Vikas would facilitate visits/internships of students with IITs, NITs,
IISERs
 For Differently Abled
 * AICTE to award 1000 scholarships each year to pursue technical education

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2012 Sunday

Chief brings change: Moves in first months make Creek tribal history

BYLINE: Wendy Burton, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1150 words


March 11--Nearly two months after his inauguration, Muscogee (Creek) Nation
Chief George Tiger and the new administration are working diligently toward
meeting the goals set out in Tiger's plan.

The new chief has already set several precedents in tribal history, and more are
on the horizon.

"Chief Tiger is a visionary, and he provides the impetus in making change to
create this environment for all the growth that's exploding right now in the
Creek Nation," said Chief of Staff Edwin Marshall. "We are on the cusp of making
big changes that have long needed to be made, changes in economic development
and tribal economy and more that befit the fourth-largest tribe in the nation.
It's all coming to fruition very soon."

Tiger said things are going well for the new administration, with several
accomplishments made since his Jan. 7 inauguration.

"We're still in a transition period, and even though we're actually finishing up
the second month on the job, we feel really good about where we're headed,"
Tiger said.

Tiger spoke of initiatives that he undertook in his first month of office in his
first State of the Nation address to the National Council on Jan. 28. A Small
Business planning grant had been applied for, farming leases are in negotiation,
and new nominations for court judges, justices, an attorney general and college
board regents have been made, Tiger told the council. He presented a 90-day plan
for changes to be made in several areas, including judiciary, education and
economic development.

One of Tiger's first orders of business was restoring the Duck Creek and Eufaula
Creek communities charters.

"In the past I think tribal government got way too involved in what was going on
in the communities," Tiger said. "The previous administration did a proclamation
on Duck Creek and Eufaula Creek communities and pulled their charters. Two weeks
ago I did an executive order lifting them from that proclamation, reinstating
their charters and returning them to the communities."

Tiger said the Nation will be providing those communities with any assistance
they need to succeed.

In another history-creating move, a new district court judge has been appointed
from the Yuchi tribe, he said. Gregory Bigler was appointed unanimously by the
National Council on Jan. 28.

The Yuchi were once a separate tribe but became one with the Muscogee (Creek)
before the removal to Indian Territory when they were removed with the Creek
Nation. The Yuchi have their own language and culture.

"It's actually a historic appointment," Tiger said. "It's the first time we've
had the Yuchi in that position, and we're pleased that we're involving our Yuchi
tribal members in our administration."

The Creek Nation's judicial branch has seen some rocky times. The district court
judge's appointment was not confirmed by the National Council, and the Council
voted to dissolve the court entirely in November 2010. There was confusion and
controversy over whether Judge Patrick Moore's court orders to the National
Council were valid and whether several council members were required by law to
answer subpoenas.

But the tribe has put all that behind them as they move on with a modified court
system, Tiger said.

The National Council also voted at the Jan. 28 meeting to create three district
courts rather than the one court the tribe has traditionally held -- a civil
division, family division and crime division.

Tiger said the appointment of several key members of the judicial branch at the
outset of his term are very important.

"And the relationship we have with our legislature is key, also," he said.
"We've established a good line of communication with our legislature."

Andrew Adams and Senator Richard Lerblance have been appointed as supreme court
justices for the tribe, and Roger Wiley was appointed as attorney general.

Other judiciary items in the 90-day plan include a financial audit of the
branch, including all bank accounts previously under judiciary control and a
review of at-large representation and whether it is truly constitutional.

The controller's office will also see changes under the 90-day plan.

"We also appointed James Pratt as controller, who is very familiar with our
system," Tiger said. "He's come in and just done a bang-up job. We're looking at
a more consumer-friendly atmosphere here at Creek Nation with all of our
programs."

Some of the items listed in the 90-day plan related to the controller's office
include periodic training for program staff and employees and reforming the
budgeting process.

When Tiger gave his inauguration address Jan. 7, he mentioned three key items he
wishes to make changes in -- health care, jobs and economic development.

Improving health care services is at the top of his list.

"In the past, health care administration has been under the chief's office, and
I feel like it needs to be separate," Tiger said. "In the past, has been
bottlenecked in administration.

The tribe is returning fiscal and human resources responsibilities to the health
division, he said, in order to provide better services for tribal members.

Other health care items included in Tiger's plan include appointment of a new
health administrator/director and an evaluation of management and accounting
systems and necessary updates to each.

Jobs are an important issue for Tiger as well, he said.

The Nation employs more than 4,000 employees within the Muscogee (Creek) Nation,
Marshall said.

Ancillary agencies are estimated to employ another 30 percent.

"We project that number to rise dramatically with the developments planned by
the new administration," Marshall said. "Once again, many are non-citizens and
all contribute to the state income tax base and local economies."

The Nation has also begun an initiative to find tribal members who wish to work
for the nation -- in fact, key cabinet positions have been left unfilled
temporarily because of the initiative, Tiger said.

A request was sent out to all tribal members for resumes from any who have
interest in a position.

"We've had a tremendous outpouring of response," Tiger said.

Economic development is also included in Tiger's 90-day plan. Among items to be
addressed are corporate charters, a review of banking services, new business
ventures and a three-person gaming commission.

Tiger plans to address community issues as well. He will hold community meetings
to meet with the leadership and members of all communities to get their input
into needed reforms.

Additionally, an initiative to withdraw and/or settle any pending lawsuits is
under way, "to re-establish a relationship of mutual trust and respect between
the Muscogee (Creek) Nation government and the communities," the plan states.

Reach Wendy Burton at (918) 684-2926 or wburton@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2012 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120311-XK-Chief-brings-change-Moves-in-first-months-make-Creek-tribal
-history-0311-20120311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2012 Muskogee Phoenix

                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

Dera Ghazi Khan University looking at new horizons

BYLINE: Tariq Ismaeel

LENGTH: 394  words


The Dera Ghazi Khan University has set up a charity-based foundation to provide
financially-deprived students, need-based scholarships that would help them
continue their studies, Professor Muhammad Khaliq Ahmad, the newly appointed
vice chancellor of Dera Ghazi Khan University, told The Express Tribune.

He said the university was looking to cater to the academic needs of students
from a diverse range of backgrounds. The university had a quota for students
from tribal areas, he said. Two seats would be allocated for these students
every year.

We want the poor and the financially deprived to have access to quality higher
education, he said. The Ghazi University Foundation will seek donations from
affluent people in the country and abroad, he said.

The vice chancellor said the university had set up a technical training
programme through mobile classrooms that will visit and train the youth in rural
and tribal areas near Dera Ghazi Khan city. They will be trained in a wide array
of skills including basic computer skills.

The university is planning to open several new departments, he said. In this
regard, the Dera Ghazi Khan University, the Bahauddin Zakariya University and
the Islamia University Bahawalpur the three largest universities in south Punjab
will work towards academic and professional collaborations. He said that the
Dera Ghazi Khan University had unique importance because it was situated in the
Koh-i-Suleman Range.

Ahmad said that this academic triangle would help advance research and
development and will work towards more progressive education reforms.

The Dera Ghazi Khan University will also establish knowledge centres which will
help promote the varsity all over the world, he said. Another project on the
cards was a students' society for peace and justice. We understand how the
youth, especially from less financially and educationally privileged backgrounds
can be drawn towards militancy and religious fundamentalismÂ¦we think the
initiative to combat such ideas should stem from among the studentsÂ¦the Peace
and Justice Society can help come up with innovative ideas to counter virulent
narratives.

He said in some cases, financial and educational deprivation could lead to
social evils. The university is looking to establish a code of conduct for
varsity students and staffÂ¦everyone on campus will be required to abide by it.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

UMPI opens Native American center in Houlton

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: HOULTON


A new portion of the Houlton Higher Education Center is going to support
American Indian students as they make their way through college.

Officials from the University of Maine at Presque Isle and area tribal elders
gathered at the Houlton center Wednesday for the dedication of the Houlton
Native Education Center within the HHEC designed specifically for Native
American students in southern Aroostook County.

The center, a branch of UMPI, is where a number of local students, including
many Native American students, take classes.

Similar to the Native Education Center located on the UMPI campus, the center in
Houlton was established to better serve American Indian students and provide
them with strong support as they complete college. The centers provide
everything from tutoring services and assistance in filling out paperwork to
establishing positive connections on campus.

Eddy Ruiz, Project Compass director of student success and innovative education
for both the Presque Isle and Houlton locations, said the new space in the
Houlton center is going to be very beneficial.

"Native American students are the largest percentage of minority students at
UMPI and the Houlton Higher Education Center," he said Thursday. "A lot of these
students sometimes don't feel that they fit in at college because many have
spent their whole lives in Native American communities and lived on
reservations. They come to college and feel isolated, and there are still a lot
of stereotypes out there about Native Americans."

Both of the centers have been running since November, but have not been fully
equipped until now. Ruiz said that having both centers completed is going to
have a significant effect on the number of students it serves.

"Now that we have gotten more equipped, we are seeing the foot traffic pick up,"
he said. "Students are coming in for help, to use our computers and do homework
or just to hang out. And these centers are not just for Native American
students, they are for anyone who wants to learn more about the Native America
culture."

The dedication of the center in Houlton began when Danya Boyce of the Houlton
Band of Maliseet Indians and Imelda Perley of Tobique First Nation oversaw
cultural ceremonies including a cleansing-purification of the building,
ceremonial prayers and a blessing of the site. Other tribal officials, including
a representative from the Aroostook Band of Micmacs, also took part in the
event.

"We are so pleased to be joining with tribal elders throughout the region in
dedicating the Houlton Native Education Center and creating a comfortable space
for our Native American students as they take their university classes," said
UMPI President Don Zillman. "This center will help our students continue their
educational success and allow us to continue the good work that is being done
through our Project Compass efforts."

The centers are one component of a major grant project that has been under way
at UMPI since last year.

Last January, UMPI became eligible to receive up to $750,000 over the next four
years from the Nellie Mae Education Foundation to enable the university to
better serve its American Indian student population as well as the region's
American Indian community.

UMPI is one of four universities in New England chosen to participate in Project
Compass, the Nellie Mae Education Foundation's multiyear initiative aimed at
increasing the number of underrepresented populations graduating with four-year
degrees. Project Compass is administered by the foundation's intermediary, the
New England Resource Center for Higher Education.

As part of Project Compass, the college has undertaken a comprehensive,
multiyear plan to improve American Indian student retention, academic success
and graduation rates at UMPI.

The university has engaged the Aroostook Band of Micmacs and the Houlton Band of
Maliseet Indians in this effort. Along with the new Native Education Centers,
staffers have been hired to welcome American Indian students to campus and build
bridges between the students and academic departments. The university also has
developed integrated First Year Learning Communities to cater to American
Indians and other underserved groups of students.

jlynds@bangordailynews.com

538-6567

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News

                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                               May 2, 2011 Monday

Building wind turbines in Minnnesota among construction skills getting state
grant dollars

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 746  words


Minnesota's emerging wind power industry holds promise for operators of heavy
construction equipment, including members of the International Union of
Operating Engineers Local 49.

With that in mind, the Local 49ers are developing a class that covers the
special skills needed for putting up those massive wind turbines.

"It's a certain talent," said Gary Lindblad, training director for the Local 49.
"Not everybody can do it. ... If you do things the wrong way you could easily
get in trouble. "

The union's training efforts got a lift this week in the form of a $37,000
federal grant awarded through the Minnesota State Energy Sector Partnership,
which was created by the Governor's Workforce Development Council (GWDC).

Local 49, which has 13,000 members in Minnesota and the Dakotas and a training
center in Hinckley, plans to use the grant to upgrade its crane simulator, which
will assist in the wind power training.

The award was among $1.3 million worth of grants announced this week - the
second of three rounds of grants, with the final round coming this summer.

The money stems from the U.S. Department of Labor's $6 million award to
Minnesota in January 2010 as part of a $100 million, stimulus-funded green jobs
training initiative.

Minnesota was among the largest grant recipients, according to Teresa Kittridge,
executive director of Minnesota Renewable Energy Marketplace and project manager
for the Minnesota State Energy Sector Partnership.

So far, 25 grants have been awarded in Minnesota with a combined value of $2.5
million, Kittridge said. Nearly 70 applicants vied for grants in the first two
rounds, with the edge going to those that put together strong job placement
strategies, she added.

The goal is to have 781 people placed or retained in green jobs, "which is a
darn lofty goal in this economy," Kittridge said. But "if the economy keeps
improving, we should be able to meet our goals. "

Ranging in value from $37,000 to $250,000, the grants apply to a variety of
green industries, including wind, solar and biofuels.

Minnesota ranked fourth in wind power capacity in 2010, according to the
American Wind Energy Association.

In the first quarter of 2011, the U.S. wind power industry added 1,100 megawatts
of new capacity-and Minnesota led all states with 293 megawatts, according to
the AWEA.

Such growth is not lost on Local 49, which hopes to train 60 to 80 people in the
wind classes. Local 49's training partners include Superior, Wis.-based Lakehead
Constructors, Eagan-based Truck Crane Service Co., and St. Paul-based Carl
Bolander and Sons.

"They have some interest in hiring some of these individuals, especially
Lakehead Constructors and Truck Crane Services," Lindblad said.

The union wants to "get people prepared, so when work does come they are ready,"
he added. "We are trying to be proactive rather than reactive. "

The Minnesota State Energy Sector Partnership functions as a steering committee
to "ensure the overall success" of the federal grant, according to its charter.
Its members include representatives of private business, government, nonprofit
organizations and unions.

Other grant recipients include:

BlueGreen Alliance Foundation (precision sheet metal training, $250,000); Cement
Masons, Plasterers, and Shophands JATC Local 633 of Minnesota, North Dakota and
Northwestern Wisconsin (green construction classes and LEED training, $97,130);
Daikin McQuay Learning Institute (technical training for advanced energy
efficient HVAC equipment and systems, $100,000); Fond du Lac Tribal and
Community College (energy jobs training for tribal communities, $100,000); HIRED
(training in solar photovoltaic technical sales and installation, $100,000);
Roofers Local 96 Apprenticeship School (green roof and LEED training, $46,460);
Southwest Minnesota Private Industry Council (entry-level maintenance training
for the renewable energy and biofuels industries, $100,000); Summit Academy OIC
(job training in energy efficient construction, $100,000); Twin City Area Heat &
Frost Insulators Local 34 JAC (training in green mechanical insulation and green
awareness, $92,341); and, Workforce Development Inc. (introductory training in
solar industry and evening classes for electricians to become certified in solar
installations, $246,661).

States with the most new wind capacity in 1Q 2011

Minnesota: 293 megawatts

Illinois: 240 megawatts

Washington: 151 megawatts

Idaho: 119 megawatts

Nebraska: 81 megawatts

Source: American Wind Energy Association

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Invests in Research to End Hunger and Address Food Security
Challenges

LENGTH: 912  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan visited South Dakota State
University today to announce more than $75 million in grants for research,
education and extension activities to ensure greater food security in the United
States and around the world. The awards were made to teams at 21 U.S.
universities to conduct research that will find solutions to increasing food
availability and decreasing the number of food insecure individuals. Merrigan
announced the awards at the university's campus in Brookings, S.D., with
university president David L. Chicoine and Barry Dunn, dean of the College of
Agriculture and Biological Sciences.

"Millions of American households lack the resources to access sufficient food,
and many of those, including our children, may go hungry at least once this
year," said Merrigan. "The grants announced today will help policymakers and
others better recognize the food and nutrition needs of low-income communities
in our country, while improving the productivity of our nation's agriculture to
meet those needs. Globally, the population is expected to grow by more than 2
billion people by 2050. By investing in the science of America's renowned land-
grant universities, our aim is to find sustainable solutions to help systems
expand to meet the demands of growing populations."

USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) made the awards through
the 2012 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative's (AFRI) Food Security
program. The program supports research that will keep American agriculture
competitive while helping to end world hunger, and focuses on achieving the
long-term outcomes of increasing domestic and international food availability
and food accessibility.

This year's funded projects include research at South Dakota State University to
examine community efforts to encourage healthy food choices; research at Purdue
University to develop new strategies to defend against ear rot diseases in corn.
Scientists at the University of Tennessee will identify ways to improve milk
quality in the Southeast and enhance the sustainability of the Southeast dairy
industry. A team at the University of California in Berkeley will work with
tribal groups in the Klamath Basin in Oregon and California to build sustainable
regional food systems to aid in enhancing tribal health and food security.

Fiscal year 2012 awards include:

Auburn University, Auburn, Ala., $3,963,395
    University of California, Berkeley, Calif., $3,997,212
    University of California, Davis, Calif., $3,750,000
    University of California, Riverside, Calif., $416,130
    University of Delaware, Newark, Del., $26,000
    University of Georgia, Athens, Ga., $410,906
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $5,349,650
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa $5,358,680
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $2,998,931
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $20,195
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $5,500,000
    University of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky., $2,925,456
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $2,989,032
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $2,913,199
    University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Mich., $3,997,207
    University of Missouri, Columbia, Mo., $2,997,040
    University of Nebraska, Lincoln, Neb., $3,730,635
    University of Nebraska, Lincoln, Neb., $1,166,650
    State University of New York, Buffalo, N.Y., $3,965,003
    North Carolina State University, Raleigh, N.C., $3,971,568
    Pennsylvania State University, University, Park, Pa., $420,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $3,964,611
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $3,000,000
    Texas AgriLife Research, College Station, Texas, $2,977,638
    Virginia State University, Petersburg, Va., $1,141,005
    Washington State University, Pullman, Wash., $2,984,255
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis., $33,400
    USDA Agricultural Research Service, Fort Pierce, Fla., $419,631

AFRI is NIFA's flagship competitive grants program and was established under the
2008 Farm Bill. The five AFRI Challenge Areas--food safety, global food
security, childhood obesity prevention, sustainable bioenergy and climate
adaptation--advance fundamental sciences and deliver science-based knowledge to
people, allowing them to make informed practical decisions.

These grants complement numerous efforts by USDA and partners to end hunger. The
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act President Obama signed into law in 2010 is a
significant investment in our children and efforts to end childhood hunger. The
Act expanded the at-risk meals program (CACFP) which provides supper and
after-school snacks to low-income children in all states. The Act also makes it
easier for children to receive free meals in the National School Lunch and
School Breakfast programs through more expansive direct certification and
community eligibility using existing data sources. USDA oversees the
administration of 15 nutrition assistance programs that touch the lives of one
in four Americans over the course of a year. These programs work in concert to
form a national safety net against hunger.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and Extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

BSC-led college consortium lands $14.6 million grant

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Fort Yates


Sitting Bull College  has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Labor has awarded a job training grant totaling $14.6
million to Bismarck State College, Fort Berthold Community College, Sitting Bull
College, Turtle Mountain Community College and Williston State College. The five
colleges have formed a consortium, led by BSC, to deliver training and support
for participants pursing employment in many high-paying, high-skill jobs
available in western North Dakota.

The consortium programs will support workers impacted by the Trade Adjustment
Assistance Program, a Department of Labor program that provides benefits to
workers who have lost jobs or earn less due to the impacts of foreign trade. The
programs also are available to others interested in obtaining training in
certain occupations needed to support the energy industry.

The grant doesn't provide tuition assistance but will help each college provide
flexible and high quality, accelerated training programs with stackable
credentials, which will enable participants to enter the workforce quickly. The
stackable credentials offer a path for people to advance in their careers -
providing steps toward additional accreditation or degrees.

The consortium, titled Training for Regional Energy in North Dakota (TREND),
will expand current energy-related programs, enhance career navigation services
and create some new training programs. TREND will focus on energy-related
occupations, welding, CDL and building and construction trades.

"This grant means that BSC and the other colleges included can do even more with
our programs and the initiatives needed to sustain energy development in North
Dakota," said Kari Knudson, vice president, BSC National Energy Center of
Excellence.

Knudson also said, "By working together, the consortium colleges can share and
leverage our pooled resources. That will allow us to better supply the urgent
workforce needs in the state."

An array of partners support the consortium grant, including energy companies,
state and tribal agencies and other key employers and energy-related
associations.

U.S. Senators Kent Conrad and John Hoeven, and U.S. Rep. Rick Berg announced the
grant award last week.

"North Dakota workers are among the best in the country, but it is important
that all American workers keep pace with changing job skill needs in a changing
world," the delegation said in a joint statement. "These grants will provide
valuable training that will strengthen our work force."

For more information please visit: http://www.sittingbull.edu.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Spotlight on NTIA: Jean Rice, Senior Broadband Program Specialist,
and Don Williams, Senior Broadband Development Officer, Office of
Telecommunications and Information Applications

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Natinal Telecommunications and Information Administration has
issued the following news release:



 Jean and Don work for NTIA's BroadbandUSA team. Jean focuses on developing
partnerships with federal agencies and on broadband deployment and adoption in
rural and tribal communities, while Don provides technical assistance to local
governments, nonprofits, and community groups that are developing broadband
deployment strategies.Jean and Don previously worked on the Broadband Technology
Opportunities Program (BTOP), NTIA's broadband grant program funded by the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Jean brought the expertise she gained in
helping to manage BTOP's tribal and rural infrastructure projects and strategic
initiatives to her current role. Don helped to manage some of the regional and
statewide BTOP infrastructure projects and was responsible for ensuring grantees
complied with federal wage rules.





 Jean says she loves "the impact you can have" at NTIA, accompanied by the
synergy involved in working with other agencies and organizations to solve
problems -- especially while working for BroadbandUSA. Don says he enjoys the
opportunity to meet, help and work with others around the country.



 It might not be that rare to hear of a married couple who works together. After
all, many people become friends with their coworkers based on shared interests.



 What sets Jean and Don apart is that they met in college, started and ran a
business together, and then they were hired by NTIA.



 Jean and Don met in class as undergraduates at the University of Wisconsin at
Madison. Jean was working on her BS in communications focusing specifically on
telecommunications, telecommunications in the developing world, and
interpersonal communications, while Don was majoring in history, philosophy and
sociology.



 The couple married and had an outdoor wedding in Madison. Like many wedding
days, there was a bit of drama - in this case involving the wedding cake. The
morning of the wedding, they called the venue that was hosting the reception to
confirm that they had the cake; the venue assured them that they did. They
realized shortly after that the cake they had been referring to was for a
different event. In a panic, Don said he woke up the baker to make a new cake
but was unaware that Jean's friends were also coming to the rescue. In the end,
the reception was saved - and guests were able to choose from five different
wedding cakes.



 After their wedding, Jean and Don went on to receive graduate degrees from the
University of Wisconsin. Jean began working at the New York State Commission on
Cable Television as Senior Consultant to Municipalities. Don pursued his
doctorate in sociology from the University of Massachusetts, where he also
taught political economics, stratification and social theory among other topics.
Soon after, Jean began her first stint at NTIA working in the Public
Telecommunications Facilities Program as a New Technologies Program Officer,
while Don taught at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia.



 Sharing a similar interest and passion for telecommunications and broadband,
Don and Jean started a business together in 1984 called Rice, Williams
Associates, which focused on developing telecommunications regulatory policies,
working to ensure broadband service was deployed in communities, and developing
programs, policies, and drafting changes in legislation. Jean and Don ran the
firm together for 26 years. Later, they both took jobs at NTIA because they
thought the positions would offer them the potential to help change the
broadband landscape in the United States.



 Jean and Don have three grown children and live near Annapolis on the Severn
River. While they are enjoying an empty nest, they are still keeping very busy.
When they aren't working, they enjoy hiking, skiing, water tubing, crabbing,
boating and traveling. A few of their favorite vacations included hiking in
Tibet and near the Great Wall of China, riding elephants in Thailand, and
snorkeling with sharks and manatees in the Society Islands in the South Pacific.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

The University of Oklahoma to enhance American Indian studies

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt Staff Writer kmcnutt@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 620 words


NORMAN - University of Oklahoma President David Boren announced plans to enhance
the study and appreciation of&nbsp;American Indian cultures Monday during OU's
first Indigenous Peoples' Day.The daylong celebration featured a variety of
events on campus.Boren said he is recommending the Native American Studies
program be elevated to a department.Pending approval from the OU Board of
Regents and the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, the program will be
granted full department status under the College of Arts and Sciences. The new
department will provide additional resources and academic opportunities for
students on the Norman campus, he said.Boren also announced the creation of a
Native Nations Center and the appointment of a tribal liaison officer.These
initiatives continue OU's long-standing reputation as a national and
international leader in this area, he said.OU plans to combine and strengthen
existing programs with additional resources to create a Native Nations Center
under the leadership of Amanda Cobb-Greetham, a member of the Chickasaw
Nation.The center will provide resources for students immediately. Officials
said as it grows, it will provide research and policy resources for tribal
nations, along with grants and research opportunities for OU students and
faculty and for scholars across the nation.The plans drew on former OU President
William Bizzell's original vision for such a center in 1929, officials
said.Recruiting studentsMark Wilson, a member of the Cherokee Nation, has been
appointed OU's tribal liaison officer.

Wilson has worked more than 20 years at OU, including 10 years in American
Indian student recruitment.He will work in the office of Vice President for the
University Community Jabar Shumate.&nbsp;"We have a robust Native American
Studies program. We actually teach more Native American languages than any other
college or university in the United States," Shumate said in an interview last
month. "But we've had some issues that we need to improve upon in terms of
recruiting."I look for more opportunities to work with tribal governments to
understand the unique issues of their students," he said.OU records for fall
2014 show 1,078 students identified themselves as American Indian/Alaska Native
and 1,723 students identified as two or more races. The total number of students
who chose the category in whole or part was 2,392.Fall 2015 data show 25
undergraduate students and 16 graduate students are majoring in Native American
studies, and 24 students are pursuing a minor. In addition to bachelor's and
master's degrees, students may pursue a joint master's/juris docorate with the
OU College of Law.&nbsp;OSU's enrollment higherThis semester at Oklahoma State
University 1,138 students self-identified as Native American only. Another 1,725
students selected Native American plus either Hispanic or one more other races.
American Indian studies has been offered as a minor at OSU since 2012, and 16
students have declared the minor; eight current students have declared the
minor.Spokesman Gary Shutt said OSU doesn't offer a major based on a survey of
sovereign nations a few years ago. The tribes indicated they preferred their
members pursue a variety of majors including business, agriculture, education
and health-related fields, with a minor in American Indian studies, he said.In
August, OSU launched the Center for Sovereign Nations with funding from the
Chickasaw Nation.Director Elizabeth Payne said the center's mission is
threefold: to increase the number of American Indian graduates from OSU; to
build partnerships between OSU and tribal nations; and to promote understanding
and respect of the sovereignty of American Indian nations.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

The University of Oklahoma to enhance American Indian studies

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt Staff Writer kmcnutt@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 620 words


NORMAN - University of Oklahoma President David Boren announced plans to enhance
the study and appreciation of&nbsp;American Indian cultures Monday during OU's
first Indigenous Peoples' Day.The daylong celebration featured a variety of
events on campus.Boren said he is recommending the Native American Studies
program be elevated to a department.Pending approval from the OU Board of
Regents and the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, the program will be
granted full department status under the College of Arts and Sciences. The new
department will provide additional resources and academic opportunities for
students on the Norman campus, he said.Boren also announced the creation of a
Native Nations Center and the appointment of a tribal liaison officer.These
initiatives continue OU's long-standing reputation as a national and
international leader in this area, he said.OU plans to combine and strengthen
existing programs with additional resources to create a Native Nations Center
under the leadership of Amanda Cobb-Greetham, a member of the Chickasaw
Nation.The center will provide resources for students immediately. Officials
said as it grows, it will provide research and policy resources for tribal
nations, along with grants and research opportunities for OU students and
faculty and for scholars across the nation.The plans drew on former OU President
William Bizzell's original vision for such a center in 1929, officials
said.Recruiting studentsMark Wilson, a member of the Cherokee Nation, has been
appointed OU's tribal liaison officer.

Wilson has worked more than 20 years at OU, including 10 years in American
Indian student recruitment.He will work in the office of Vice President for the
University Community Jabar Shumate.&nbsp;"We have a robust Native American
Studies program. We actually teach more Native American languages than any other
college or university in the United States," Shumate said in an interview last
month. "But we've had some issues that we need to improve upon in terms of
recruiting."I look for more opportunities to work with tribal governments to
understand the unique issues of their students," he said.OU records for fall
2014 show 1,078 students identified themselves as American Indian/Alaska Native
and 1,723 students identified as two or more races. The total number of students
who chose the category in whole or part was 2,392.Fall 2015 data show 25
undergraduate students and 16 graduate students are majoring in Native American
studies, and 24 students are pursuing a minor. In addition to bachelor's and
master's degrees, students may pursue a joint master's/juris docorate with the
OU College of Law.&nbsp;OSU's enrollment higherThis semester at Oklahoma State
University 1,138 students self-identified as Native American only. Another 1,725
students selected Native American plus either Hispanic or one more other races.
American Indian studies has been offered as a minor at OSU since 2012, and 16
students have declared the minor; eight current students have declared the
minor.Spokesman Gary Shutt said OSU doesn't offer a major based on a survey of
sovereign nations a few years ago. The tribes indicated they preferred their
members pursue a variety of majors including business, agriculture, education
and health-related fields, with a minor in American Indian studies, he said.In
August, OSU launched the Center for Sovereign Nations with funding from the
Chickasaw Nation.Director Elizabeth Payne said the center's mission is
threefold: to increase the number of American Indian graduates from OSU; to
build partnerships between OSU and tribal nations; and to promote understanding
and respect of the sovereignty of American Indian nations.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

OU to enhance American Indian studies

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt Staff Writer kmcnutt@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 620 words


NORMAN - University of Oklahoma President David Boren announced plans to enhance
the study and appreciation of&nbsp;American Indian cultures Monday during OU's
first Indigenous Peoples' Day.The daylong celebration featured a variety of
events on campus.Boren said he is recommending the Native American Studies
program be elevated to a department.Pending approval from the OU Board of
Regents and the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, the program will be
granted full department status under the College of Arts and Sciences. The new
department will provide additional resources and academic opportunities for
students on the Norman campus, he said.Boren also announced the creation of a
Native Nations Center and the appointment of a tribal liaison officer.These
initiatives continue OU's long-standing reputation as a national and
international leader in this area, he said.OU plans to combine and strengthen
existing programs with additional resources to create a Native Nations Center
under the leadership of Amanda Cobb-Greetham, a member of the Chickasaw
Nation.The center will provide resources for students immediately. Officials
said as it grows, it will provide research and policy resources for tribal
nations, along with grants and research opportunities for OU students and
faculty and for scholars across the nation.The plans drew on former OU President
William Bizzell's original vision for such a center in 1929, officials
said.Recruiting studentsMark Wilson, a member of the Cherokee Nation, has been
appointed OU's tribal liaison officer.

Wilson has worked more than 20 years at OU, including 10 years in American
Indian student recruitment.He will work in the office of Vice President for the
University Community Jabar Shumate.&nbsp;"We have a robust Native American
Studies program. We actually teach more Native American languages than any other
college or university in the United States," Shumate said in an interview last
month. "But we've had some issues that we need to improve upon in terms of
recruiting."I look for more opportunities to work with tribal governments to
understand the unique issues of their students," he said.OU records for fall
2014 show 1,078 students identified themselves as American Indian/Alaska Native
and 1,723 students identified as two or more races. The total number of students
who chose the category in whole or part was 2,392.Fall 2015 data show 25
undergraduate students and 16 graduate students are majoring in Native American
studies, and 24 students are pursuing a minor. In addition to bachelor's and
master's degrees, students may pursue a joint master's/juris docorate with the
OU College of Law.&nbsp;OSU's enrollment higherThis semester at Oklahoma State
University 1,138 students self-identified as Native American only. Another 1,725
students selected Native American plus either Hispanic or one more other races.
American Indian studies has been offered as a minor at OSU since 2012, and 16
students have declared the minor; eight current students have declared the
minor.Spokesman Gary Shutt said OSU doesn't offer a major based on a survey of
sovereign nations a few years ago. The tribes indicated they preferred their
members pursue a variety of majors including business, agriculture, education
and health-related fields, with a minor in American Indian studies, he said.In
August, OSU launched the Center for Sovereign Nations with funding from the
Chickasaw Nation.Director Elizabeth Payne said the center's mission is
threefold: to increase the number of American Indian graduates from OSU; to
build partnerships between OSU and tribal nations; and to promote understanding
and respect of the sovereignty of American Indian nations.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

OU to enhance American Indian studies

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt Staff Writer kmcnutt@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 620 words


NORMAN - University of Oklahoma President David Boren announced plans to enhance
the study and appreciation of&nbsp;American Indian cultures Monday during OU's
first Indigenous Peoples' Day.The daylong celebration featured a variety of
events on campus.Boren said he is recommending the Native American Studies
program be elevated to a department.Pending approval from the OU Board of
Regents and the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, the program will be
granted full department status under the College of Arts and Sciences. The new
department will provide additional resources and academic opportunities for
students on the Norman campus, he said.Boren also announced the creation of a
Native Nations Center and the appointment of a tribal liaison officer.These
initiatives continue OU's long-standing reputation as a national and
international leader in this area, he said.OU plans to combine and strengthen
existing programs with additional resources to create a Native Nations Center
under the leadership of Amanda Cobb-Greetham, a member of the Chickasaw
Nation.The center will provide resources for students immediately. Officials
said as it grows, it will provide research and policy resources for tribal
nations, along with grants and research opportunities for OU students and
faculty and for scholars across the nation.The plans drew on former OU President
William Bizzell's original vision for such a center in 1929, officials
said.Recruiting studentsMark Wilson, a member of the Cherokee Nation, has been
appointed OU's tribal liaison officer.

Wilson has worked more than 20 years at OU, including 10 years in American
Indian student recruitment.He will work in the office of Vice President for the
University Community Jabar Shumate.&nbsp;"We have a robust Native American
Studies program. We actually teach more Native American languages than any other
college or university in the United States," Shumate said in an interview last
month. "But we've had some issues that we need to improve upon in terms of
recruiting."I look for more opportunities to work with tribal governments to
understand the unique issues of their students," he said.OU records for fall
2014 show 1,078 students identified themselves as American Indian/Alaska Native
and 1,723 students identified as two or more races. The total number of students
who chose the category in whole or part was 2,392.Fall 2015 data show 25
undergraduate students and 16 graduate students are majoring in Native American
studies, and 24 students are pursuing a minor. In addition to bachelor's and
master's degrees, students may pursue a joint master's/juris docorate with the
OU College of Law.&nbsp;OSU's enrollment higherThis semester at Oklahoma State
University 1,138 students self-identified as Native American only. Another 1,725
students selected Native American plus either Hispanic or one more other races.
American Indian studies has been offered as a minor at OSU since 2012, and 16
students have declared the minor; eight current students have declared the
minor.Spokesman Gary Shutt said OSU doesn't offer a major based on a survey of
sovereign nations a few years ago. The tribes indicated they preferred their
members pursue a variety of majors including business, agriculture, education
and health-related fields, with a minor in American Indian studies, he said.In
August, OSU launched the Center for Sovereign Nations with funding from the
Chickasaw Nation.Director Elizabeth Payne said the center's mission is
threefold: to increase the number of American Indian graduates from OSU; to
build partnerships between OSU and tribal nations; and to promote understanding
and respect of the sovereignty of American Indian nations.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 2, 2006 Sunday

NASA taps local and minority talent;
AMES PROGRAM BOOSTS DIVERSITY

BYLINE: Kendra Marr, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 583 words


Daniel Comarazamy's climate change research is being folded into a project at
NASA. He lives and works at NASA/Ames Research Center. He rubs shoulders with
leading Silicon Valley scientists on a regular basis.

And Comarazamy has yet to graduate from college.

The mechanical engineering student from Santa Clara University is part of a new
program aimed at increasing the number of African-Americans, Latinos and
American Indians in math and science.

The NASA Science and Technology Institute for Minority Institutions has brought
16 college undergraduates and five graduate students from across the country to
Mountain View this summer to work in NASA facilities and collaborate with
professional researchers.

The goal is to groom minority students to be highly skilled leaders who can
better compete in the science and technology workforce. Students work eight-hour
days in the center's many laboratories and live in old Navy housing near the
Ames campus. They will be encouraged to come back every summer until they get
out of college to build relationships with their mentors and continue research.

``There were so many talented students who didn't have a place to go,'' said
Aaron Andrews, chief executive of the United Negro College Fund Special Programs
Corp., which is sponsoring the initiative in partnership with NASA.

``This opportunity puts them in a place to move forward. These students can go
back to their communities and be able to say, `I worked with the best in Silicon
Valley.' If it does nothing else, it says to them, hey, this is where I want to
be.''

The initiative is funded by a $3.5 million NASA grant. It recruits students
majoring in science and technology-related fields from historically
African-American colleges, tribal colleges and other institutions.

``It's back to the moon, to Mars and into the solar system, and we're getting
the people who are going to do that,'' said Pete Worden, the Ames center
director.

African-Americans, Latinos and American Indians are underrepresented in science
and engineering when compared with their numbers in the population, according to
the National Science Foundation. In 2001, African-Americans and Latinos each
held 5 percent of the science and engineering doctoral degrees in the United
States; American Indians held 0.3 percent.

Three weeks into the summerlong program, Comarazamy is using NASA data to run
computer models of global climate change. Comarazamy, who is a graduate student,
said the program has ``opened the doors to NASA,'' adding that researchers have
expressed interest in continuing his climate research after the summer program.

Ateira Griffin, a civil engineering student at Morgan State University in
Baltimore, already has the opportunity to co-write a nanotechnology paper on
space shuttle thermal protection systems.

``I've never done any research of this caliber before,'' she said. ``It's great
to be able to apply the things we learn in class in lab.''

Rachel Fakunle, a biology major at Morgan State University, is working on a
36-hour sleep deprivation study to see how astronauts function under
emergencies. Fakunle administered performance tests to human volunteers. She now
knows how to read patterns on heart monitors, measure pulse and blood pressure,
and monitor her own physiological changes.

In fact, she stayed awake 36 hours herself as a test subject.

``At first I thought, `Is that possible?' '' she said. ``I just wanted to do it
to see.''

Contact Kendra Marr at kmarr@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5852.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

USDA Invests in Research to End Hunger and Address Food Security Challenges

LENGTH: 884  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan visited South Dakota State
University today to announce more than $75 million in grants for research,
education and extension activities to ensure greater food security in the United
States and around the world. The awards were made to teams at 21 U.S.
universities to conduct research that will find solutions to increasing food
availability and decreasing the number of food insecure individuals. Merrigan
announced the awards at the university's campus in Brookings, S.D., with
university president David L. Chicoine and Barry Dunn, dean of the College of
Agriculture and Biological Sciences.

"Millions of American households lack the resources to access sufficient food,
and many of those, including our children, may go hungry at least once this
year," said Merrigan. "The grants announced today will help policymakers and
others better recognize the food and nutrition needs of low-income communities
in our country, while improving the productivity of our nation's agriculture to
meet those needs. Globally, the population is expected to grow by more than 2
billion people by 2050. By investing in the science of America's renowned land-
grant universities, our aim is to find sustainable solutions to help systems
expand to meet the demands of growing populations."

USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) made the awards through
the 2012 Agriculture and Food Research Initiative's (AFRI) Food Security
program. The program supports research that will keep American agriculture
competitive while helping to end world hunger, and focuses on achieving the
long-term outcomes of increasing domestic and international food availability
and food accessibility.

This year's funded projects include research at South Dakota State University to
examine community efforts to encourage healthy food choices; research at Purdue
University to develop new strategies to defend against ear rot diseases in corn.
Scientists at the University of Tennessee will identify ways to improve milk
quality in the Southeast and enhance the sustainability of the Southeast dairy
industry. A team at the University of California in Berkeley will work with
tribal groups in the Klamath Basin in Oregon and California to build sustainable
regional food systems to aid in enhancing tribal health and food security.

Fiscal year 2012 awards include:

Auburn University, Auburn, Ala., $3,963,395
    University of California, Berkeley, Calif., $3,997,212
    University of California, Davis, Calif., $3,750,000
    University of California, Riverside, Calif., $416,130
    University of Delaware, Newark, Del., $26,000
    University of Georgia, Athens, Ga., $410,906
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $5,349,650
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa $5,358,680
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $2,998,931
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $20,195
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $5,500,000
    University of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky., $2,925,456
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $2,989,032
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $2,913,199
    University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Mich., $3,997,207
    University of Missouri, Columbia, Mo., $2,997,040
    University of Nebraska, Lincoln, Neb., $3,730,635
    University of Nebraska, Lincoln, Neb., $1,166,650
    State University of New York, Buffalo, N.Y., $3,965,003
    North Carolina State University, Raleigh, N.C., $3,971,568
    Pennsylvania State University, University, Park, Pa., $420,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $3,964,611
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $3,000,000
    Texas AgriLife Research, College Station, Texas, $2,977,638
    Virginia State University, Petersburg, Va., $1,141,005
    Washington State University, Pullman, Wash., $2,984,255
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis., $33,400
    USDA Agricultural Research Service, Fort Pierce, Fla., $419,631

AFRI is NIFA's flagship competitive grants program and was established under the
2008 Farm Bill. The five AFRI Challenge Areas--food safety, global food
security, childhood obesity prevention, sustainable bioenergy and climate
adaptation--advance fundamental sciences and deliver science-based knowledge to
people, allowing them to make informed practical decisions.

These grants complement numerous efforts by USDA and partners to end hunger. The
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act President Obama signed into law in 2010 is a
significant investment in our children and efforts to end childhood hunger. The
Act expanded the at-risk meals program (CACFP) which provides supper and
after-school snacks to low-income children in all states. The Act also makes it
easier for children to receive free meals in the National School Lunch and
School Breakfast programs through more expansive direct certification and
community eligibility using existing data sources. USDA oversees the
administration of 15 nutrition assistance programs that touch the lives of one
in four Americans over the course of a year. These programs work in concert to
form a national safety net against hunger.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: FACT SHEET: At National Summit White House Announces New Support of
My Brother's Keeper

LENGTH: 1754  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  In February 2014 President Obama launched MBK, a call to action to address
persistent opportunity gaps facing boys and young men of color and ensure all
young people can reach their full potential. In response to the President's call
to action, new federal policy initiatives, grant programs, and guidance are
being implemented to ensure that every child has a clear pathway to success from
cradle to college and career. Nearly 250 communities in all 50 states, D.C.,
Puerto Rico, and 19 tribal nations have accepted the MBK Community Challenge,
executing their own robust plans to ensure that all young people can achieve
their full potential. And, more than $1 billion in private sector and
philanthropic grants, in-kind resources, and low-interest financing have been
committed to advance the goals of MBK and scale solutions that work.





 Today at the White House, nearly 300 leaders from MBK Community Challenge
cities, towns, counties and tribal nations, federal, state and local policy
makers and business, foundation and nonprofit executives will gather for the
final MBK National Summit. The Summit will provide an opportunity to celebrate
the progress, impact and future of this groundbreaking initiative, while
highlighting new investments and infrastructure that will sustain and scale the
initiative for the long-term. The Summit is being co-hosted by the White House,
the U.S. Department of Education, the MBK Alliance, Bloomberg Associates, and
the Executives' Alliance for Boys and Men of Color.



 New Federal Commitments in Support of MBK



     National Student Attendance, Engagement, and Success Center--Leveraging
Early Warning Systems and MBK Success Mentors to Keep Kids on Track. In order to
keep all of our students on track toward college and career success, ED launched
the National Student Attendance, Engagement, and Success Center (NSAEC) to
support nationwide implementation prevention strategies, cross-sector
partnerships, and Early Warning Systems (EWS) to prevent and address chronic
absenteeism.  To promote cross-state and cross-sector sharing of best practices
and innovative strategies to support the success of all students, the National
Center will also build and host nationwide two communities of practice (CoP'S)
to support schools, districts, and states to implement and sustain EWS; employ
multi-sector prevention and intervention activities, including success mentors;
improve student engagement and motivation; undertake comprehensive approaches to
reducing and eliminating chronic absenteeism; and collaborate with peers at
annual national convenings.  One CoP will be focused on Early Warning Systems
and will be open to SIG schools, and the other will be targeted at the 30 My
Brother's Keeper (MBK) Success Mentors cities.



     Increasing Data Transparency to Understand and Develop Strategies to
Improve Youth Outcomes. To encourage analyses of important life outcomes for all
youth, including boys and young men of color, the My Brother's Keeper Task Force
compiled relevant statistical indicators from a range of federal data sources
and made them available for download. Today, several of these indicators are now
available through a set of My Brother's Keeper APIs built by the U.S. Department
of Education. APIs provide developer-friendly access to data. In this case, they
allow third-party digital services to seamlessly incorporate My Brother's Keeper
data in real-time. Specifically, ED's MBK APIs provide access to information on
18- to 24-year-olds by race/ethnicity and sex, including high school dropout
rates; college enrollment and graduation rates; rates of disconnected youth (who
are neither working nor in school); imprisonment rates; and labor force
participation rates.



     New Federal Investments to Meet the Needs of Current and Former Foster
Youth. The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Career, Technical, and Adult
Education (OCTAE), in consultation with the U.S. Departments of Labor, Health
and Human Services, and Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will invest $1.35
million of Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act funds to provide
technical assistance to public housing authorities participating in HUD's Family
Unification Plan and Family Self-Sufficiency Demonstration to connect
emancipated foster youth and those exiting the foster care system with high
quality Career and Technical Education programs that strengthen academic,
technical and employability skills. Through this investment, OCTAE hopes to
assist existing career technical education programs to better meet the needs of
current and former foster youth. Delivering on MBK Task Force recommendations,
the project also seeks to improve coordination among the child welfare system
and other federally-funded programs.



 Recent Federal Commitments in Support of MBK



     New Regulations and Supporting Documents to Address Racial and Ethnic
Disparities in IDEA. Delivering on MBK Task Force recommendations, the U.S.
Department of Education published final regulations under Part B of the
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) that will address a number of
issues related to significant disproportionality in the identification,
placement, and discipline of students with disabilities based on race or
ethnicity. The Department also released a new Dear Colleague Letter to remind
states, school districts, and public schools of their legal obligation to
prevent discrimination on the basis of race in special education.



     Supporting Reentry Pathways for Youth Transitioning from Juvenile Justice
Facilities. The Department of Education released new guidance and technical
assistance materials that will help State and local leaders provide transition
assistance to youth reentering the community from juvenile justice facilities.
These resources, which are available at www.ed.gov/jjreentry, can help local
systems provide strong support for youth transitioning out of juvenile justice
facilities, to ensure that they are able to successfully rejoin their
communities, continue their education, and fulfill their potential.



     White House Report: The Continuing Need to Rethink Discipline. The White
House released a new capstone report with updates about projects launched and
local progress made in response to the Administration's Rethink Discipline
efforts. Rethink Discipline was launched as part of MBK and aims to support all
students and promote a welcome and safe climate in schools. The full report is
available HERE. The White House also convened stakeholders and leaders to
discuss the progress made and the work ahead to encourage and support local
leaders as they work to implement supportive school discipline practices.



 New Private Sector Commitments in Support of MBK



     Expanded Investment in MBK Community Challenge Acceptors in California. The
California Endowment announced an additional commitment of $25 million over the
next four years in support of healthier outcomes and improved well-being of boys
and young men of color in California.  This commitment builds on an earlier
pledge by the foundation, bringing the total support to a projected $75 million
over seven years from 2013 to 2020.  These resources are supporting partnerships
and other activities at the local level across the state of California, and are
intended to dismantle the school-to-prison pipeline and replace it with a
meaningful pathway to health and opportunity for young men of color.



     Multiplying Commitment to Inspire and Recruit Mentors. In July of 2014, the
National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Basketball Players
Association (NBPA) and the National Basketball Retired Players Association
(NBRPA) announced a five-year commitment to support My Brother's Keeper. As part
of this commitment, the NBA family partnered with MENTOR: The National Mentoring
Partnership to support their "In Real Life" campaign and set a goal to recruit
25,000 new mentors over five years, with a focus on adult males of color. Less
than three years into the partnership, already more than 25,000 Americans have
signed up to become mentors and been connected directly to a mentoring program
in their community. Going forward, the NBA family is renewing its commitment to
mentoring by setting a new goal of increasing sign-ups by an additional 25,000
adult mentors. Find out more and get involved at www.mentoring.org



     Expanding Support for the MBK Community Challenge. In 2017, My Brother's
Keeper Alliance will launch a wide array of investments available to the nearly
250 cities, towns, counties and tribal nations that accepted the My Brother's
Keeper Community Challenge communities, including: a comprehensive online
support platform that will house local and national data dashboards, interactive
mapping and milestone components, a webinar and events portal, and a curated
resource library; a suite of online trainings to build a community of learning
and practice around topics such as data and impact, leadership development,
collective action management, institutional implicit bias, program design and
delivery, and mentoring strategies; and building off of the success of the White
House's My Brother's Keeper National Summit, My Brother's Keeper Alliance will
host a national summit to explore "what works" in communities across the
country, provide in-depth technical assistance to clusters of practitioners, and
elevate successes and challenges to inform a national agenda for boys and young
men of color in 2017.



     New Data Dashboard Platforms to Support MBK Communities. In 2017, to help
jurisdictions across the country better gather and share their equity data,
Bloomberg Associates and PolicyLink will be working in partnership with MBKA to
build an open platform for jurisdictions to produce their own MBK dashboards,
merging administrative and social media data with national sources of
information. The goal will be to provide clear guidance on how to pull data from
agencies across city, county and state sources, and present it in a clear and
unified way to allow local partners to know exactly how young men are faring in
their jurisdictions, and to track progress. The platform will be free and
accompanied by strong visualization tools, and the opportunity for comparative
analysis across cities and states.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: FACT SHEET: At National Summit White House Announces New Support of
My Brother's Keeper

LENGTH: 1754  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  In February 2014 President Obama launched MBK, a call to action to address
persistent opportunity gaps facing boys and young men of color and ensure all
young people can reach their full potential. In response to the President's call
to action, new federal policy initiatives, grant programs, and guidance are
being implemented to ensure that every child has a clear pathway to success from
cradle to college and career. Nearly 250 communities in all 50 states, D.C.,
Puerto Rico, and 19 tribal nations have accepted the MBK Community Challenge,
executing their own robust plans to ensure that all young people can achieve
their full potential. And, more than $1 billion in private sector and
philanthropic grants, in-kind resources, and low-interest financing have been
committed to advance the goals of MBK and scale solutions that work.





 Today at the White House, nearly 300 leaders from MBK Community Challenge
cities, towns, counties and tribal nations, federal, state and local policy
makers and business, foundation and nonprofit executives will gather for the
final MBK National Summit. The Summit will provide an opportunity to celebrate
the progress, impact and future of this groundbreaking initiative, while
highlighting new investments and infrastructure that will sustain and scale the
initiative for the long-term. The Summit is being co-hosted by the White House,
the U.S. Department of Education, the MBK Alliance, Bloomberg Associates, and
the Executives' Alliance for Boys and Men of Color.



 New Federal Commitments in Support of MBK



     National Student Attendance, Engagement, and Success Center--Leveraging
Early Warning Systems and MBK Success Mentors to Keep Kids on Track. In order to
keep all of our students on track toward college and career success, ED launched
the National Student Attendance, Engagement, and Success Center (NSAEC) to
support nationwide implementation prevention strategies, cross-sector
partnerships, and Early Warning Systems (EWS) to prevent and address chronic
absenteeism.  To promote cross-state and cross-sector sharing of best practices
and innovative strategies to support the success of all students, the National
Center will also build and host nationwide two communities of practice (CoP'S)
to support schools, districts, and states to implement and sustain EWS; employ
multi-sector prevention and intervention activities, including success mentors;
improve student engagement and motivation; undertake comprehensive approaches to
reducing and eliminating chronic absenteeism; and collaborate with peers at
annual national convenings.  One CoP will be focused on Early Warning Systems
and will be open to SIG schools, and the other will be targeted at the 30 My
Brother's Keeper (MBK) Success Mentors cities.



     Increasing Data Transparency to Understand and Develop Strategies to
Improve Youth Outcomes. To encourage analyses of important life outcomes for all
youth, including boys and young men of color, the My Brother's Keeper Task Force
compiled relevant statistical indicators from a range of federal data sources
and made them available for download. Today, several of these indicators are now
available through a set of My Brother's Keeper APIs built by the U.S. Department
of Education. APIs provide developer-friendly access to data. In this case, they
allow third-party digital services to seamlessly incorporate My Brother's Keeper
data in real-time. Specifically, ED's MBK APIs provide access to information on
18- to 24-year-olds by race/ethnicity and sex, including high school dropout
rates; college enrollment and graduation rates; rates of disconnected youth (who
are neither working nor in school); imprisonment rates; and labor force
participation rates.



     New Federal Investments to Meet the Needs of Current and Former Foster
Youth. The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Career, Technical, and Adult
Education (OCTAE), in consultation with the U.S. Departments of Labor, Health
and Human Services, and Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will invest $1.35
million of Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act funds to provide
technical assistance to public housing authorities participating in HUD's Family
Unification Plan and Family Self-Sufficiency Demonstration to connect
emancipated foster youth and those exiting the foster care system with high
quality Career and Technical Education programs that strengthen academic,
technical and employability skills. Through this investment, OCTAE hopes to
assist existing career technical education programs to better meet the needs of
current and former foster youth. Delivering on MBK Task Force recommendations,
the project also seeks to improve coordination among the child welfare system
and other federally-funded programs.



 Recent Federal Commitments in Support of MBK



     New Regulations and Supporting Documents to Address Racial and Ethnic
Disparities in IDEA. Delivering on MBK Task Force recommendations, the U.S.
Department of Education published final regulations under Part B of the
Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) that will address a number of
issues related to significant disproportionality in the identification,
placement, and discipline of students with disabilities based on race or
ethnicity. The Department also released a new Dear Colleague Letter to remind
states, school districts, and public schools of their legal obligation to
prevent discrimination on the basis of race in special education.



     Supporting Reentry Pathways for Youth Transitioning from Juvenile Justice
Facilities. The Department of Education released new guidance and technical
assistance materials that will help State and local leaders provide transition
assistance to youth reentering the community from juvenile justice facilities.
These resources, which are available at www.ed.gov/jjreentry, can help local
systems provide strong support for youth transitioning out of juvenile justice
facilities, to ensure that they are able to successfully rejoin their
communities, continue their education, and fulfill their potential.



     White House Report: The Continuing Need to Rethink Discipline. The White
House released a new capstone report with updates about projects launched and
local progress made in response to the Administration's Rethink Discipline
efforts. Rethink Discipline was launched as part of MBK and aims to support all
students and promote a welcome and safe climate in schools. The full report is
available HERE. The White House also convened stakeholders and leaders to
discuss the progress made and the work ahead to encourage and support local
leaders as they work to implement supportive school discipline practices.



 New Private Sector Commitments in Support of MBK



     Expanded Investment in MBK Community Challenge Acceptors in California. The
California Endowment announced an additional commitment of $25 million over the
next four years in support of healthier outcomes and improved well-being of boys
and young men of color in California.  This commitment builds on an earlier
pledge by the foundation, bringing the total support to a projected $75 million
over seven years from 2013 to 2020.  These resources are supporting partnerships
and other activities at the local level across the state of California, and are
intended to dismantle the school-to-prison pipeline and replace it with a
meaningful pathway to health and opportunity for young men of color.



     Multiplying Commitment to Inspire and Recruit Mentors. In July of 2014, the
National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Basketball Players
Association (NBPA) and the National Basketball Retired Players Association
(NBRPA) announced a five-year commitment to support My Brother's Keeper. As part
of this commitment, the NBA family partnered with MENTOR: The National Mentoring
Partnership to support their "In Real Life" campaign and set a goal to recruit
25,000 new mentors over five years, with a focus on adult males of color. Less
than three years into the partnership, already more than 25,000 Americans have
signed up to become mentors and been connected directly to a mentoring program
in their community. Going forward, the NBA family is renewing its commitment to
mentoring by setting a new goal of increasing sign-ups by an additional 25,000
adult mentors. Find out more and get involved at www.mentoring.org



     Expanding Support for the MBK Community Challenge. In 2017, My Brother's
Keeper Alliance will launch a wide array of investments available to the nearly
250 cities, towns, counties and tribal nations that accepted the My Brother's
Keeper Community Challenge communities, including: a comprehensive online
support platform that will house local and national data dashboards, interactive
mapping and milestone components, a webinar and events portal, and a curated
resource library; a suite of online trainings to build a community of learning
and practice around topics such as data and impact, leadership development,
collective action management, institutional implicit bias, program design and
delivery, and mentoring strategies; and building off of the success of the White
House's My Brother's Keeper National Summit, My Brother's Keeper Alliance will
host a national summit to explore "what works" in communities across the
country, provide in-depth technical assistance to clusters of practitioners, and
elevate successes and challenges to inform a national agenda for boys and young
men of color in 2017.



     New Data Dashboard Platforms to Support MBK Communities. In 2017, to help
jurisdictions across the country better gather and share their equity data,
Bloomberg Associates and PolicyLink will be working in partnership with MBKA to
build an open platform for jurisdictions to produce their own MBK dashboards,
merging administrative and social media data with national sources of
information. The goal will be to provide clear guidance on how to pull data from
agencies across city, county and state sources, and present it in a clear and
unified way to allow local partners to know exactly how young men are faring in
their jurisdictions, and to track progress. The platform will be free and
accompanied by strong visualization tools, and the opportunity for comparative
analysis across cities and states.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Baloch underlines early repatriation of Mehsud, other IDPs

LENGTH: 496  words


Lt Gen (r) Abdul Qadir Baloch, federal minister for state and frontier regions
(SAFRON) has said that tribal people in general and Mehsud tribe of South
Waziristan in particular rendered great sacrifices during the war on terror,
admitting the government has failed to ensure their repatriation after nine long
years of their displacement.

He expressed these views at a ceremony organized by National Testing Service
(NTS)-Pakistan regarding scholarships awards for Mehsud IDPs talented and
deserving students of South Waziristan.

NTS announced scholarships IDPs after the military announced some areas clear of
militants in the SWAanda restive tribal region in FATA.

He praised the NTS for taking part in nation building process for allocation of
Rs. 10 million fund for IDPs of SWA.

Apart from NTS officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs) from
South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders attended the ceremony.

He said that tribal offered gigantic services in the freedom of Azad Jammu and
Kashmir during 1948. "Mehsud tribesmen had a lion share in freedom of Kashmir.
It is a huge responsibility of us all to share to educate the displaced kids,"
Baloch added.

After 9/11, infrastructure in tribal belt had been totally damaged, he added
that donors and other stakeholders would be invited to come forward to rebuild
Fata region.

In view of the current situation in parts of tribal areas, NTS Pakistan in
collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA) has signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) for the scholarships.

Senator Saleh Shah while speaking on the occasion appreciated the step taken by
the NTS and said that it was a wonderful move by the NTS, which should be
continued.

Speaking on the occasion, MNA Jamaluddin said that it was a bold initiative by
the NTS and this should be sustained in long-term.

Dr. Sher Zada Khan, Chief Operating Officer NTS, said that his organization
which is well aware of its social responsibilities towards social and education
uplift of society at large and creation of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
division to help support the efforts in improving socio-economic condition of
underprivileged, and make Pakistan a developed economy is testimony to this
fact.

In 2009, Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat (path
to salvation) in SWA, which triggered mass exodus of tribal families to down
districts of the country.

The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems.

It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mehsud
tribe joined hands to help needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWAand a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Library Journal

                                 March 15, 2014

Change Agents: Teaching Tribal Librarianship

BYLINE: Omar Poler.

Omar Poler School of Library and Information Studies, Continuing Education,
University of Wisconsin-Madison

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29 Vol. 139 No. 5

LENGTH: 470 words


From the 1850s to the late 1930s, the Sokaogon Chippewa tribe of Wisconsin
lacked any legal right to its own lands--a history community member Omar Poler
learned in a college class called Writing Tribal Histories. The class--cocreated
in the early 1980s by Poler's father--delved into an archival collection that
documented the tribe's winning fight for federal recognition.

"I discovered an amazing story of activism.... Not only that, I got to read the
handwritten letters of my great-grandfather," Poler says. As a result, "I
recognized the importance of libraries, archives, and museums to community and
personal identity."

An outreach specialist in continuing education for the University of
Wisconsin-Madison's School of Library and Information Studies since graduating
from the school in 2010, Poler tries to provide the same opportunity for
research and connection through the Tribal Libraries, Archives, and Museums
(TLAM) Project, which he created to incorporate American Indian topics into LIS
education. It's one of the few such programs in the United States.

Among TLAM's initiatives are a graduate course cotaught by Poler, in which
students learn about American Indian information issues, including indigenous
languages, tribal histories, colonization, and cultural sovereignty; the
Convening Culture Keepers professional development miniconference for Wisconsin
tribal librarians, archivists, and museum curators; and a student group that
brings students to tribal cultural institutions for service-learning projects.

"It's not enough to study tribal institutions; you have to experience the living
part of them," Poler says.

"The TLAM Project has become the model both for library schools that want to
teach students how to provide service for underserved populations like American
Indian communities, as well as for states that want to create networks of tribal
information and cultural professionals," says Robin Amado, a school librarian at
Madison's Memorial High School who as a graduate student in 2012 was Poler's
student assistant for Convening Culture Keepers. She continues to help organize
the conference. So far seven conferences have been held, each attended by 50-60
people.

In May 2013, the project received an Institute of Museum and Library Services
grant to take the conference regional for 75 tribal librarians, archivists, and
museum curators from Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.

"We've done this by finding creative ways to support each other," Poler says.
"And I've been lucky enough to be a facilitator of all of it. It's been life
changing." His efforts have the potential to change many more lives.

Vitals

CURRENT POSITION Associate Outreach Specialist

DEGREE MLS, University of Wisconsin-Madison SLIS, 2010

FOLLOW, VISIT, LEARN Tribal Libraries, Archives and Museums Project,
tlamproject.org

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2014 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

GOVERNOR RESOLVES TO BRING LASTING PEACE IN WAZIRISTAN

LENGTH: 702 words


PESHAWAR: The NWFP Governor Lt. General (retd) Ali Muhammad Jan Orakzai has
reiterated government's firm resolve to bring lasting peace in Waziristan and
urged the elders to "Let forget the past and create an atmosphere conducive for
peace, prosperity and development to make Waziristan the land of flowers". He
was addressing the 25th parent's day ceremony at Cadet College Razmak in North
Waziristan Agency on Saturday. The ceremony was attended by members of Board of
Governors including the IGFC Major General Muhammad Alam Khattak, Political
Agent Dr. Fakhr-e-Alam tribal elders, parents, teachers and notables of the area
in a large number.

The ceremony comprised various events participated by the cadets of the college
including March Past, PT show and gymnastic display. Addressing the ceremony,
the Governor urged the tribal elders to join hands with the govt. in its efforts
for peace, which he added was in fact in their own interest. He was confident
that fresh peace initiatives would succeed paving the way for resuming stalled
development process in the area. The Governor said that the government was
pooling together additional resources for the development of FATA.

He in this connection also made a reference to FATA Sustainable Development Plan
saying under this comprehensive and gigantic plan, 80 to 100 billion rupees
would be spent on the multifaceted development of tribal area during the coming
nine years. Referring to the efforts for development and expansion of education
faculties in FATA the Governor said that the education standard right from the
primary level would be improved.

The teaching staff particularly those posted in the unattractive remote areas
would also be provided facilities and incentive. He disclosed that the President
General Pervez Musharraf had acceded to his proposal regarding special
educational facilities including separate Medical and Engineering colleges and
universities for the people of Southern districts of the province. These
educational institutions he added would have sufficient quota for FATA students
as well.

He said that separate medical and engineering colleges for FATA would start
functioning during the current year having 75% quota for FATA students.
Similarly, he said two high standard Degree Colleges, one each for boys - girls
of FATA would also be opened at Peshawar. Governor Orakzai appreciated the
standard of education in Cadet College Razmak and urged the college
administration and cadets to not only maintain it but make it more perfect and
progressive as well. He advised the students to concentrate on studies but at
the same time also take active part in extra-curricular activities which he
added was must for their mental and physical fitness.

The Governor was satisfied over the examination results and other achievements
of the college and assured that shortcomings in this regard would be removed. He
said that the Board of Governors in a recently held meeting has taken a number
of decisions to streamline the college affairs and hoped that implementation on
these decisions would bring more improvements. The Governor also appreciated the
performance of the cadets who participated in various events on the occasion and
congratulated those who attained distinctions in various competitions and annual
board examinations. He announced Rs. One million one time grant for the college.

Earlier the Governor inspected the parade and took solute of the march past by
cadets of all the six houses. Cadets also presented PT show and Gymnastic
display beside special performance by Cheeta Squad that were highly commended by
the spectators. Later the Governor distributed prizes and trophies. Khushhal
House clinched the best house trophy whereas cadet Gohar Zaman was awarded for
being declared overall best cadet.

The Governor after arriving in Razmak visited the college premises where he
inspected the newly constructed academic block and science block. He also
inaugurated he newly built combined students mess and dinning hall, costing Rs.
14.261. He also opened the

newly constructed Rehman Hostel recently completed at a cost of Rs. 17.877
million. The hostel has 26 dormitories and capacity to accommodate 130 cadets.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Domestic Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2006 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

At Meeting of Historically Black Colleges, President Obama Affirms His Support

BYLINE: By Eric Kelderman

SECTION: ADMINISTRATION; News

LENGTH: 1021  words

DATELINE: Arlington, Va.

ABSTRACT

College leaders also met with other top federal officials to discuss ways the
institutions can tap into agency programs for assistance.

FULL TEXT

The presidents of some 70 historically black colleges met here last week, a
visit that included a trip to the White House to hear President Obama deliver a
strong commitment to continued federal support for their institutions.

President Obama reminded them of the support his administration has already
provided the colleges, through increased federal money and policies meant to
help them become more financially stable.

"Strengthening your institutions isn't just a task for our advisory board or for
the Department of Education; it's a job for the entire federal government. And I
expect all agencies to support this mission," he said, according to a transcript
of his remarks.

The federal government is putting $1-billion into grants to help
minority-serving institutions improve in areas such as planning, management,
endowments, or faculty development. In addition, the $40-billion increase in
Pell Grant funds approved by Congress this year is expected to benefit a large
number of minority students who come from lower-income families.

The private session with President Obama was part of an annual conference
organized by the White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and
Universities. The president declared last week Historically Black Colleges and
Universities Week to coincide with the two-day conference.

Charlie Nelms, chancellor of North Carolina Central University, said the
president's remarks affirmed the role of minority-serving institutions as vital
to helping the country attain the highest proportion of degree holders in the
world-a benchmark President Obama wants the nation to reach by 2020. "It was a
reiteration of the fact that in order to get to where we're trying to go in
terms of degree attainment, we have to go through and with HBCU's, that we have
a role to play, and that the larger higher-education community can learn
something from us," Mr. Nelms said.

College leaders also held closed-door sessions with other top federal officials
during the conference to discuss ways the institutions can benefit from tapping
into agency programs for assistance in various areas, such as earning research
grants.

At the same time, administrators at black colleges were joining in discussions
with their peers and higher-education experts about how they can improve their
campuses through more effective fund raising and attracting partnerships with
private corporations.

John S. Wilson Jr., executive director of the White House initiative, has said
he wants the conference to inspire college leaders to turn their campuses into
"cathedrals" of higher education-institutions that can support excellence both
in the physical and academic structures as well as create an atmosphere where
students develop a positive moral and ethical character.

Irma McClaurin, president of Shaw University, said Mr. Wilson and the White
House are taking the right steps. "We've been waiting a long time to get the
support at the national level for historically black colleges and universities,"
she said. "They serve a very important purpose, and I think this vision ... is
the direction that we need to go."

Opposition to Merging Grants

In a gathering of the White House Board of Advisors on Historically Black
Colleges and Universities, which met after the conference, leaders and
supporters of historically black colleges spoke out against a National Science
Foundation proposal. The agency's plan would merge three grant programs for
minority-serving institutions into a single new program that would also allow
awards to majority-white institutions.

The National Science Foundation's proposal, described in President Obama's
budget request for the agency in February, would eliminate funds for the
Historically Black Colleges and Universities Undergraduate Program, the Louis
Stokes Alliances for Minority Participation, and the Tribal Colleges and
Universities Program, and replace them with a single new program that would
encourage minority participation in science, technology, engineering, and
mathematics-the STEM disciplines.

But the grants would no longer be for minority-serving institutions only.
Leaders at last week's gathering believe the proposal will work against those
institutions.

"You know what this means. It means that those of us in the three ... programs
are going to receive even less money as we compete with the research-intensive,
majority institutions," William R. Harvey, president of Hampton University and
chairman of the advisory board, told conference attendees.

Several members of the board agreed to write a letter to President Obama, hoping
to gain his support.

In its meeting last week, the advisory board also discussed ways to help the
institutions become more financially stable and improve the quality and quantity
of graduates they produce. One of the advisory board's main goals is to develop
ways to inform the public and private enterprises about the value of investing
in historically black institutions, Mr. Wilson said.

At least 20 percent of the nation's 105 black colleges are in financial
distress, Mr. Wilson told board members, and many suffer from a lack of support
from state and federal agencies, as well as very low percentages of
alumni-giving compared with the levels at predominantly white institutions.

In addition to seeking more resources for black colleges, the board also
discussed a measure that would provide more accountability for those
institutions. William J. Taggart, chief operating officer of the U.S. Education
Department's Office of Federal Student Aid, said his team is working with the
consulting firm McKinsey & Company to identify financially struggling
institutions and the best ways that the department can intercede to prevent
their failure. The effort is meant, in part, to safeguard the use of federal
financial-aid dollars, he said.

At the same time, said Mr. Wilson, the program would highlight institutions that
are succeeding academically and financially using fewer resources.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                            October 27, 2015 Tuesday

Baloch underlines early repatriation of Mehsud, other IDPs

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 LAHORE: Lt Gen (r) Abdul Qadir Baloch, federal minister for state and frontier
regions (SAFRON) has said that tribal people in general and Mehsud tribe of
South Waziristan in particular rendered great sacrifices during the war on
terror, admitting the government has failed to ensure their repatriation after
nine long years of their displacement.





 He expressed these views at a ceremony organized by National Testing Service
(NTS)-Pakistan regarding scholarships awards for Mehsud IDPs talented and
deserving students of South Waziristan.



 NTS announced scholarships IDPs after the military announced some areas clear
of militants in the SWA--a restive tribal region in FATA.



 He praised the NTS for taking part in nation building process for allocation of
Rs. 10 million fund for IDPs of SWA.



 Apart from NTS officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs) from
South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders attended the ceremony.



 He said that tribal offered gigantic services in the freedom of Azad Jammu and
Kashmir during 1948. &ldquo;Mehsud tribesmen had a lion share in freedom of
Kashmir. It is a huge responsibility of us all to share to educate the displaced
kids,&rdquo; Baloch added.



 After 9/11, infrastructure in tribal belt had been totally damaged, he added
that donors and other stakeholders would be invited to come forward to rebuild
Fata region.



 In view of the current situation in parts of tribal areas, NTS Pakistan in
collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA) has signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) for the scholarships.



 Senator Saleh Shah while speaking on the occasion appreciated the step taken by
the NTS and said that it was a wonderful move by the NTS, which should be
continued.



 Speaking on the occasion, MNA Jamaluddin said that it was a bold initiative by
the NTS and this should be sustained in long-term.



 Dr. Sher Zada Khan, Chief Operating Officer NTS, said that his organization
which is well aware of its social responsibilities towards social and education
uplift of society at large and creation of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
division to help support the efforts in improving socio-economic condition of
underprivileged, and make Pakistan a developed economy is testimony to this
fact.



 In 2009, Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat (path
to salvation) in SWA, which triggered mass exodus of tribal families to down
districts of the country.



 The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems.



 It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mehsud
tribe joined hands to help needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWA-- a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

Varsity planning steps to becoming a gender-safe hub, 'think tank': Gade

BYLINE: Ardhra Nair

SECTION: PUNE

LENGTH: 344 words


PUNE: University vice-chancellor W N Gade revealed the varsity's initiative of a
district and tehsil level outreach programme on laws against sexual harassment
and ragging from next year.

Gade was addressing the senate meeting held in the Savitribai Phule Pune
University (SPPU) campus on Saturday when he announced the venture. "Making
students aware about their rights about these issues is the need of the hour,"
he said.

The university has also planned to create a vision document for SPPU's goals for
the next 10 years. The senate meeting was held only for half a day as elections
for new representatives were cancelled for this academic year. Only those who
are senate members owing to their post in the university were present.

"SPPU has achieved the third place amongst all Indian universities in the world
university ranking. We are one of the universities with the highest budget of Rs
600 crore per year, yet we lag behind universities like Punjab University which
has a Rs 200 crore budget and Jadavpur university in research. This needs to be
corrected and more and more attention should be given to research by both
students and teachers," said Gade.

This year, the university has already received 76,000 applications online for
convocation ceremony. "This year onwards, the convocation ceremony for under
graduate courses will be held at college level while the convocation ceremony of
post graduate students will be held in the university."

Gade also said that there are 212 teaching posts vacant in the varsity. "The
advertisement inviting applications against 212 teaching posts is already out
and we are positive that the posts will be filled in within two months," he
said.

He also said that the varsity has received Rs 30.85 crore from the University
Grants Commission, Union government, state government and other institutes for
various initiatives. "Proposals have also been sent to respective ministries to
start special skill development centres for minorities and areas with high
tribal population," said Gade.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

Foundation supports Indian education

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1267 words


Oct. 15--LITTLE CANADA, Minn. -- The Indian Land Tenure Foundation board of
directors recently awarded $90,094 in grants and contracts for curriculum
development and implementation in South Dakota and Montana.

The Indian Land Tenure Foundation awarded $40,094 to the South Dakota Department
of Education's Office of Indian Education to support the development of state
academic standards in American Indian history and culture for the state's K-12
programs.

The grant will allow members of a steering committee, made up of educators and
representatives from each of South Dakota's nine reservations, to develop the
core concepts essential to understanding and teaching the history and culture of
American Indian tribes in the state.

These core concepts will be used to modify existing state academic standards,
establish new standards that include Indian history and culture, and develop the
supporting curriculum and coursework for use in the classroom and for teacher
training.

"This grant will allow us to weave the important story of South Dakota's Dakota,
Lakota and Nakota people into the state's standards and assessment system," said
Keith Moore, director of Indian education for the South Dakota Department of
Education. "By infusing key concepts into the standards, we should see a more
consistent approach regarding how districts teach their students about Native
culture. This process will be an important step in providing a more culturally
relevant and inclusive curriculum to all South Dakota students."

Terry Janis, program officer for the ILTF and an Oglala Lakota from the Pine
Ridge reservation in South Dakota, is optimistic that the Department of
Education's commitment to this project reflects a growing statewide recognition
that classroom instruction in the history and culture of South Dakota's American
Indian tribes should be mandatory.

"For too long, mainstream education has avoided its obligation to teach the
story of Native peoples. It's encouraging to see South Dakota, a state where 9
percent of the population and over 11 percent of public school students are
Native American, take a leadership role in this area."

In 2007, South Dakota passed an Indian Education Act that ensures ongoing
support for several existing statewide programs and includes new provisions for
teacher training in South Dakota Indian studies and the development of
curriculum on American Indian history and culture.

The ILTF also recently awarded up to $50,000 in contracts for tribe-specific
curriculum development in Montana to Julie Cajune, a curriculum specialist
working out of Pablo, Mont. Cajune will consult with individual tribes and
tribal members to develop tribe- and reservation-specific lessons for the Indian
Land Tenure Curriculum that align with the existing Montana content standards as
well as the "Essential Understandings of Montana Tribes."

"The seven reservations in Montana are home to several very distinct tribes with
very different land histories, experiences and cultural practices," Janis
explained. "Julie's work will help to highlight these unique differences. It
will also add depth and localized tribal stories and histories to enrich
curriculum content for all grade levels."

Janis also said that he hopes that Cajune's work in Montana will "serve as a
catalyst" for other states with significant Indian populations, such as South
Dakota, that are taking steps to ensure that their academic standards reflect
the history and diversity of their regions.

In 1999, the Montana Legislature passed the Indian Education for All Act,
requiring all public schools throughout the state to include coursework in the
history and culture of Indian tribes in the state. As a part of this mandate,
the Montana Office of Public Instruction, Indian Education Division, has made
the Indian Land Tenure Curriculum available to educators, administrators and
other educational partners.

Cajune, a member of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, is tribal
history project director for Salish Kootenai College and is lead consultant with
the Montana Indian Education Division's curriculum development initiative.

The Indian Land Tenure Curriculum, which is used by educators throughout
Montana, South Dakota, Minnesota and several other states, is a free,
interdisciplinary Indian land curriculum for Head Start, K -- 12 and college. To
download the curriculum, request a copy of the entire curriculum on CD or learn
about curriculum implementation grants available through ILTF, visit
www.indianlandtenure.org.

The ILTF is a community foundation whose primary aim is to support the
acquisition, ownership and management of land by tribes and Indian people. It
works directly with community members to develop strategies that help Indian
people to regain full control of their homelands so they can create
opportunities for themselves and for future generations.

The Indian Land Tenure Foundation board of directors recently awarded grants and
contracts totaling $207,124 for curriculum development, sacred site protection
and land management.

Part of that is the recently awarded $90,094 in grants and contracts for
curriculum development and implementation in South Dakota and Montana. Both
projects will support ILTF's efforts to expand education about Indian land
tenure issues nationwide.

-- $58,656 to Fort Belknap Planning and Development Corp. of Harlem, Mont., to
develop a comprehensive, culturally appropriate and sustainable sacred site
protection and preservation plan for locations within Grinnell Notch, an area
where the tribe's sacred sites are in danger of desecration from mining
activities.

Two local elder/culture advisory groups -- the Buffalo Chasers and the White
Clay societies -- are working closely with the PDC to accurately identify and
document the sacred sites in this area and provide input for the protection
plan.

"We are deeply honored by the opportunity to collaborate with these two groups
on this project," said Todd Hanson, PDC project development specialist.

"They have a vast knowledge of the history and the cultural and spiritual
importance of this area and of these sacred places. We are very grateful that
they are willing to share that knowledge with us and actively participate in
developing this plan to protect and preserve these sites for future
generations."

Fort Belknap PDC has also partnered with the Fort Belknap Indian Community
Council on these efforts. It will use the plan, which includes identifying,
describing and mapping the sacred sites, as the basis for negotiations with
public and private entities to prevent further mining on or near the
reservation.

-- $58,374 to the Fort Peck Landowners Association of Wolf Point, Mont., to
develop a workforce training program on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation that
will train tribal members for jobs in land and resource development and
management while developing 172 acres of allotted and tribal land for irrigation
and operation by the FPLA.

In addition to work force training and land development, FPLA will also create a
training manual on constructing irrigation systems designed to increase
production and promote more effective land management practices.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081015-IC-EDUCATION-20081015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today

                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp, USDA Under Secretary Visit Spirit Lake to Announce Nearly
$1 Million for Business Development

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today visited the Spirit Lake Indian reservation
with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary Lisa Mensah, who
oversees rural development, to announce $973,000 in federal funding for business
development to benefit Spirit Lake.



 &ldquo;All too often, rural America and Indian Country get overlooked when
Congress is making funding decisions in Washington - but I fight every day for
the resources that I know rural and Indian communities in our state need,&rdquo;
said Heitkamp. &ldquo;The business development this federal funding will spur
not only creates economic growth and jobs - it also makes our communities
stronger. Tribal and rural areas often face unique challenges, but by passing
legislation like the Farm Bill that supports critical programs for these
communities, we can change that trajectory.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;USDA is committed to increasing economic opportunities in Native
American communities by investing in projects that will create well-paying jobs
and improve quality of life for Tribal families. This innovative reuse of an
existing building will provide affordable, attractive space for small
businesses, helping them save on operating costs and become financially
secure,&rdquo; said Mensah.



 &ldquo;The renovation will provide a needed venue for entrepreneurs to
flourish, which will ultimately help revitalize the local economy, creates jobs
in an area that really needs employment opportunities, and improves the quality
of life for the entire region. USDA is proud to partner with the Spirit Lake
community on this project. We know that North Dakota is better when we're all
pulling together,&rdquo; said Ryan Taylor, USDA Rural Development state
director.



 Spirit Lake applied for the USDA Rural Development Rural Business Development
Grant to revamp a mini-mall that sits on Highway 20 on the reservation. The
grant will help update the structure of the 12,750-square-foot mall that
currently houses Paul's Grocery and Luis Caf&eacute;. The renovation will update
the mall to work as a business incubator, with additional offices created for
businesses to rent. The incubator is geared towards entrepreneurs, which could
include students from the Business Development Center at Cankdeska Cikana
Community College.



 The federal grant builds on Heitkamp's previous work advocating for economic
growth in tribal communities in the state. In July, Heitkamp brought U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet to the
Standing Rock Sioux Reservation for a roundtable discussion with tribal and
business leaders on supporting economic growth in Indian Country. At the
roundtable, Heitkamp and Contreras-Sweet announced $700,000 in federal funding
to help Native Americans start small businesses and get educational training to
build a business from the ground up.



 The Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) program funding the business
development project Heitkamp announced with Mensah today was reauthorized in the
2014 Farm Bill. It was funded at $24 million in FY2015.



 RBDG is a competitive grant designed to support targeted technical assistance,
training and other activities leading to the development or expansion of small
and emerging private businesses in rural areas. Programmatic activities are
separated into enterprise or opportunity type grant activities. RBDG funds must
be directed for projects benefitting rural areas or towns outside the urbanized
periphery of any city with a population of 50,000 or more.



 Heitkamp sits on the Indian Affairs Committee and the Agriculture Committee.
She has long championed rural development - from housing to business development
- in North Dakota's rural and Indian communities. Heitkamp's efforts include:



     Engaging the Administration on unsafe conditions in Indian Country:
Heitkamp has consistently engaged the President and federal leaders on
addressing mold issues across tribal lands. After the President and First Lady
visited Standing Rock in June 2014, Heitkamp encouraged President Obama to
improve educational conditions for children at Cannon Ball Elementary - a
learning facility battling mold, rats and a leaky roof. Shortly after, the
school was awarded technological assistance in every classroom, and President
Obama cited his visit as the impetus for his Generation Indigenous initiative to
help Native students overcome barriers to success.



     Securing investments in housing improvements: Last October, Heitkamp
brought HUD Secretary Castro to Belcourt to view the dire housing conditions on
the Turtle Mountain reservation. During the visit, Castro and Heitkamp announced
the approval of $6 million in mold remediation funding. Last month, Heitkamp
helped secure $800,000 in federal funding to support housing improvements and
mold remediation efforts for the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe. In February, Heitkamp
announced more than $20 million in federal funding to promote safe and
affordable housing on tribal lands in North Dakota.



     Working to sustain and improve tribal housing: As a member of the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs, Heitkamp has advocated for increased infrastructure
and financial solutions to barriers in Indian housing development. In March,
Heitkamp helped the Committee pass bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act (NAHASDA), which
supports efforts to provide safe and affordable housing to American Indians.
Heitkamp has been pushing for the reauthorization of NAHASDA since July 2013.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Puyallup Herald (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday

Puyallup, tribe get federal funds for energy-efficient purchases

BYLINE: Neil Pierson, Puyallup Herald, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


Apr. 1--The city of Puyallup and the Puyallup Tribe of Indians received a
combined $382,000 last week when recipients of the federal Energy Efficiency and
Conservation Block Grant program were announced.

The city, which recently obtained $2 million in federal stimulus dollars for the
third phase of its Shaw Road extension project, received another $164,500 from
the block grant program, which is funded by President Barack Obama's American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

"We didn't know for sure that these monies would be available but now that they
are we're going to get serious about them," Puyallup City Manager Gary McLean
said.

The Puyallup Tribe garnered another $217,000 from the program, one of 28 tribal
entities statewide to be funded. Tribal spokesman John Weymer didn't return a
phone call seeking comment.

The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), which oversees the grants totaling nearly
$56.1 million for the state of Washington and $3.2 billion nationwide, intends
the money for "energy audits and energy efficiency retrofits in residential and
commercial buildings, the development and implementation of advanced building
codes and inspections and the creation of financial incentive programs for
energy efficiency improvements," a press release stated.

McLean said Puyallup has many options under consideration, from solar-powered
devices to light various facilities to energy-efficient electrical lighting and
traffic signals.

The city has touted itself as a leader in environmentally-friendly development.
The $40 million city hall, which opened last August, is a gold certified
building in Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). Ongoing
projects at Good Samaritan Hospital and Pierce College-Puyallup are striving for
similar standards.

McLean said city hall uses "passive solar power" that reduces the use of light
bulbs in the five-story facility. Solar-powered devices could be installed at
the public safety building, Pioneer Park and the adjacent pavilion as part of
the grant money.

"We'll be working with consultants next week to see if that's a viable project,"
McLean said last Friday.

Solar power would also be a way to generate heat for water at the city jail.
McLean said city council members will be presented with various options at an
upcoming meeting.

The grant program also allows governments to fund energy-saving transportation
projects and reduce or capture greenhouse gas emissions from landfills.

McLean said transportation options are somewhat limited because of the size of
grant, but the city could distribute train and bus passes to staff as a way of
encouraging mass transit options.

"Commute reduction programs are something we already have in place," he added.

While the Northwest's cloudy skies might appear a limiting factor for successful
solar-powered projects, McLean said he has spoken with engineers who assure him
solar power is a "viable option."

The DOE used a funding formula that accounts for population and energy use. The
state received more than $10.6 million in the process, while Tacoma was the
biggest recipient in Pierce County at $1.9 million. In all, 26 Washington cities
and 10 counties were grant recipients.

Grant recipients must report back to DOE on how they're using the money, taking
note of the energy saved, jobs created or retained and emissions reduced.

"We would definitely keep score on how much more efficient any initiative would
be," McLean said, going on to credit city staff for their work in obtaining the
funds.

"This is a very welcome source of funding and, again, I don't think it would've
happened if Puyallup weren't in contact with our congressional delegates."

Reach Reporter Neil Pierson at 253-841-2481 ext. 313 or by e-mail at
neil.pierson@puyallupherald.com

To see more of Puyallup Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.puyallup-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Puyallup Herald, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090401-PU-Puyallup-tribe-get-federal-funds-for-energy-efficient-purchases-0401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PU


                  Copyright 2009 Puyallup Herald (Washington)

                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            January 14, 2007 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Cherokee event creates unity, controversy;
At issue is whether group at large should grant citizenship to ancestors of
slaves.

BYLINE: By VIK JOLLY; The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. Central_B

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: COSTA MESA


COSTA MESA As Kathryn England-Aytes watched those gathered in the cafeteria at
Orange Coast College on Saturday, she felt connected to history.

The people in the room were united by their heritage, brought together for the
kickoff meeting of the Cherokees of Orange County, a fledgling community group
formed to foster and preserve bonds among people living hundreds of miles from
the Cherokee heartland in northeastern Oklahoma.

"I think this is going to make it less difficult" to keep the connections, said
England-Aytes, an Orange resident and an OCC social and behavioral science
professor.

"It is more for people who were born out here, but their families and their
roots are really back in Oklahoma," she said. "Those communities really have to
work at preserving the culture because it's different than the dominant,
mainstream culture."

The professor is one of the founding council members of the new group, which was
inspired by history classes offered by tribal officials in various parts of the
country in the last few years. Three other such groups have formed in Southern
California at the initiative of the Cherokee nation.

"It's hard to be Cherokee by yourself," Julia Coates, a liaison from the tribe
to the new organizations, told those gathered.

There are about 1,000 Cherokee living in Orange County, organizers said.
Principal Chief Chad Smith, from Tahlequah, Okla., encouraged attendees to
foster ties with the tribe.

Controversy about an upcoming vote on the status of the Cherokee freedmen --
black descendents of former slaves owned by Cherokees -- followed Smith here.

The meeting took on political overtones when he was asked about a March 3
election he has called at which some 250,000 Cherokees could essentially decide
whether the freedmen can be citizens of the nation.

Diane Ross-Neal, who said her ancestors were freedmen and who attended
Saturday's meeting with her children, became a citizen last year.

When given the opportunity to ask questions after Smith's talk and a slide show,
Ross-Neal, an elementary school teacher from Compton, instead seized the moment
to urge the more than 150 in attendance to carefully mull the issue of freedman
citizenship.

People like Ross-Neal would be stripped of their Cherokee citizenship should the
voters in March decide to limit it to descendents of those listed on the
membership rolls from the early 20th century.

"It means that they're trying to take away my heritage with the stroke of a
pen," Ross-Neal said afterward.

Taylor Keen, a tribal council member also attending Saturday's event, said he
fears that the exclusion of freedmen could have implications on tribal
sovereignty and federal funding.

"Unfortunately, it's (like the) Jim Crow law that's out there --disenfranchising
some citizens based on race," he said, referring to segregation-era laws. "I
certainly hope it doesn't go through."

No one at the meeting spoke out in support of denying the freedmen citizenship.

Chad Smith

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           November 13, 2010 Saturday

Education, health: Prithviraj lists priorities

BYLINE: Express news service

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Pune


In his first public appearance after being sworn in, Chief Minister Prithviraj
Chavan on Friday spelt out his vision for the state - balanced development, with
a stress on transparency in the system.

"With the help of our alliance partner, we will give priority to sectors such as
education, healthcare, agriculture and infrastructure. Maharashtra should lead
the country in every demographic parameter." Chavan was speaking at the
inaugural function of the All-India Vice-Chancellors' Conference organised by
the Bharati Vidyapeeth University (BVU) in association with University Grants
Commission (UGC) and Association of Indian Universities (AIU).

Speaking at length about challenges such as water scarcity, food security,
healthcare, energy crisis, global warming and gross enrollment ratio in higher
education, he called for equitable growth with focus on good governance. "If you
expand without good governance, there would be a question of equity and
quality... There are challenges before the state as centres of excellence are
concentrated in areas such as Pune, Mumbai or Nagpur. It raises the overall
average rate of growth of the state. However, in tribal areas of Melghat in
Vidarbha, deaths are taking place due to malnutrition. We cannot allow this..."
On higher education, Chavan called for fulfilling the challenge thrown by Prime
Minister Manmohan Singh of making this decade a decade of innovation for the
country. He briefed the audience about various initiatives in higher education
such as scholarships for basic sciences, foreign education providers' bill and
checking unfair practices.

He appealed to the vice-chancellors to participate in initiatives. "There is not
a single Indian university in the top 200 list. The list may be faulty, but it
is still not acceptable."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to
Build Community Prosperity

LENGTH: 1189  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Health and Human Services has issued the following News
release:

The Obama Administration announced today eight additional Promise Zones across
the country, including six cities, one rural area, and one tribal community.
Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal government partners
with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational
opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public
health and address other priorities identified by the community. Through the
Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with federal,
state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve the
quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro. "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children. We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century. When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones. Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S. Department
of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for National
and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani Coloretti,
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford and HUD
Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA. To
highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and South
Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media calls
for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people. The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.
 In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners. Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone. Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options. The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.
 In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training for
youth who have been involved with the justice system. Promise Zone partners are
creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure for
sustainable food production. Drexel University is leading a collaborative effort
to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high quality
child care and improve school performance. Security cameras were installed at a
high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take advantage of
subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors. Specific plans
are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid displacement of
long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.
 In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding from
the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for a
rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.
 In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration. HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative. This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

Institutes offer skills training to youth in Naxal affected areas

BYLINE: Saumya Bhattacharya

SECTION: JOBS

LENGTH: 547 words


NEW DELHI: In the summer of 2010, the International Association for Human Values
(IAHV - part of Art of Living Foundation, a not-for-profit, educational and
humanitarian voluntary organisation), initiated a three-month project to train
young militants from Manipur in Pune. The ministry of home affairs had roped in
IAHV when these militants offered to surrender.

The militants were trained in soft skills and vocational modules in cell phone,
airconditioner and refrigerator repair, computer skills and electrical works.
The outcome: 80 militants, including women, are now employed in companies across
Pune.

IAHV is now readying a long-term plan of skill development that will include a
self-sustaining business model for IAHV.

While details of the proposal are still being worked out, the project is likely
to be pan India. National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) CEO Dilip Chenoy
confirmed the discussions, adding it was waiting for the proposal.

The IAHV initiative will target youth, mainly school dropouts across India, with
a special focus on troubled areas. "Our initiative is to produce employable
workforce and entrepreneurs in these areas," says Hathi.

IAHV works across 150 countries with a focus on conflict-ridden areas, including
Naxal-affected areas in India.

IAHV is not alone in looking at a sustainable skilling model in conflict-ridden
areas. In the Naxal-affected areas of Orissa, Gram Tarang Employability Training
Services is skilling thousands.

Six years ago, when Mukti Mishra, chairman of vocational training venture Gram
Tarang, decided to take over an ailing institute - Jagannath Institute for
Technology and Management in the Naxal-affetced Gajapati district of Orissa -
there was just one student at the institute, against an approved capacity of
420.

The institite became a private state university in 2007, with 10,000 students at
Centurion University of Technology & Management. Gram Tarang, its skill arm,
alone has 7,000 students acquiring skills in welding, masonry, plumbing,
hardware networking, electrical work among others. The remaining 3,000 are
potential engineers. "Our area of operation will always be naxal, tribal and
other inaccessible areas," says Mishra.

What's common to both the projects is funding from National Skill Development
Corporation (NSDC). Gram Tarang's project, which was self-funded, received a
soft loan of Rs 10 crore from NSDC in May 2010.

On its part, IAHV received a grant of Rs 47 lakh for its three projects that
kicked off in August 2010. "Ours is a social-commercial, fee-based model and we
are getting scale after funding from NSDC," says Mishra.

At the moment, one-third of the students (above the poverty line) pay fees,
while a third who are below the poverty line get government scholarships. The
remaining students are funded by companies that want to hire them.

By 2020, Centurion University of Technology & Management, with Gram Tarang,
plans to skill 100,000 youth every year from various segments of society. But
the focus will be always on socially and economically marginalised communities,
says Mishra. In the next six months, it plans to open centres in Balasore and
Malkangiri districts in Orissa. "It's a sustainable model; we will be able to
grow it," says Mishra.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

OJJDP FY 17 Racial and Ethnic Disparity Training and Technical Assistance

LENGTH: 638  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    OJJDP-2017-10948

 Funding Opportunity Title:    OJJDP FY 17 Racial and Ethnic Disparity Training
and Technical Assistance

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Category of Funding Activity:    Law, Justice and Legal Services

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    1

 CFDA Number(s):    16.540 -- Juvenile Justice and Delinquency
Prevention_Allocation to States

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    No



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Dec 19, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 19, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Feb 23, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Feb 23, 2017

 Archive Date:

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $1,000,000

 Award Ceiling:    $1,000,000

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information
on Eligibility" for clarification)

 For profit organizations other than small businesses

 Small businesses

 Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
institutions of higher education

 Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions of
higher education

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Eligible applicants are limited to
nonprofit organizations and for-profit organizations (including tribal nonprofit
and for-profit organizations), and institutions of higher education (including
tribal institutions of higher education). For-profit organizations (as well as
other recipients) must forgo any profit or management fee. OJJDP welcomes
applications under which two or more entities would carry out the federal award;
however, only one entity may be the applicant. Any others must be proposed as
subrecipients ("subgrantees"). The applicant must be the entity that would have
primary responsibility for carrying out the award, including administering the
funding and managing the entire project.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency Prevention

 Description:    The project will support the implementation of a major OJJDP
initiative to address racial and ethnic disparities in the juvenile justice
system, further strengthening OJJDP's support for the core requirement to reduce
disproportionate minority contact of youth with the juvenile justice system. To
this end, this solicitation will establish the Technical Assistance Center to
End Racial and Ethnic Disparities in the Juvenile Justice System, which will
provide tailored education, training, technical assistance, and resources to
state, local, and tribal governments and private organizations to help them
address their needs in reducing disproportionate minority contact. The resource
center will also help identify and implement promising and evidence-based
strategies that have a sound theoretical basis and/or have demonstrated
measurable success in reducing disproportionate minority contact. In addition,
the technical assistance project, under the direction and guidance of OJJDP,
will provide funding resources to state, local, and/or tribal governments to
promulgate and implement evidence-based, culturally and gender-sensitive
approaches to reduce disproportionate minority contact at the various contact
points throughout the juvenile justice system. The resource center will also
document, disseminate, and train on best practices, including community-driven
solutions that demonstrate measurable results in reducing disproportionate
minority contact.

 Link to Additional Information:    Full Announcement
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

Education, health, farming: Prithviraj lists out priorities

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Pune


In his first public appearance after being sworn in, Chief Minister Prithviraj
Chavan on Friday spelt out his vision for the state - balanced development, with
a stress on transparency in the system.

" With the help of our alliance partner, we will give priority to sectors such
as education, healthcare, agriculture and infrastructure. Maharashtra should
lead the country in every demographic parameter." Chavan was speaking at the
inaugural function of the All-India Vice-Chancellors' Conference organised by
the Bharati Vidyapeeth University (BVU) in association with University Grants
Commission (UGC) and Association of Indian Universities (AIU).

Speaking at length about challenges such as water scarcity, food security,
healthcare, energy crisis, global warming and gross enrollment ratio in higher
education, he called for equitable growth with focus on good governance. "If you
expand without good governance, there would be a question of equity and
quality... There are challenges before the state as centres of excellence are
concentrated in areas such as Pune, Mumbai or Nagpur. It raises the overall
average rate of growth of the state. However, in tribal areas of Melghat in
Vidarbha, deaths are taking place due to malnutrition. We cannot allow this to
happen..."

On higher education, Chavan called for fulfilling the challenge thrown by Prime
Minister Manmohan Singh of making this decade a decade of innovation for the
country. He briefed the audience about various initiatives in higher education
such as scholarships for basic sciences, foreign education providers' bill and
checking unfair practices.

He appealed to the vice-chancellors to play an important role and participate in
initiatives. "There is not a single Indian university in the top 200 list. The
list may be faulty, but it is still not acceptable. There is also no issue of
remuneration now since Sixth Pay Commission has been implemented."

He added, "It should be our endeavour to create the knowledge society with
scientific temper. Greater participation of private sector is required to
achieve this. However, they will have to stick to principles of social equality
and also maintain quality, for which giving scholarships will not be sufficient.
There is a need for better governance."

Chavan said along with basic sciences, there was also a need to put emphasis on
liberal arts. "Liberal arts streams though not popular among students due to
peer pressure, there is a need to build institutions for streams such as
economics, philosophy and political science."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            November 12, 2010 Friday

Education, health, farming: Prithviraj lists out priorities

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Pune


In his first public appearance after being sworn in, Chief Minister Prithviraj
Chavan on Friday spelt out his vision for the state - balanced development, with
a stress on transparency in the system.

"With the help of our alliance partner, we will give priority to sectors such as
education, healthcare, agriculture and infrastructure. Maharashtra should lead
the country in every demographic parameter." Chavan was speaking at the
inaugural function of the All-India Vice-Chancellors' Conference organised by
the Bharati Vidyapeeth University (BVU) in association with University Grants
Commission (UGC) and Association of Indian Universities (AIU).

Speaking at length about challenges such as water scarcity, food security,
healthcare, energy crisis, global warming and gross enrollment ratio in higher
education, he called for equitable growth with focus on good governance. "If you
expand without good governance, there would be a question of equity and
quality... There are challenges before the state as centres of excellence are
concentrated in areas such as Pune, Mumbai or Nagpur. It raises the overall
average rate of growth of the state. However, in tribal areas of Melghat in
Vidarbha, deaths are taking place due to malnutrition. We cannot allow this to
happen..."

On higher education, Chavan called for fulfilling the challenge thrown by Prime
Minister Manmohan Singh of making this decade a decade of innovation for the
country. He briefed the audience about various initiatives in higher education
such as scholarships for basic sciences, foreign education providers' bill and
checking unfair practices.

He appealed to the vice-chancellors to play an important role and participate in
initiatives. "There is not a single Indian university in the top 200 list. The
list may be faulty, but it is still not acceptable. There is also no issue of
remuneration now since Sixth Pay Commission has been implemented."

He added, "It should be our endeavour to create the knowledge society with
scientific temper. Greater participation of private sector is required to
achieve this. However, they will have to stick to principles of social equality
and also maintain quality, for which giving scholarships will not be sufficient.
There is a need for better governance."

Chavan said along with basic sciences, there was also a need to put emphasis on
liberal arts. "Liberal arts streams though not popular among students due to
peer pressure, there is a need to build institutions for streams such as
economics, philosophy and political science."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2014 Monday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Utah: Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA)
Program

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Required): Jan 21, 2014
Application: Mar 3, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Brenda Donaldson
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 240.453.8442
Email: brenda.donaldson@hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Chanya Liv
Phone: 202.690.2470
Email: oashgrantfoa@hhs.gov
Purpose

Mobilization for Health: National Prevention Partnership Awards (NPPA) Program
offers grants for community health programs to implement new and innovative
programs in health information and health promotion, health services, and
education in the appropriate use of healthcare.

The program is designed to create a national network of partnerships and
resources to promote health and wellness, educate and train, and establish
communication. Applicants should work to create state, local, or regional
partnerships aimed at increasing the use of preventive services, specifically in
underserved populations.

Activities must follow one of the following priorities or topics:

OASH Initiatives and Prevention Programs through healthcare preventive services.
Examples include:
        Economic impact
        Policy related issues regarding preventive services coverage
    Healthy people 2020 promotion. Examples include projects that focus on:
        High-risk populations
        Adults with chronic diseases
        Pregnant women
        Health disparities
        Healthcare personnel
        Populations older than 65 years
    Improvement on systems. Examples include:
        Electronic Health Record enhancements to support improvements in health
promotion and disease prevention
    Projects focusing on cultural competence, health equity, language access,
and the use of Promotores/Community Health Workers
    Education and Communication
    Health Promotion and/or disease prevention
    Risk reduction
    Use of healthcare service
    Barriers to healthcare including:
        Border health
        Access to care
        Literacy
    Breastfeeding
    Trauma informed care
    Violence women
    Health of older women

Eligibility

Applicants must enter into a minimum of three partnerships and have letters of
commitment from those partners.

Eligible applicants include:

Special district governments
    Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)
    Nonprofits that do not have a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than
    institutions of higher education
    Individuals
    For profit organizations other than small businesses
    Private institutions of higher education
    Independent school districts
    State governments
    Public housing authorities/Indian housing authorities
    Native American tribal organizations (other than Federally recognized tribal
governments)
    Public and State controlled institutions of higher education
    City or township governments
    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS, other than institutions
of higher education
    County governments
    Small businesses

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $500,000
Application
process

Applicants must submit a non-binding letter of intent by January 21, 2014.

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held on Tuesday, January 14, 2014 from 1-3
p.m. ET. Furth details can be found at
Tagged as  Aging, Cultural competency, Health policy, Health promotion and
disease prevention, Health services, Networking and collaboration, Public
health, Women

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Lake Benton Valley Journal

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

State awarded $10 million to reduce alcohol abuse in students, veterans

BYLINE: Lake Benton Valley Journal staff

LENGTH: 347  words


The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) has been awarded more than $10
million to reduce fatalities, injuries and other consequences attributed to high
risk alcohol use among college students and returning veterans over the next
five years. Funds are provided through a grant from the Substance Abuse and
Mental Health Services Administration, part of the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services.

Alcohol use levels are high among 18 to 24-year-qld college students and
returning veterans and contribute to alcohol related motor vehicle crashes,
alcohol poisoning, unwanted sexual encounters, emergency department trauma
admissions and other consequences, according to Carol Falkowski, director of the
DHS Alcohol and Drug Abuse Division. Historically Minnesota ranks among the
highest states in terms of overall drinking and binge drinking, she said.

"This grant is a sorely needed tool in the prevention toolbox for Minnesota
college students and returning vets," said Falkowski. "Based on our existing
prevention infrastructure and work among high school students, this grant will
round out our statewide efforts by targeting the other at-risk groups in a
meaningful, systematic, research-proven way."

DHS will aim to reduce the rates of alcohol abuse, morbidity and mortality among
college students through prevention initiatives at state, community and tribal
levels. It will also monitor the pattern of substance abuse by returning
veterans and plan prevention programs accordingly.

"Preventing alcohol and drug abuse and the severe consequences of addiction is
among our top priorities," said Dr. L. Read Sulik, assistant commissioner of the
DHS Chemical and Mental Health Services Administration. "We are very excited to
receive this grant that will expand these efforts."

DHS will work in partnership with the project advisory committee, Minnesota
Prevention Resource Center, regional prevention coordinators, planning and
implementation grantees and networks among college campuses to provide training
and technical assistance to sub-recipients and other communities.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LBJ

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2009 Lake Benton Valley Journal

                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lake Region Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

State Awarded $10 Million To Reduce Alcohol Abuse In Students, Veterans

BYLINE: Lake Region Times staff

LENGTH: 347  words


The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) has been awarded more than $10
million to reduce fatalities, injuries and other consequences attributed to
high-risk alcohol use among college students and returning veterans over the
next five years. Funds are provided through a grant from the Substance Abuse and
Mental Health Services Administration, part of the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services.

Alcohol use levels are high among 18- to 24-year-old college students and
returning veterans and contribute to alcohol-related motor vehicle crashes,
alcohol poisoning, unwanted sexual encounters, emergency department trauma
admissions and other consequences, according to Carol Falkowski, director of the
DHS Alcohol and Drug Abuse Division. Historically Minnesota ranks among the
highest states in terms of overall drinking and binge drinking, she said.

"This grant is a sorely needed tool in the prevention toolbox for Minnesota
college students and returning vets," said Falkowski. "Based on our existing
prevention infrastructure and work among high school students, this grant will
round out our statewide efforts by targeting the other at-risk groups in a
meaningful, systematic, research-proven way."

DHS will aim to reduce the rates of alcohol abuse, morbidity and mortality among
college students through prevention initiatives at state, community and tribal
levels. It will also monitor the pattern of substance abuse by returning
veterans and plan prevention programs accordingly.

"Preventing alcohol and drug abuse and the severe consequences of addiction is
among our top priorities," said Dr. L. Read Sulik, assistant commissioner of the
DHS Chemical and Mental Health Services Administration. "We are very excited to
receive this grant that will expand these efforts."

DHS will work in partnership with the project advisory committee, Minnesota
Prevention Resource Center, regional prevention coordinators, planning and
implementation grantees and networks among college campuses to provide training,
and technical assistance to sub-recipients and other communities

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 Lake Region Times

                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

In Effort to Fix Tribal Schools, Feds Face Doubts

BYLINE: Corey Mitchell, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1356 words


Jan. 21--An Obama administration proposal to turn more control of Bureau of
Indian Education schools over to tribes is facing resistance in some corners of
Indian Country, even among those who could benefit from the plans.

Even as the White House has released reports that offer a stark appraisal of
past failures in federal education policy for Native Americans, some tribal
leaders are rebuffing offers of aid and pledges of new supports for Indian
education from the federal government.

The Oglala Sioux tribe of Pine Ridge, S.D., is turning down $200,000, its share
of $2.5 million in grants to be awarded to entice tribes to take more control
over educating their children. It was among six tribes that the U.S. Department
of the Interior--the federal agency that oversees the Bureau of Indian
Education--announced in November had been selected to receive "Sovereignty in
Indian Education" enhancement funds.

Part of the administration's push to improve the quality of education provided
by the BIE, that money is dedicated to helping transform the bureau into a
"school improvement organization" that assists tribally controlled schools
rather than operating them.

BIE schools are some of the lowest-performing in the country, and the
reorganization of the bureau comes after years of scathing reports from watchdog
agencies, including the U.S. Government Accountability Office, and complaints
from tribal educators about financial and academic mismanagement.

U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell--whose department is responsible for
the 47,000 students enrolled in BIE schools--announced the creation of the
competitive grants this past summer. At the time, some tribal leaders expressed
deep concerns about the effort.

Charles "Monty" Roessel, the director of the BIE, understands the distrust. For
too long, the federal government has left tribes out of the discussion about the
education of Native American children, he said, but this new effort puts tribes
in the driver's seat with support from government officials.

"Education has been 'done' to tribes for too long," Mr. Roessel said. "This [
initiative] isn't just dumping schools on the tribe. It's asking, 'What kind of
support do you need?' "

Overcoming Distrust

Despite the acknowledgment from Obama administration officials that the federal
government is largely to blame for the failures in American Indian education,
the long-standing distrust of the BIE will be difficult to overcome, tribal
educators said.

Dayna Brave Eagle, the director of the Oglala Sioux education department, said
tribal leaders initially jumped at the opportunity to apply for the competitive
grant, citing a need to wrest control from the BIE.

"The tribe needed to become more of a vocal player in education, teaching our
students," said Ms. Brave Eagle, who has taught in or led tribal schools for
nearly 30 years.

But the enthusiasm shifted to exasperation among the tribe's elected leaders,
she said.

"Because of our past history with the bureau, it's hard to know what [the
agency's] intent is," Ms. Brave Eagle said.

Oglala Sioux tribal leadership did not respond to Education Week's questions
about why they ultimately decided to refuse the federal aid.

Other tribes see the grant funds as an opportunity to begin to move beyond a
past littered with broken promises.

Matthew Tso, a legislative analyst with the Navajo Nation Department of Dine
Education, said tribal education leaders aim to use the federal money to work on
curriculum alignment, among other efforts, for students in a sprawling network
of districts that encompasses nearly 250 schools.

"The challenge for our leaders is 'Do we stick with the status quo?' " Mr. Tso
said. "We have to do something different to change the future of Navajo Nation."

Ahead of President Barack Obama's appearance at the annual Tribal Nations
Conference in December, a White House report acknowledged "a history of deeply
troubling and destructive federal policies and actions" that has hurt Native
communities, while it warned that progress today "continues to be hindered" by
poor educational infrastructure.

President Obama's appearance came just months after his administration rolled
out the "Blueprint for Reform," its vision for overhauling the BIE, which
directly operates 57 schools for Native American students and oversees more than
120 others run under contract by tribes.

"We're facing a couple hundred years of broken promises with these schools,"
said Donald Yu, the chief school transformation officer in the Office of Indian
Affairs, who is helping to oversee the BIE reorganization.

More than a third of American Indian children live in poverty, and just
two-thirds graduate from high school--the lowest of any racial or ethnic
demographic group, according to White House reports.

"Fragmented, balkanized" education systems across Indian Country have not helped
solve the problems, Mr. Yu said.

"Without many urgently needed investments and reforms targeting Native youth in
education and other high-impact areas, Native youth face even greater challenges
in the future," the White House report found.

New Resources, Efforts

In response, the president is expected to unveil a series of new steps to
address challenges faced by Native American youths, inside the classroom and
out.

That will include a new grant program administered by the U.S. Department of
Education to finance programs to improve the college and career readiness of
Native children, and a program launched in partnership with the Aspen Institute
to improve access to leadership-development tools.

The administration will also convene two meetings on the issue: a February
summit on Native leadership, and another gathering later this year expected to
draw hundreds of Native youths to the White House.

Members of President Obama's Cabinet are scheduled to travel in the coming
months to Indian Country for discussions with youths on how federal policies
could be improved.

Mr. Roessel and Mr. Yu are also celebrating the recently approved congressional
spending bill that provides a $40 million funding increase for BIE schools,
including more construction money to repair or replace crumbling schools.

Tribal education departments that have three or more BIE schools on their
reservations were eligible for the sovereignty grants. The six original
recipient tribes are Gila River Indian Community of Sacaton, Ariz.; Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe of Fort Yates, N.D.; Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa,
Belcourt, N.D.; Navajo Nation; Tohono O'Odham Nation; and the Oglala Sioux.

Federal officials said the grant funds will help tribes develop improvement
plans that are tied to goals for improving academic achievement and correcting
operational efficiencies, including those identified in a Government
Accountability Office report released in November. The watchdog agency found
that many BIE schools have serious financial problems, including a lack of
proper oversight and accumulations of unspent funds that aren't reaching
classrooms and students as intended.

Mr. Tso said it's a problem he's seen far too often in schools across the Navajo
Nation, with policies and procedures "all over the place."

Many of the school districts operate independently with little regard for
federal education guidelines, which is a problem for the 38,000 students
educated on and around the reservation, which spans three states, he said.

Navajo Nation leaders will use the grant to pay for a two-year project to align
curriculum, establish some adherence to the Common Core State Standards, and
modernize an outdated teacher-evaluation system.

The BIE and tribes are eager to embrace change, said Mr. Yu.

"There's not an expectation that this will take a long time," he said.

But trust may remain the biggest hurdle.

"There are a lot of people who have been through this whole process before.
They're leery about any direction coming from the top," Mr. Tso said. "The BIE
is recognizing that things didn't work before. They want to do something
differently."

___ (c)2015 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150121-1ED-In-Effort-to-Fix-Tribal-Schools-Feds-Face-Doubts-20150121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2015 Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Hendricks Pioneer

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

State awarded $10 million to reduce alcohol abuse in students, veterans

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 348  words


The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) has been awarded more than $10
million to reduce fatalities, injuries and other consequences attributed to
high-risk alcohol use among college students and returning veterans over the
next five years. Funds are provided through a grant from the Substance Abuse and
Mental Health Services Administration, part of the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services.

Alcohol use levels are high among 18 to 24-year-old college students and
returning veterans and contribute to alcohol-related motor vehicle crashes,
alcohol poisoning, unwanted sexual encounters, emergency department trauma
admissions and ' other consequences, according to Carol Falkowski, director of
the DHS Alcohol and Drug Abuse Division. Historically Minnesota ranks among the
highest states in terms of overall drinking and binge drinking, she said.

"This grant is a sorely needed tool in the prevention toolbox for Minnesota
college students and returning vets," said Falkowski. "Based on our existing
prevention infrastructure and work among high school students, this grant will
round out our statewide efforts by targeting the other at-risk groups in a
meaningful, systematic, research-proven way."

DHS will aim to reduce the rates of alcohol abuse, morbidity and mortality among
college students through prevention initiatives at state, community and tribal
levels. It will also monitor the pattern of substance abuse by returning
veterans and plan prevention programs accordingly.

"Preventing alcohol and drug abuse and the severe consequences of addiction is
among our top priorities," said Dr. L. Read Su-lik, assistant commissioner of
the DHS Chemical and Mental Health Services Administration. "We are very excited
to receive this grant that will expand these efforts."

DHS will work in partnership with the project advisory committee, Minnesota
Prevention Resource Center, regional prevention coordinators, planning and
implementation grantees and networks among college campuses to provide training
and technical assistance to sub-recipients and other communities.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 Hendricks Pioneer

                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Scholarships for Underprivileged Girls

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Feb. 11 -- In an endeavour to encourage underprivileged girl students
who wish to pursue their higher education after Grade 12, Wipro Consumer Care in
association with 'Wipro Cares' has announced Santoor Scholarship programme, an
initiative which will provide free scholarships. The scholarship programme will
be a recurring annual programme. It will be rolled out in 2016-17 and will
initially cover the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. The grant given to
each of the beneficiaries could be utilized for tuition fees or other expenses
incidental only to education. 600 scholarships were given, i.e. 300 from
Telangana and 300 from Andhra Pradesh.

The scholarship shall be Rs 36,000 per annum if the diploma/degree college is
located in a large city and Rs 24,000 otherwise. Sixty percent of the
scholarships is earmarked for students who wish to pursue higher education in
the fields of humanities, liberal arts and sciences. The remaining forty percent
can be availed by students pursuing professional courses.

Scholarships are open to girls from underprivileged and disadvantaged
backgrounds who wish to pursue their diploma/degree. To qualify, the student
must have passed her grade 10 and 12 from a government school/college.

Applications will be available with the government junior college principals.
Students interested are required to go through the application process and meet
the eligibility criteria to be considered for the scholarship.

The scholarship programme was announced in Hyderabad on Wednesday in the
presence of Kadiam Srihari, Deputy Chief Minister and Minister of Education,
Govt of Telangana, R Kishore Babu, Minister for Social and Tribal Welfare, Govt.
of Andhra Pradesh, Benhur Mahesh Dutt Ekka, IAS, Secretary, SC development
department, Govt. of Telangana, Dr R S Praveen Kumar, IPS, Secretary, Telangana
Social Welfare Residential Institutions Society, Dr. Vijayakumar, Secretary,
Social welfare Department, Govt of Andhra Pradesh, Dr M Padma, IAS, Director (TW
Dept.), Principal Secretary to Govt., TW Dept., Govt. of Andhra Pradesh and Col
V. Ramulu, I.Po.S., Secretary, Andhra Pradesh Social Welfare Residential
Institutions Society.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     December 10, 2013 Tuesday 12:49 PM GMT

End this tribalism and move on, says Apprentice tough-talker Margaret Mountford

BYLINE: By Anna Maguire

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 433 words


She is known for her straight talking in the boardroom.

But now former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford has blasted Northern Ireland's
politicians for not doing enough to move our "tribal" society forward.

Ms Mountford (below with Lord Sugar) described Northern Ireland's segregation as
"shocking", an ongoing divide which is costing the economy millions, during a
whistle-stop tour of an integrated school in Belfast.

"It seems to me ridiculous to keep children apart until 18. I see no merit in
it," Lord Sugar's Apprentice adviser, from Holywood, Co Down, said.

"I have been away from Northern Ireland since 1970 and there are still areas of
Belfast which are almost no-go areas for members of one part of the community or
another. One cannot countenance that in a European society. It's shocking,
actually, shocking that it's still like that."

Speaking during a visit to north Belfast's Hazelwood Integrated College, she
said: "When universities and businesses are integrated, why do we keep children
apart until 18?

"It's tribal. It should be a thing of the past. We should have moved on; we need
to move on."

She said the onus falls on the Executive which, despite its emphasis on shared
education in the Programme for Government, is not working hard enough to promote
integration.

"I get the feeling not enough is being done to promote integrated education,"
she told the Belfast Telegraph.

"It seems to be harder to start an integrated school than it is to expand a
non-integrated school in terms of Government funding."

Hazelwood received a £150,000 grant from integrated education bodies to
establish a 18-classroom mobile unit in August.

But the facility - a centre for maths, ICT, the sciences and careers - was
padlocked shut by Belfast Education and Library Board at the start of the
academic year in a dispute over the lease for the land.

The school has been forging relationships with businesses to introduce pupils to
the world of work - an initiative which brought Ms Mountford to Belfast.

The Department of Education has said it takes seriously its statutory duty to
facilitate and encourage the development of integrated education.

WHAT SHE SAID

"We know that integration is fundamental to society. It seems to me ridiculous
to keep children apart until 18... when universities and businesses are
integrated. I see no merit in it."

"I have been away from Northern Ireland since 1970 and there are still areas of
Belfast which are almost no-go areas for members of one part of the community or
another. One cannot countenance that in a European society."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: FACT SHEET: The White House Tribal Nations Conference

LENGTH: 2288  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

On Wednesday, the White House will host the White House Tribal Nations
Conference. Leaders from the 566 federally-recognized Native nations engaged
with the President, Cabinet Officials, and the White House Council on Native
American Affairs on key issues facing tribes including, respecting tribal
sovereignty and upholding treaty and trust responsibilities, lack of access to
capital and credit, and protecting Native women and youth.

This year's Conference builds on the President's visit in June of this year to
the Standing Rock Sioux Indian Reservation, where he reaffirmed his commitment
to education and economic development. Nearly half of Native American people (42
percent) are under the age of 24; more than one-third of Native children live in
poverty; and Native youth have the lowest high school graduation rate of
students across all schools. As part of the Conference, the White House will
release a new Native Youth Report that explores the challenges facing Native
youth and makes recommendations for a path forward. For the first time in these
Conferences, the voice of Native youth will be represented by 36 White House
Youth Ambassadors, who will join tribal leaders in the breakout sessions and
panels, and participating in leadership development programming.

President Obama will also announce the launch of Generation Indigenous (Gen I),
a Native youth initiative focused on removing the barriers that stand between
Native youth and their opportunity to succeed. This initiative will take a
comprehensive, culturally appropriate approach to help improve the lives and
opportunities for Native youth and will include:

New Native Youth Community Projects, administered by the Department of Education
(ED) through the existing Demonstration Grants Program to provide funding in a
select number of Native communities to support culturally relevant coordinated
strategies designed to improve the college-and-career readiness of Native
children and youth.
    New National Tribal Youth Network program in partnership with the Aspen
Institute's Center for Native American Youth. The Youth Network will support
leadership development, provide peer support through an interactive online
portal that links resources and tools, and empowers youth to become leaders
within their communities. The White House, in cooperation with the Aspen
Institute, will also host a high-level convening on challenges facing Native
youth in February 2015.
    The release of the White House Native Youth Report that acknowledges past
failures of federal policy on the education of Native students, explores the
breadth of the challenges facing Native children, and makes recommendations for
a path forward.
    The launch of the Cabinet Native Youth Listening Tour, which will begin next
year as part of the President's call to hear directly from Native youth on how
to bolster federal policies to improve youth outcomes. In addition, the
Administration will expand federal outreach on youth internships and employment
opportunities across the federal agencies.
    The first ever White House Tribal Youth Gathering to engage hundreds of
Native youth in a day-long convening in the summer of 2015.  This gathering
builds on the November 2014 Native Youth Conference hosted by Substance Abuse
and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) and the tribal youth visit
with President Obama.

In addition to these efforts, the Department of the Interior (DOI) is making
progress to transform the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE). Since Secretary
Jewell's Secretarial Order directing Indian Affairs to restructure the BIE to
serve as a support network to schools rather than a direct education provider,
DOI, along with ED has made steady progress towards implementing the
Administration's vision of high-achieving tribally-controlled schools.

Below are additional announcements and commitments that support tribal nations:

SUPPORTING THE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT OF ALL NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENTS

Promoting Educational Self-Determination for Tribal Nations through Sovereignty
in Indian Education Enhancements. In October 2014, DOI took a critical step
towards furthering tribal control over BIE-funded schools when it issued $1.2M
to six tribes to research, assess and develop implementation plans to establish
tribally managed school systems.

Building tribal capacity through State Tribal Education Partnership (STEP)
grants. The STEP grant program is designed to strengthen Tribal Education
Agencies (TEAs), and improve partnerships between tribes, states, and school
districts so they can work together more effectively to meet the academic,
cultural, and social needs of Native students. EDs Office of Indian Education
(OIE) published a Notice of Proposed Priorities (NPP) for the STEP program on
October 31, 2014.

Expanding Access to STEM Programs. In September 2014, ED entered into an
agreement with the National Park Service at DOI, and the Hands on the Land
program at the National Environmental Education Foundation, to develop a project
around STEM skills at 17 Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) funded schools and one
state funded school near 21st Century Community Learning Center programs. The
project will introduce students to STEM activities focused on natural and
cultural resources to improve the retention of students in STEM activities
during their middle and high school years.

Convening Native Languages Summit. Following the first Native Languages Summit
in June 2014 which brought together 300 participants, the National Endowment for
the Humanities, the National Science Foundation, and the Association of Tribal
Archives, Libraries, and Museums have joined ED and the Departments of the
Interior (DOI) and Health and Human Services, (HHS) to convene a second Native
Languages Summit in the Fall of 2015. The Summit will discuss best practices in
preserving and revitalizing Native languages.

Improvements in ED's Special Programs for Indian Children. On December 3, ED
will publish a notice of proposed rulemaking that proposes changes to the
Demonstration grants program to add the Native Youth Community Projects
mentioned above. It also makes substantial improvements to the Professional
Development program, which funds the training of new American Indian/Alaska
Native teachers and administrators.

BUILDING STRONGER TRIBAL BUSINESSES AND ECONOMIES

Including Tribal Nations in Department of Labor (DOL) Grant Programs. DOL will
announce that the agency will treat federally-recognized tribal governments the
same way it treats state and local governments when determining eligibility for
employment and training grants. Following this announcement, DOL will consult
with tribes, develop model grant language, incorporate the language into all
relevant Funding Opportunity Announcements, and inform tribal leaders of
upcoming funding opportunities.

Supporting the Hiring of Tribal Members by Federal Contractors. DOL's Office of
Federal Contract Compliance Programs' (OFCCP) Indian and Native American
Employment Rights Program assists federal contractors that would like to use a
tribal preference for work on or near tribal lands to do so consistent with
existing law. OFCCP will sign an MOU with the Council on Tribal Employment
Rights to formalize the agency's working relationship with the Council. In turn,
the Council will work closely with Tribal Employment Rights Offices (TEROs) to
ensure contractors are able to hire tribal members.

Supporting Native CDFIs' Sustainability and Impact. In October, the Department
of Treasury announced a specialized training and technical assistance series to
Native Community Development Financial Institutions (Native CDFIs) to foster
their growth and sustainability, and enhance their ability to deliver financial
services and financial products to Native American, Alaska Native, and Native
Hawaiian nations, tribes, and communities.

Improving Transportation and Infrastructure.  As part of a set aside to the
Federal Highway Administration's (FHWA) Tribal Transportation Program (TTP), DOT
awarded $8.5 million this year in Tribal Transportation Program Safety Funds to
183 tribal nations for 195 projects that address safety needs in tribally
identified areas of planning, engineering, education, and emergency response and
enforcement. Similarly, under the discretionary component of the Tribal Transit
Program (TTP), Federal Transportation Authority (FTA) funded 48 projects in 19
States totaling $5.04 million for Indian tribes to enhance and expand their
transit services.

Improving Tribal Water Infrastructure. This year, the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) distributed $29 million to initiate the construction of 77
wastewater infrastructure projects for tribal nations to address the desperate
need for basic sanitation services on tribal lands. Additionally, EPA
distributed over $18 million for the construction of drinking water
infrastructure projects for tribes to improve access to safe drinking water.

IMPROVING TRIBAL JUSTICE

Disseminating Reports and Recommendations on Tribal Justice. In November, the
Department of Justice (DOJ) disseminated a report titled Ending Violence So
Children Can Thrive that outlines policy and practice recommendations on the
issue of children's exposure to violence in Indian Country. The report is the
culmination of the work of DOJ's Task Force Advisory Committee on American
Indian and Alaska Native Children Exposed to Violence, which conducted four
public hearings and several listening sessions across the country to gather
information on these important issues. Additionally, DOJ's Office for Victims of
Crime's National Coordination Committee on American Indian/Alaska Native Sexual
Assault Nurse Examiner-Sexual Assault Response Team released a report titled
Improving Federal Agency Response to Sexual Violence in Tribal Nations: Issues
and Recommendations.

SUPPORTING HEALTHY, STRONG NATIVE AMERICAN COMMUNITIES

Expanding Access to Health Care. HHS plans to announce the publication of a
proposed rule for Medicare like rates for Indian Health Service (IHS) payments
for purchased/referred care for non-hospital based and provider services.
Additionally, HHS/CMS and Treasury/IRS have developed a new streamlined process
for American Indian and Alaska Native citizens and family members who are
eligible for health services from an Indian health-care provider to claim an
exemption from the Affordable Care Act's individual shared responsibility
payment through the tax filing process. CMS also issued approximately $4 million
for Connecting Kids to Coverage American Indian and Alaska Native Grants to
increase participation in Medicaid and CHIP. In November, the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) announced new flexibility concerning the
participation of tribal employers that will make it easier for them to enroll
their employees in the FEHB Program.

Improving Behavioral Health.  In November, HHS's SAMHSA hosted a Native Youth
Conference focused on improving the health and well-being of Native youth. At
the conference, youth shared their views on federal policies, programs, and
activities; contributed to the national tribal behavioral health agenda; and
learned about best practices supported by SAMHSA's tribal grants. In August,
SAMHSA also announced the creation of a new Office of Tribal Affairs and Policy
to serve as the point of contact on behavioral health issues and to support
policies and innovative practices.

PROMOTING CLIMATE RESILIENCE AND LAND AND NATURAL RESOURCES

Technical Assistance for Tribal Renewable Energy Projects. Department of
Energy's Office of Indian Energy announced a new round of competition for the
Alaska Strategic Technical Assistance Response Team Program (START), a technical
assistance program that supports the development of clean energy, energy
efficiency projects, capacity building and energy planning efforts for rural
Alaska Native villages and corporations.

ADVANCING THE GOVERNMENT TO GOVERNMENT RELATIONSHIP

Restoring Tribal Homelands in Trust for Tribes. DOI continues to prioritize
placing tribal homelands in trust for tribes, and has placed more than 280,400
acres of land into trust since 2009. Interior Secretary Jewell's goal for DOI is
to place at least 500,000 acres of land into trust by the end of the Obama
Administration.  In May of this year, DOI issued a proposed rule that would
allow the Department to consider fee-to-trust applications from tribes in
Alaska. Additionally, under DOI's Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal Nations, the
Department is paying fair-market value to individuals who choose to sell
fractional interests in trust or restricted land.  Purchased interests are
immediately transferred to tribal trust ownership, ensuring that land stays in
trust.

Resolving Longstanding Disputes.  Since President Obama took office, the
Administration has established a new relationship with Native nations,
increasing consultation with tribes on matters across the federal government
that affect their interests, and the fair and expeditious settlement of
litigation. The Administration settled the protracted Cobell litigation, several
significant water rights cases, and lawsuits or claims brought by 80 Indian
tribes, over the management of monetary assets and natural resources held in
trust by the United States, for a total of $2.5 billion. These settlements mark
an important milestone in the Obama Administration's commitment to upholding the
federal trust responsibility and strengthening our partnerships with tribal
nations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Utah: 'My Brother's Keeper' Progress Report Outlines Cross-Sector Engagement

LENGTH: 430  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Compiled by a White House-appointed task force, the One-Year Progress Report to
the President (61 pages, PDF) details how the initiative has advanced efforts in
the areas of state and local engagement, private-sector action, and federal
policy review and reform. For instance, nearly two hundred cities, counties, and
tribal nations in forty-three states have accepted the My Brother's Keeper
Community Challenge and, in partnership with community-based organizations, are
working to design and implement cradle-to-college and career-action plans. Among
other things, MBK Communities receive technical assistance to develop,
implement, and track the progress of their plans from federal agencies and
independent organizations with related expertise.

The report also highlights the actions that foundations, nonprofits, social
enterprises, and businesses have taken to advance the initiative, with more than
$300 million in grants and in-kind resources committed, including investments in
safe and effective schools, mentoring programs, juvenile justice reforms, and
school redesign. In addition, sixty-three school districts have signed on to the
Council of the Great City Schools' pledge to improve educational outcomes for
all students, including boys and young men of color. Recent actions also include
a commitment of $13 million from Prudential to support technical assistance for
MBK Communities as well as impact investments in social enterprises working to
eliminate barriers to financial and social mobility, and an NBA public service
campaign in partnership with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership aimed at
recruiting twenty-five thousand new mentors over the next five years.

The report also found a greater focus by the federal government on investments
in evidence-based interventions. They include the Department of Labor's American
Apprenticeship Initiative and the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe, as well as
public-private partnerships such as Youth Opportunity AmeriCorps, School
Turnaround AmeriCorps, and the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps. In
addition, the Departments of Education and Justice have issued Correctional
Education guidance to help ensure that incarcerated youth have the full
protection of existing laws and benefits, while other federal agencies have
advanced efforts to collect quality data on boys and young men of color and
their peers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Anti-Terrorism Grants for Local
Communities

LENGTH: 765 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a member of the Senate Committee on Homeland
Security & Governmental Affairs, announced federal funds available to help local
communities counter violent extremism by building bridges and encouraging
dialogue.





 "To make sure towns across North Dakota and the country remain strong and safe,
we need to be tough and smart on terrorism to prevent radicalization in
communities. Part of that includes reaching out to all populations in North
Dakota's communities to promote open discussions and support community
engagement," said Heitkamp. "I have long pushed to make sure North Dakota's
towns have the training and resources needed to protect our communities from any
potential threat, and these funds could help support those efforts."



 The first time Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) Grants come from the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security. This first round of CVE grant funding will make
$10 million available that will specifically go to state, local, and tribal
governments so they have the resources, training, and assistance needed to
counter violent extremism and recruitment on the ground. These grants aim to
prevent individuals who may be on path toward violent extremism by supporting
community-based solutions to deter an individual well before they engage in
criminal or terrorist activity, which will require additional resources for law
enforcement. More information about CVE grants can be found on the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security's website.



 Interested communities need to apply by September 6, 2016. Eligible applicants
include state, local, and tribal governments, non-profit institutions, and
colleges and universities. For those interested in applying for the CVE grants,
they should visit the Notice of Funding Opportunity available on Grants.gov for
further information on the application process.



 Heitkamp's work to support strong national security policies includes:



     Cosponsoring legislation to support anti-terror efforts in the U.S.:
Heitkamp is a proponent of a bill introduced in June to add $175 million in
additional funding to the FBI's counter-terrorism efforts. FBI funding was cut
by more than $500 million in 2013 as a result of across-the-board federal budget
cuts. While FBI funding has increased since then, the domestic threat posed by
terrorist groups such as ISIS has increased as well. The $175 million in funding
Heitkamp is pushing for would add nearly 400 counter-terrorism positions to
equip FBI to handle emerging threats.



     Preparing first responders to handle terrorist threats: At a U.S. Senate
Committee hearing in June, Heitkamp questioned terrorism experts about what the
United States can do to prevent ISIS radicalization and homegrown terrorism. It
followed a Senate hearing in February during which Heitkamp pressed police
commissioners and first responders to explain what challenges remain in
preparing responders in rural communities for the threat of terrorism. Heitkamp
has made first responder preparedness a priority through her Strong & Safe
Communities Initiative.



     Meeting with key Middle East leaders: Heitkamp joined in an official
Congressional trip in January to the Middle East and Vienna with seven other
senators where she visited with top officials and experts, including ambassadors
and heads of state, in Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Israel, and Austria about matters
regarding regional security. They also met with International Atomic Energy
Agency officials - the international inspectors who are implementing the Iran
nuclear deal - and allies about fully implementing and enforcing the deal.



     Pushing the Administration for strong Iran missile and terrorism sanctions:
During a U.S. Senate hearing in May, Heitkamp urged Administration officials to
guarantee that sanctions are used to punish Iran for its development of
ballistic missiles and that the Iran nuclear deal is strictly enforced. Heitkamp
stressed the importance of holding Iran accountable if it violates the agreement
- even incrementally. After Iran tested ballistic missile technology last year,
Heitkamp called on the President to take strong action in response to the
violations of international law. Two months later the Administration did as
Heitkamp requested, imposing stricter sanctions on companies and individuals
involved in developing Iran's ballistic missile program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Washington: U.S. Department of Commerce Awards Nearly $10 Million in "Power"
Grants

LENGTH: 1446 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Commerce has issued the following news release:



 Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker announced the first round of
grant recipients under the Obama Administration's Partnership for Opportunity
and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative. POWER is led by
the EDA and aligns the resources of four federal agencies, the Department of
Commerce, the Department of Labor, the Small Business Administration, and the
Appalachian Regional Commission. In total, the Administration is announcing 36
POWER awards worth $14,546,457. The awards, which include both Planning and
Implementation grants, will be given to partnerships in 12 states and tribal
nations. The Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration (EDA) is
awarding nearly $10 million for 26 projects.





 Over the past several years, the United States has come to rely less on coal as
a primary source of power due to advancements in natural gas production,
declining costs for renewable energy, and increases in energy efficiency. As a
result, many communities that have traditionally depended on the coal industry
as a source of growth now need assistance to diversify their economies and train
workers for new jobs. The POWER Initiative awards funds that will be invested in
local economic and workforce development initiatives to help build resilient
regional economies amidst a changing power sector landscape.



 &ldquo;Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration
has committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape,&rdquo; said Secretary Pritzker. &ldquo;The POWER grants announced
today by EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs,
diversify its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century.&rdquo;




 U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development Jay Williams
traveled to Kentucky and West Virginia to announce the award of EDA POWER grants
to the Commonwealth of Kentucky Cabinet for Finance and Administration and eight
other KY based projects.  He was joined by project awardees, Kentucky Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, ARC Federal Co-Chair Earl Gohl, and
DOL-ETA Deputy Assistant Byron Zuidema.



 &ldquo;The POWER Initiative is a demonstration of this Administration's
continued commitment to breaking down silos within the federal government,
enabling federal dollars to have a greater impact,&rdquo; said U.S. Assistant
Secretary Williams. &ldquo;EDA is proud to lead this initiative with our federal
partners and look forward to seeing the results of these investments in coal
communities across the nation.&rdquo;



 POWER Implementation grants fund existing economic development plans and
strategies that address one or more of the following economic benefits:
local/regional economic diversification, re-employment opportunities for
dislocated coal industry employees, attracting new investment for job creation,
and workforce development. EDA awarded nearly $8 million in POWER Implementation
grants including:



     $100,000 EDA grant to Perry County Fiscal Court in Kentucky for the
Southeastern Kentucky Economic HUB Opportunities Diversification Implementation
Project.

     $1,200,000 EDA grant to West Case Substance Abuse Treatment in Kentucky for
the WestCare Kentucky Economic Development Project at the Judy Patton Center.

     $200,000 EDA grant to Appalshop, Inc., in Kentucky for Mines to Minds: The
Southeast Kentucky High Tech Workforce Certificate Project. ARC is also awarding
$75,000 to this project.

     $300,000 EDA grant to the International Economic Development Council Inc.,
in Alabama, Kentucky, and Tennessee for the IEDC Rural Development Institute for
Coal Communities.

     $1,000,000 EDA grant to the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Cabinet for Finance
and Administration for Unleashing the POWER of the I-Way! Building an ecosystem
for electronic commerce in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also awarding $75,000 to
this project, and ETA is awarding $2,000,000.

     $468,635 EDA grant to the Kentucky Center for Agriculture and Rural
Development for food chain supply development in Eastern Kentucky. ARC is also
awarding $75,000 to this project.

     $35,000 EDA grant to the East Tennessee Development District for the
Campbell County TN implementation plan to improve broadband access.

     $1,400,000 EDA grant to San Juan College in New Mexico for the Four Corners
POWER Initiative.

     $200,000 EDA grant to the Chicago Transit Authority in Illinois for the
Fisk Power Plant Redevelopment Plan.

     $1,257,800 EDA grant to the Region 10 League of Economics Assistance and
Planning Inc., in Colorado for broadband infrastructure support.

     $826,400 EDA grant to the Town of Union, West Virginia for the UTC Water
Project.

     $275,000 EDA grant to the Friends of Southwest Virginia for RESOURCE-FULL.
ARC is also awarding $75,000 to this project.

     $600,000 EDA and ARC grant to the Coalfield Development Corporation for the
Coalfield Development Corporation's Regional Economic Diversification.



 Planning grants may be used for developing targeted economic development
strategies, feasibility studies, impact assessments, asset mapping, and other
relevant strategic planning efforts. EDA awarded nearly $1.8 million in POWER
Planning grants, including:



     $250,000 to Technology 2020 in Tennessee to expand and improve capacity to
provide entrepreneurial support through its Center for Entrepreneurial Growth
program.

     $80,000 to the Kentucky River Area Development District to fund a leakage
analysis that will provide the necessary first look by the Area Development
Districts into what businesses exist in the 26 county regions.

     $100,000 to Berea College in Kentucky to support the Promise Zone efforts
to develop a collective impact strategy to fully engage Opportunity Youth in the
work of economic transition.

      $160,000 to Hopkins County Fiscal Court in Kentucky to undertake a
multi-phased integrated effort to clearly identify and assess the regional
impact of the coal and power industries while developing a long-term economic
diversification and growth plan that reduces the region's reliance on coal.

     $274,500 to the Big Sandy Area Development District in Kentucky to conduct
RLF marketing, cluster/sector strategies development, resource/network
development, entrepreneurial service provider networking/coordination.

     $327,300 to the Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments Economic
Development District to direct and coordinate a study in Arizona, New Mexico,
Utah, and Colorado to assess current and future impacts of the coal industry in
the San Juan Basin and the surrounding region to evaluate current and future
assets and opportunities for and obstacles to regional economic diversification,
and to produce a report summarizing recommendations for regional economic
sustainability.

     $50,222 to the Mississippi River Regional Planning Commission in Wisconsin
to collect and analyze current information on project regional economic trends;
review and analyze current economic development strategies for project region
with local and regional stakeholders; develop an actionable strategic economic
plan for Buffalo County; identify business formation and growth obstacles;
identify specific activities for potential implementation and a tentative
schedule for each; and complete a detailed analysis of the project region
workforce.

     $50,000 to Moffat County, Colorado to conduct a comprehensive economic
assessment of the current commercial and economic needs and assets of Moffat
County and the surrounding region.

     $36,000 to the Southern Appalachia Labor School in West Virginia to
evaluate the possible economic use of abandoned and reclaimed surface mine
operations as well as an abandoned golf course and mountain terrain in an
economically distressed and underserved area that has suffered disproportionate
economic job losses.

     $40,000 to the Southern Alleghenies Planning and Development Commission in
Pennsylvania to develop a strategic business development and attraction plan.

     $100,000 to the WV Hub for The Innovation Acceleration Strategy to develop
community-specific plans for five communities in the southern part of the state
for economic diversification that are focused on implementable economic
activity.

     $124,000 to the Lewis County Economic Development in Washington for an
economic diversification and revitalization plan to mitigate job losses from the
closure of a coal-fired power plant



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Tribal allocations focus on education

BYLINE: Mark Johnson, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Aug. 26--TRAVERSE CITY -- Local Native American students will benefit from more
than $300,000 in gambling revenue grants.

The Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians announced allocations
totaling $722,692.68 through the first phase of its twice annual 2 percent
allocation of electronic gaming revenue to local government entities.

A press release reported about $321,000 of the total allocations will be
directed toward Native American education programs at seven northern Michigan
schools, including Traverse City, Northport and Elk Rapids public schools, among
others. Suttons Bay Public Schools received the largest of all allocations at
$100,000 to continue its Native American education program.

"It is something we are hugely dependent upon. The tribe has been wonderful on
an annual basis," said Suttons Bay Public Schools Superintendent Christopher
Nelson. "We can actually take these funds and directly put these funds toward
the benefit of the students."

An estimated 30 percent of Suttons Bay's enrolled students, or about 100 Native
American students, will benefit from the continuing program focusing on helping
students struggling with grade-level expectations and bringing them up to those
standards in all areas.

Nelson said the school's 100 percent graduation rate among Native American
students last school year directly resulted from the program's success.

The school couples tribal support with small amounts of federal funding to
provide a quality education for all Native American students through the
employment of five full-time tutors split between the elementary, middle and
high schools. Two co-directors, including a member of the tribe, direct the
education program.

"I always thank the tribal council for what they do," Nelson said. "Their
disbursement to us and how we use it is definitely in the best interest of the
future."

Story continues below video

Tribal Manager Mary Belcher said continuing to provide this support remains
important to the futures of Native American children and the tribe.

"Our young people are very important," said Tribal Manager Mary Belcher. "We
cover six counties, as far as our membership area, and the children go to
smaller schools. Getting in there to cover some of the support needs of those
students is so important."

Northwestern Michigan College and the Charlevoix Montessori Academy for the Arts
also received allocations -- $20,000 and $5,000, respectively -- for Native
American-related education initiatives.

Antrim, Benzie, Charlevoix and Leelanau counties each received funding --
$12,775; $19,162.50; $12,775 and $63,875, respectively -- to go toward prisoner
housing contracts.

Lt. Todd Roush, Leelanau County's jail administrator, said the county's contract
reserves 10 jail beds for tribal police prisoners. The funding continues an
agreement in effect since 2004, he said.

Decisions regarding the second round of 2 percent allocations will be made in
December, the release states.

The tribe has allocated $34,693,305.98 to a slew of local entities since the 2
percent allocation began in 1994, according to the release.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160826-ZK-Tribal-allocations-focus-on-education-0826-20160826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle

                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Prithviraj scheme on way for regularization

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 728 words


JAIPUR: The state government on Monday offered a major relief to the 3 lakh
residents of Prithviraj Nagar, revising the regularization plan for the colony,
which included reduction of development and allotment charges.

Acting on a high court directive, the Ashok Gehlot government too had launched
an initiative to regularize and develop the colony, which was stalled due to the
high developmental charges that the residents strongly objected to. The revised
plan is expected to ease the way for regularization of the colony, which has
been the demand for over two decades now. After being voted to power in December
2013, Vasundhara Raje had promised a time-bound regularization plan for
Prithviraj Nagar. "The cabinet decision on the regularization and allocation of
11,181 sq feet land at Prithviraj Nagar would benefit 3 lakh people living in
the area," said parliamentary affairs minister Rajendra Rathore, addressing
media persons after the meeting.

The cabinet also gave its nod to lift the ban on granting mining leases in the
tribal belt. "This is a step taken to relieve some 75,000 to 1 lakh tribal
families,'' said Rajendra Rathore. In January 2008, the BJP government had
lifted the ban which was imposed by Ashok Gehlot government in 2000. "The
previous government imposed a ban again in 2009 after they came to power in
December 2008, which is now being lifted,'' said Rathore.

He added that tribal families and locals would be given preference during
allotment of leases. "A six-member sub-cabinet committee has also been formed
which would submit its report to the chief minister in 20 days on how to go
about the allotments,'' said Rathore.

The cabinet also reduced the probationary period of two years to one year for
employees on higher cadres such as medical education and in universities. "It
had been a long standing demand from experienced personnel on higher cadres for
a reduction in the probation period since they need not gain experience. Hence
professors, assistant professors and similar professionals to be recruited in
future will be on probation for only a year now,'' Rathore explained.

The state government also decided to grant 20% increased pension to the family
upon the death of a govt employee. "So far, 30% was the benefit given to the
family of the deceased employee but now on they will get a 50% pension up to the
age of 66 years instead 65 years,'' Rathore said.

The cabinet also slashed the royalty rates on major minerals such as marble,
sandstone and granites by Rs 20 from the existing rates. "Sandstone royalty have
been reduced to Rs 240 per tonne from the existing Rs 265 per tonne whereas
royalty rate on Makrana marble slab and tile have been reduced by Rs 20 a tonne
from the prevalent Rs 380. Marble blocks in other areas would now on incur a
royalty of Rs 430 whereas granite boxes will be charged Rs 215,'' he said.

The cabinet also announced a budget of Rs 30 crore in the current financial year
for increased facilities and super-specialities for RNT Medical college and
hospital in Udaipur. Also, money has been allocated for a 200-capacity tribal
girls hostel at Government Meera girls college in Udaipur. "The historical Ayad
river will get a facelift as the government has decided to sanction Rs 180 crore
for the renovation and cleaning of the river," said Rathore, adding that
adventure tourism in Udaipur and Jaisamand will be promoted on PPP mode said
Rathore.

Other cabinet decisions

- Recruitment of retired personnel for selected categories on pay minus pension
and consolidated payment basis

- Model and uniform act for construction of buildings in urban areas

-Amendment in few sections of CrPC and Excise Act 1950 to increase penalty

- Golf Cart Safari at Kumbhalgarh fort in Rajsamand

- Five mini banks and five mini super markets each in Udaipur, Rajsamand,
Banswara, Dungarpur, Chittorgarh, Pratapgarh

- Milk parlours and milk coolers to boost milk production in Udaipur division

- Rs 189 crore sanctioned for medical college in Dungarpur

- Five soil testing labs in Udaipur

- Telescope and sunset point at Kumbhalgarh fort and Haldighati

- Free electricity connection for 10,000 families of Sehariya and tribal
families in Udaipur division

- Five new 132 KV GSS in Udaipur division

- Electricity connections for approximately 1 lakh BPL and 85,000 APL families
in the division

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Plan to Reshape Indian Education Stirs Opposition

BYLINE: Lesli A. Maxwell, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1662 words


June 12--An effort by the Obama administration to overhaul the troubled federal
agency that is responsible for the education of tens of thousands of American
Indian children is getting major pushback from some tribal leaders and
educators, who see the plan as an infringement on their sovereignty and a
one-size-fits-all approach that will fail to improve student achievement in
Indian Country.

As Barack Obama makes his first visit to Indian Country as president this week,
the federal Bureau of Indian Education--which directly operates 57 schools for
Native Americans and oversees 126 others run by tribes under contract with the
agency--is moving ahead with plans to remake itself into an entity akin to a
state department of education that would focus on improving services for
tribally operated schools.

A revamped BIE, as envisioned in the proposal, would eventually give up direct
operations of schools and push for a menu of education reforms that is
strikingly similar to some championed in initiatives such as Race to the Top,
including competitive-grant funding to entice tribal schools to adopt
teacher-evaluation systems that are linked to student performance.

The proposed reorganization of the BIE comes after years of scathing reports
from watchdog groups, including the U.S. Government Accountability Office, and
chronic complaints from tribal educators about the agency's financial and
academic mismanagement and failure to advocate more effectively for the needs of
schools that serve Native American students. It also comes a year after U.S.
Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell called the federally funded Indian
education system "an embarrassment." The BIE is overseen by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs, which is housed within the U.S. Interior Department.

Pushback From Tribes

The proposal, released in April, was drafted by a seven-person "study group"
appointed jointly by Ms. Jewell and U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.
Five of the panel's members currently serve in the Obama administration.

Some of the nation's largest tribes, however, are staunchly opposed to the
proposal, including the 16 tribes that make up the Great Plains Tribal Chairmans
Association, which represents tribal leaders in South Dakota, North Dakota, and
Nebraska.

"It's time for us to decide what our children will learn and how they will learn
it because [BIE] has been a failure so far," Bryan V. Brewer, the chairman of
the 40,000-member Oglala Sioux tribe in Pine Ridge, S.D., said last month in a
congressional hearing on the BIE.

In the same hearing before the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, Charles
M. Roessel, the director of the BIE and a member of the panel that drafted the
plan, said the agency's reorganization "would allow the BIE to achieve improved
results in the form of higher student scores, improved school operations, and
increased tribal control over schools." (Despite multiple requests from
Education Week, the BIE did not make Mr. Roessel or any other agency official
available for an interview.)

Visit to Standing Rock

President Obama will visit the Standing Rock Sioux reservation on June 13 in
Cannon Ball, N.D., and expectations are high that he will announce a major
education initiative for tribal schools, which are some of the lowest-performing
in the nation. In an op-ed article published last week in Indian Country Today,
the president signaled two areas in dire need of federal attention in tribal
communities: education and economic development.

Indeed, the achievement picture for American Indian and Alaska Native children
is grim. According to federal data, the four-year graduation rate for American
Indian and Alaska Native students in 2011-12 was 67 percent, lagging behind all
other major student groups except for English-language learners. BIE students,
compared to their Native American peers in regular public schools, also scored
lower on the 2011 National Assessment of Educational Progress, or NAEP, reading
and math tests in 4th grade.

While roughly 90 percent of Native American children attend regular public
schools, both on and off reservations, more than 48,000 are enrolled in the BIE
system, which includes tribally run schools that are supposed to have autonomy
over their operations but rely almost 100 percent on federal funding that flows
through the bureau.

Over the years, BIE-operated and -funded schools have faced daunting challenges
not unlike those in some of the poorest urban school districts: difficulty
recruiting and retaining teachers and school leaders, funding shortfalls, and
dilapidated school facilities, to name a few. Mr. Roessel told senators last
month that in the current fiscal year, the agency is able to fund just 67
percent of the operational costs needed by the tribally controlled schools it
oversees.

Tense History

Tribal educators have complained for years that the agency has not respected
tribes' sovereignty over the schools they run, as spelled out in the Tribally
Controlled Schools Act, and has imposed policies that have restricted a major
priority for tribes: providing Native language and culture classes.

That history, said one tribal educator, makes the new BIE plan for overhauling
itself highly suspect among tribes.

"How we see this plan is simple. The bureau is asking for more money and more
staff to continue doing nothing," said Christopher G. Bordeaux, the executive
director of the Oceti Sakowin Education Consortium, a group of tribal schools on
the Pine Ridge reservation and other reservations in South Dakota. "For years,
we've asked the bureau for help, but we never get it. We figure out how to do
this stuff on our own. The bureau really has no idea what tribal schools are all
about, and they've not taken the time to ever listen and learn how to help us,
and then they turn around and point to us and say the schools are failing."

'Agile Organization'

Under the reorganization plan, the BIE would evolve into an "agile organization"
that would focus on supporting school improvement efforts in tribal communities
by funding and providing professional development to tribal educators; scaling
up recruitment and retention programs to attract talented teachers and school
leaders to the often-remote schools; and building and upgrading school
facilities, including grossly outdated technology infrastructures in many
schools. The plan also calls for developing a single accountability system for
BIE schools. Currently, federal law requires BIE schools to adhere to the
accountability systems of the 23 states in which they are located, making
meaningful comparisons impossible.

The study group's proposal looks to another set of schools that are also
federally run--those operated by the U.S. Department of Defense for the children
of active military personnel--as a model for BIE to emulate on how to improve
school facilities and student achievement.

The plan also argues that the Tribally Controlled Schools Act "should be made
more conducive to reform" so that the BIE can attach conditions to the schools
that it funds. For example, the plan calls for requiring the schools that it
funds to adopt performance-based evaluation systems that include student
achievement results and policies that make it easier to remove underperforming
employees. It recommends that BIE launch a pilot of performance-based
evaluations this fall in some of the schools it directly operates and expand
those into tribally controlled schools in the near future.

To do that, however, the study group said BIE would need funding from Congress
that could be used to provide incentives for tribal schools to adopt such
reforms. The group recommended that the Interior Department "consider adapting
the successful, competitive grants currently being used by the U.S. Department
of Education as models" that would help tribes "align tribal educational
priorities to President Obama's education reform agenda to improve student
outcomes and ensure all BIE students are college and career ready."

Looming Court Battle?

Only tribes that operate three or more schools should be eligible for such
grants, the study group said.

Any attempts to get around the Tribally Controlled Schools Act would spark major
pushback from tribes, said Mr. Bordeaux, who lives on the Pine Ridge reservation
and is an elected member of the board of directors for the Washington-based
National Indian Education Association.

"Under the law, the BIE does not have this kind of authority over our tribal
schools," he said. "If they continue to do this, the only course we'll have left
is to go to court and file a lawsuit."

What happens next with the BIE's proposal is not yet clear. Tribal communities
had until June 2 to submit comments on the draft, which will eventually be
submitted to Ms. Jewell and Mr. Duncan for their review.

But at last month's Senate hearing focusing on the BIE's proposal, Mr. Roessel,
the BIE director, assured the panel that the agency wants to improve and is
already taking steps to do so.

"We will not build a bigger bureaucracy," he said. "We will not infringe on
sovereignty, and we will not continue to fail."

While U.S. Sen. Jon Tester, D-Montana, who is the chairman of the Senate
committee on Indian Affairs, expressed support for BIE's improvement efforts, he
was also skeptical about the agency's capacity to follow through. He pointed to
Mr. Roessel's inability to provide answers on how many teacher vacancies are in
BIE schools or how many rely on housing provided by tribes.

He said that the Interior Department didn't provide the committee's staff with
basic information on BIE schools in time for the hearing, despite a request to
do so 30 days in advance.

"It almost appears that we've got a systemic problem here," Sen. Tester said.
"We don't have lists on school construction needs, teachers that are not there,
very basic stuff."

___ (c)2014 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140612-1ED-Plan-to-Reshape-Indian-Education-Stirs-Opposition-0612-20140612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2014 Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 13, 1999 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Tribal college grad conquers adversity to teach

BYLINE: JODI RAVE Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1305 words


Allan Demaray Jr. is a young man aspiring to influence the youth of an old
nation.

"I love my people so much. I'll do whatever I can do for them," said the recent
tribal college graduate, a member of North Dakota's Three Affiliated Tribes.

In May, Demaray, 23, earned a bachelor's degree in elementary education from the
University of North Dakota via classes he took at Fort Berthold Community
College in New Town, N.D. This fall, he begins teaching third- and
fourth-graders in Twin Buttes, a rural grade school on the Fort Berthold
Reservation.

The young Mandan-Hidatsa teacher embodies a number of significant new trends
among Native American students.

Last year, for example, 88 bachelor's degrees were awarded at twoyear tribal
colleges. Many of these colleges now partner with four-year universities to help
tribal members earn undergraduate and graduate degrees without leaving their
reservations.

The young man is also one of many Indian students now attending native-run
schools in record-breaking numbers. Specifically, he was one of an estimated
26,500 native students who attended 31 tribal colleges this year.

Finally, Demaray is among the increasing number of Indian youths choosing to
attend a tribal college right after high school. The reason: Tribal colleges now
offer more and better programs, a solid faculty and community support system and
the opportunity to get a four-year degree.

And it doesn't hurt that about 90 percent of all tribal college graduates find
jobs, compared to only 10 percent who attend off-reservation schools, according
to the American Indian College Fund. Demaray graduated summa cum laude in a
class that included 15 first-time bachelor's-degree graduates. Besides earning
academic honors, he also has earned praise as a superb role model from the Fort
Berthold Reservation community.

"He's very respectful to elders," said Cory Spotted Bear, one of Demaray's best
friends. The young teacher has a number of character and personality traits
Spotted Bear said he admires. "I try to associate myself with people I can learn
from."

Demaray is noted for his fun-loving, good-natured manner and his traditional
ways, said Kerry Hartman, a Fort Berthold Community College faculty member.
"He's crazy with kids."

The newly minted college graduate hasn't always been so fortunate. Although he
no longer drinks, alcohol once played a role in his life. He eventually overcame
the addiction by drawing strength from tribal culture and tradition. He's the
kind of young man who's always trying to learn more about traditional ways, said
Clarice Big Back Baker, a Fort Berthold Community College faculty member. "He
lives his culture and spirituality. It's connected to everything he does."

Demaray, she said, has strongly influenced her own son. The 5-foot-7-inch
graduate, whose thick, black braid hangs to the small of his back, formerly
worked as a student teacher at a reservation elementary school. His job put him
in contact with dozens of native youth like Star Big Back Baker. The boy's
mother recently recalled a conversation with her 11-year-old son. One day he
asked her: "'Mom, what's the purpose of life?' About two days later he asked me
again," she said. More questions followed: "Why are we here? What should we be
doing?"

As she contemplated the boy's questions, she felt pride, wonder and a sense of
beauty. She tried to help him understand, telling him that as a young native
person he would have the opportunity to pray, fast and participate in vision
quests and Sun Dances. One day his native traditions would help him find the
answers.

Satisfied, Star replied: "That's what Mr. Demaray told us."

Tribal traditions have helped Demaray find many of his own questions. For the
past four years he has participated in the traditional Sun Dance. Participants
go without food and water during the four-day ceremony while praying for the
well-being of others.

Said Demaray: "For two years I didn't know what I wanted to do. I think it was
assigned from God to be a teacher."

He believes the tribe's future rests with young people. As he works with them,
he also is looking forward to starting his own family. He and fiance Twyla Baker
are planning to marry next June.

Meanwhile, he is content being a role model. He's willing to help youth
understand their roles as they become men and woman. He wants them to believe in
a future where drugs and alcohol have no place.

"You have to be willing to sacrifice," he said. "I think I'm on a good road. And
I know the spirits are helping me."

That wasn't always the case.

"He had a bad life," said his father, Allen "Tommy" Demaray Sr. Although the
boy's parents separated when he was a child, all three family members ended up
drinking together at one point.

That scene ended when the father moved back to the Fort Berthold Reservation.
There he relied on prayers and traditional sweat lodges and the sacred pipe to
help him throw away the alcohol. When he quit, so did his son.

"We both walked through the road of healing together," said the father. "It made
us strong as a son and father."

UNMET NEEDS OF TRIBAL SCHOOLS STILL LOOM LARGE

Ten years ago, tribal educators formed the American Indian College Fund to raise
support, scholarships and public awareness for native students.

"Our biggest challenge is to tell Americans these miraculous institutions
exist," said David Cournoyer, a spokesman for the Denver-based American Indian
College Fund.

The fund, the nonprofit moneyraising vehicle for 31 U.S. tribal colleges, gets
support from foundations, corporations and 90,000 individual donors. Since its
founding in 1989, the organization has raised more than $35 million.

"They are one of our best projects," said Valerie Johnson, program director for
the Kellogg Foundation's Native American Higher Education Initiative in Battle
Creek, Mich.

When the foundation challenged fund leaders to match a $500,000 grant, both
sides were doubtful it could be done in four years, said Johnson. But,
determined tribal leaders rose to the challenge.

They matched it in 102 days.

But the money is a pittance compared to the unmet needs still facing tribal
colleges, said Rick Williams, a Crawford native who is executive director of the
American Indian College Fund. The schools struggle to meet the needs of
skyrocketing enrollment, which increased from 10,000 to 26,500 the last decade.
"These are institutions that are really communitydriven, grassroots operations
that have grown up from nothing," said Williams.

Most of the colleges operate on or near isolated, impoverished reservations from
Arizona and North Dakota to California and Michigan, the majority concentrated
in the Northern Plains. Students from 250 tribes study native culture while
working toward undergraduate and graduate degrees.

The American Indian College Fund has made large strides since the early
fundraising days. Its first distribution awarded $800 per school. In 1998 the
fund distributed $3 million, amounting to $100,00 in scholarship money for each
school. An additional $1 million was shared among the colleges for endowments,
cultural preservation and teacher training.

One of the most important issues facing tribal colleges is the need for teacher
preparation programs, said Cornel Pewewardy, a multicultural education professor
at the University of Kansas.

He pointed to tribal colleges such as Kansas' Haskell Indian Nations and South
Dakota's Sinte Gleska University as forerunners of teacher preparation. "Many
would like to do that, but many don't have the resources."

Pewewardy said it was critical to put more native teachers in front of native
students because they need someone with whom they can identify.

"Psychologically," he said, "if you have someone in your classroom who looks
like you, you have the classic example of a role model, someone who will help
you be successful."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo 1 - Eagle feather: Allan Demaray Jr. wears an eagle feather given
to him as a symbol of honor for graduating from Fort Berthold Community College
in New Town, N.D. The summa cum laude graduate was among 15 first-time
candidates to receive a bachelor's degree from the University of North Dakota
via a visiting faculty partnership with the tribal college. photo 2 - College
fund: This American Indian College Fund advertisement was created to allow
tribal college students, 85 percent of whom live in poverty, to tell of their
need for financial aid. Sunny Walker, a student at North Dakota's Sitting Bull
College, is a fancy shawl dancer. photo 1 - b/w photo of student at graduation,
KEN BLACKBIRD/ Billings Gazette, digital - local news catalog photo 2 - b/w
photo of Indian dancer, digital - local news catalog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Deputy Attorney General Cole Delivers Remarks on the White House
Task Force Protecting Students from Sexual Assault

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Washington


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

It's an honor to be a part of this unprecedented effort to address campus sexual
assault.  In January, when President Obama, with the help of Vice President
Biden, established the "White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual
Assault," the Department of Justice enthusiastically joined the effort.  As the
parent of a daughter who graduated from college just a few years ago, I
understand the importance of ensuring that campuses are safe and welcoming
learning environments.

As we just heard from Tina [Tchen], the statistics about campus sexual violence
make clear that the problem is urgent and the consequences can be devastating.
This is not just an education issue, it is also a criminal justice issue.

We know the majority of rapes are committed by a small number of perpetrators,
and we know that both schools and law enforcement struggle to investigate and
adjudicate these crimes.  Sadly, we never even hear about most campus sexual
assaults because victims are often afraid to come forward, fear retaliation, or
blame themselves for what happened.  Only 2% of college students who suffer
sexual assault while incapacitated, and only 13% of other college students who
are rape survivors, report the crime.

The Department of Justice is devoting significant resources to address the
problem and build on our work in this area over the last two decades. This year,
our Office on Violence Against Women - also known as OVW - will award nearly
$400 million more in grants to provide states, tribal governments, educational
institutions, and victim service providers with resources to address sexual
assault and domestic violence.

OVW also is launching a multi-year initiative to evaluate prevention programs,
victim services, and campus law enforcement training to ensure that victims are
treated in a manner that is sensitive to what they have been through.  This is a
critical part of encouraging a victim to come forward and report an assault so
we can hope to stop the next one before it happens.  In addition, OVW is
developing an online resource hub to share best practices with campuses across
the country.

This is truly a Department-wide initiative, and OVW is joined by a variety of
Justice Department components working together to provide training, technical
assistance, and information-sharing.  Because campus sexual assault can be a
form of discrimination based on sex, and a violation of a student's civil
rights, the Department's Civil Rights Division is addressing sexual assault by
vigorously enforcing civil rights laws.  Along with other components in the
Department, it is partnering with the Departments of Education and Health and
Human Services to provide guidance to schools in designing the best policies and
practices to protect students' civil rights.

Together, with members of the Task Force, the Department is working to prevent
violence and support survivors by increasing public awareness.  Earlier this
month, I participated, along with fellow administration colleagues, in a
nationwide university tour to raise awareness of campus sexual assault and to
join with the schools in this effort.  Learning first-hand from universities
administrators, their students, their campus law enforcement, and their support
networks, only served to solidify the need for an urgent, bold, and
comprehensive response.

And while the federal government has an important role to play, we recognize
that the government cannot solve the problem alone.  To succeed, we must not
only capitalize on the expertise of, but also provide training and support to
local law enforcement agencies, prosecutors' offices, the courts, and victim
services providers so they can effectively participate in the effort to combat
to sexual assault.

It will be no small feat, but we ultimately must change the culture on campuses
and in communities, so that everyone understands that sexual assault is never
acceptable.

And to truly make the most of the national spotlight cast by the President and
the Vice President, we must do more than raise awareness.  We must transform
awareness and advocacy into action, and this Task Force and the Department of
Justice have begun to do just that.  We have no choice but to commit ourselves
to strengthening programs and services to protect students from incidents of
sexual assault -- not just for the students enrolled today -- but for students
in future generations as well.   The Attorney General and I are extremely proud
of the fact that the Department Justice is a part of this critical work.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Pakistan: Education Expo by Jang Media Group draws crowds

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, May 23 -- Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that
socio-economic development was not possible without the restoration of peace in
the country, particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education. He said such activities would help the students to
attain knowledge.

Earlier, the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education
Expo-2015.He also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading
universities and academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave
away souvenirs to the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

Pakistan: Jang Media Group Education Expo draws crowds

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, May 21 -- Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that
socio-economic development was not possible without the restoration of peace in
the country, particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education.

He said such activities would help the students to attain knowledge. Earlier,
the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education Expo-2015.He
also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading universities and
academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave away souvenirs to
the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

Pakistan: Education Expo by Jang Media Group draws crowds

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, May 21 -- Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that
socio-economic development was not possible without the restoration of peace in
the country, particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education. He said such activities would help the students to
attain knowledge.

Earlier, the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education
Expo-2015.He also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading
universities and academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave
away souvenirs to the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            November 27, 2006 Monday

Tribe to pay despite losses

BYLINE: DAVIS Joanna

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 304 words


Ngai Tahu will not make cutbacks to whanau members' cultural and education
grants despite a difficult financial year, its chairman said yesterday.

Kaiwhakahaere Mark Solomon was commenting after the tribe's annual meeting held
at Moeraki at the weekend, which came days after chief executive Tahu Potiki
quit and an annual report showed its business arm made a net loss for the year
of $10.9 million.

Solomon said the tribe would instead focus on reducing administrative overheads.

He also expected the fishing industry would pick up after a challenging year.
"The last financial year we had a very poor time in the fishing industry with
high fuel costs and a high foreign exchange."

Solomon said that had already improved in the first quarter of the new financial
year.

Wally Stone, chairman of the Ngai Tahu Holdings Corporation and the new group
board of Te Runanga o Ngai Tahu (Tront) which manages the iwi's $500m of assets,
said the first-quarter profit was greater than the combined profits of the last
two years.

Stone said the organisation had benefited from the establishment of the group
board as it clearly separated the operational arms of the business from tribal
politics.

Solomon said it was the role of Ngai Tahu to distribute the benefits of its
asset base to its 40,000 registered members, more than half of whom live outside
its tribal area.

Initiatives introduced in the past year included a long-term savings scheme, in
which member contributions were matched up to a certain amount and members were
paid a dividend.

Savings could later be used for tertiary education, a first- home deposit or in
retirement. A Ngai Tahu cultural fund was introduced to encourage members to
keep alive cultural traditions, Solomon said.

A Ngai Tahu committee will meet on December 5 to begin the search for a new
chief executive.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Arkansas: Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to Build
Community Prosperity

LENGTH: 1234  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

The Obama Administration announced today eight additional Promise Zones across
the country, including six cities, one rural area, and one tribal community.
Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal government partners
with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational
opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public
health and address other priorities identified by the community. Through the
Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with federal,
state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve the
quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

Camden, New Jersey
    Hartford, Connecticut
    Indianapolis, Indiana
    Minneapolis, Minnesota
    Sacramento, California
    St. Louis/St. Louis County, Missouri
    Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South Dakota
    South Carolina Low Country

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro. "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children. We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century. When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones. Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S. Department
of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for National
and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani Coloretti,
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford and HUD
Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA. To
highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and South
Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media calls
for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people. The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.
    In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners. Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone. Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options. The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.
    In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training
for youth who have been involved with the justice system. Promise Zone partners
are creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure
for sustainable food production. Drexel University is leading a collaborative
effort to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high
quality child care and improve school performance. Security cameras were
installed at a high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take
advantage of subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors.
Specific plans are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid
displacement of long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.
    In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding
from the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for
a rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.
    In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration. HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative. This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 24, 2010 Tuesday
                                  Mich Edition

More than luck

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 352 words


The St. Joseph County Bridges out of Poverty initiative operates on the certain
knowledge that it takes more than a second chance - or a piece of luck - to
break the grip of poverty. It takes skills, knowledge and a plan.

The Pokagon Fund seems to understand the role of luck just as well. Its pledge
of $240,000 to Bridges Out of Poverty, to be paid over two years, will change
the lives of many people. It will teach them the skills they need to move ahead
in life, under their own power.

Bridges out of Poverty is the cohesive effort of many charities and agencies.
They unite to provide the framework needed to lift people from poverty to
self-sustainability.

This initiative has aided hundreds of St. Joseph County residents to prepare for
employment, develop financial literacy and build supportive social networks -
all essential ingredients for self-sufficiency. More than 250 people have
graduated from Bridges' Getting Ahead classes.

Besides teaching impoverished people to make it on their own, Bridges teaches
those who help the needy to understand the components and pitfalls of poverty.
That understanding can aid, for example, a guidance counselor at Ivy Tech
Community College to better appreciate the choices a struggling student might
make.

This very generous donation comes from revenue of the Four Winds Casino Resort,
located near New Buffalo and operated by the Pokagon Band of the Potawatomi
Indians. The Pokagons set aside 1 percent of electronic gambling revenue and
have given more than $5,800,000 in grants in the New Buffalo area. St. Joseph
County in Indiana might seem a bit far afield, but it qualifies as an area where
there is a tribal land consolidation site.

As many thousands can attest, a few hours at a casino can be a fun diversion.
It's a form of entertainment - a break from the routine for those who can afford
it.

But one thing gambling isn't? It isn't the answer to needy people's financial
problems. As Bridges Out of Poverty reaches more people because of the Pokagons'
gift, that is one of the lessons to be imparted. And it is one reason this gift
is especially well-placed.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to
Build Community Prosperity

LENGTH: 1234  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

The Obama Administration announced today eight additional Promise Zones across
the country, including six cities, one rural area, and one tribal community.
Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal government partners
with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational
opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public
health and address other priorities identified by the community. Through the
Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with federal,
state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve the
quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

Camden, New Jersey
    Hartford, Connecticut
    Indianapolis, Indiana
    Minneapolis, Minnesota
    Sacramento, California
    St. Louis/St. Louis County, Missouri
    Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South Dakota
    South Carolina Low Country

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro. "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children. We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century. When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones. Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S. Department
of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for National
and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani Coloretti,
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford and HUD
Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA. To
highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and South
Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media calls
for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people. The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.
    In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners. Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone. Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options. The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.
    In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training
for youth who have been involved with the justice system. Promise Zone partners
are creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure
for sustainable food production. Drexel University is leading a collaborative
effort to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high
quality child care and improve school performance. Security cameras were
installed at a high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take
advantage of subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors.
Specific plans are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid
displacement of long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.
    In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding
from the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for
a rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.
    In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration. HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative. This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to
Build Community Prosperity

LENGTH: 1234  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

The Obama Administration announced today eight additional Promise Zones across
the country, including six cities, one rural area, and one tribal community.
Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal government partners
with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational
opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public
health and address other priorities identified by the community. Through the
Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with federal,
state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve the
quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

Camden, New Jersey
    Hartford, Connecticut
    Indianapolis, Indiana
    Minneapolis, Minnesota
    Sacramento, California
    St. Louis/St. Louis County, Missouri
    Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South Dakota
    South Carolina Low Country

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro. "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children. We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century. When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones. Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S. Department
of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for National
and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani Coloretti,
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford and HUD
Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA. To
highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and South
Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media calls
for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people. The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.
    In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners. Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone. Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options. The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.
    In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training
for youth who have been involved with the justice system. Promise Zone partners
are creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure
for sustainable food production. Drexel University is leading a collaborative
effort to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high
quality child care and improve school performance. Security cameras were
installed at a high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take
advantage of subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors.
Specific plans are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid
displacement of long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.
    In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding
from the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for
a rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.
    In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration. HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative. This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Maharashtra's adivasi childrenon a first-time Goa tour

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 386 words


Panaji: Batting her eyelids, eight-year -old Chakshu Jumnake poses for the
camera like a pro. Her companion Nikita Shadmek hops about photo-bombing the
picture. When asked what they're expecting to see on their first visit to Goa,
they instantly say, "We cannot wait to see the beach."

The girls are a part of the group of 65 adivasi children from the remote
Bairagad and Amravati villages of Maharashtra who have been invited to visit Goa
from April 30 to May 2 by NGO, Anam Prem. They are accompanied by five volunteer
guardians.

Due to the NGO's initiative, these children are being taken on a sight-seeing
tour sponsored by the department of sports and youth affairs, government of Goa.

Welcoming them to Goa, executive director, SAG, VM Prabhudesai said, "Issues of
drugs and prostitution are rampant in the state and everyone talks about that.
Not many speak about the positive things that we organize. Anam Prem's
initiative is worthy of appreciation and we are willing to assist them in such
activities."

Under their tribal sports scholarship scheme, Prabhudessai has provided the NGO
with two buses, 140 t-shirts (two per person), 70 caps, 20 chess boards, 65
vessels and refreshments for the children.

"These children are unaware about the developments of society and technology.
But, they are much more developed in terms of interpersonal relations compared
to children of the general population," opines member Anam Prem, Satish Sonak.

The children are affiliated to Shri Gurudatta Vidya Mandir, Nagpur, and will be
staying at Azad Bhavan, Porvorim. These children speak in a different dialect of
Marathi and some speak in their indigenous Gondi language. However, most of them
are good at Hindi too.

"The life of adivasi kids is quiet different," says hostel warden, Shri
Gurudatta Vidya Mandir, Sonal Manohar, in Datta Vidhyamandir, Bhuttibori,
Nagpur, "They are accustomed to a very primitive set of values and have a very
simple approach towards life. Due to their leisurely lifestyle, in school too,
they are very slow in picking up information."

Their tour includes a visit to the Goa Science centre, Miramar, Fort Aguada and
INS Hansa Musem, Dabolim, a cruise ride sponsored by the GTDC, a magic show at
Institute Menezes Braganza and an art workshop by Harshada Kerkar.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Obama Administration Announces Eight Additional Promise Zones to Build
Community Prosperity

LENGTH: 1238  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 28, 2015 - The Obama Administration announced today eight
additional Promise Zones across the country, including six cities, one rural
area, and one tribal community. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where
the federal government partners with local leaders to increase economic
activity, improve educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce
violent crime, enhance public health and address other priorities identified by
the community. Through the Promise Zone designation, these communities will work
directly with federal, state and local agencies to give local leaders proven
tools to improve the quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable
areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

Camden, New Jersey
    Hartford, Connecticut
    Indianapolis, Indiana
    Minneapolis, Minnesota
    Sacramento, California
    St. Louis/St. Louis County, Missouri
    Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South Dakota
    South Carolina Low Country

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro. "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children. We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century. When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones. Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S. Department
of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for National
and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani Coloretti,
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford and HUD
Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA. To
highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and South
Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media calls
for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people. The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.
    In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners. Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone. Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options. The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.
    In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training
for youth who have been involved with the justice system. Promise Zone partners
are creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure
for sustainable food production. Drexel University is leading a collaborative
effort to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high
quality child care and improve school performance. Security cameras were
installed at a high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take
advantage of subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors.
Specific plans are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid
displacement of long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.
    In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding
from the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for
a rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.
    In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration. HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative. This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Hawaii: Deputy Attorney General Cole Delivers Remarks on the White House Task
Force Protecting Students from Sexual Assault

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Good afternoon.  It's an honor to be a part of this unprecedented effort to
address campus sexual assault.  In January, when President Obama, with the help
of Vice President Biden, established the "White House Task Force to Protect
Students from Sexual Assault," the Department of Justice enthusiastically joined
the effort.  As the parent of a daughter who graduated from college just a few
years ago, I understand the importance of ensuring that campuses are safe and
welcoming learning environments.

As we just heard from Tina [Tchen], the statistics about campus sexual violence
make clear that the problem is urgent and the consequences can be devastating.
This is not just an education issue, it is also a criminal justice issue.

We know the majority of rapes are committed by a small number of perpetrators,
and we know that both schools and law enforcement struggle to investigate and
adjudicate these crimes.  Sadly, we never even hear about most campus sexual
assaults because victims are often afraid to come forward, fear retaliation, or
blame themselves for what happened.  Only 2% of college students who suffer
sexual assault while incapacitated, and only 13% of other college students who
are rape survivors, report the crime.

The Department of Justice is devoting significant resources to address the
problem and build on our work in this area over the last two decades. This year,
our Office on Violence Against Women - also known as OVW - will award nearly
$400 million more in grants to provide states, tribal governments, educational
institutions, and victim service providers with resources to address sexual
assault and domestic violence.

OVW also is launching a multi-year initiative to evaluate prevention programs,
victim services, and campus law enforcement training to ensure that victims are
treated in a manner that is sensitive to what they have been through.  This is a
critical part of encouraging a victim to come forward and report an assault so
we can hope to stop the next one before it happens.  In addition, OVW is
developing an online resource hub to share best practices with campuses across
the country.

This is truly a Department-wide initiative, and OVW is joined by a variety of
Justice Department components working together to provide training, technical
assistance, and information-sharing.  Because campus sexual assault can be a
form of discrimination based on sex, and a violation of a student's civil
rights, the Department's Civil Rights Division is addressing sexual assault by
vigorously enforcing civil rights laws.  Along with other components in the
Department, it is partnering with the Departments of Education and Health and
Human Services to provide guidance to schools in designing the best policies and
practices to protect students' civil rights.

Together, with members of the Task Force, the Department is working to prevent
violence and support survivors by increasing public awareness.  Earlier this
month, I participated, along with fellow administration colleagues, in a
nationwide university tour to raise awareness of campus sexual assault and to
join with the schools in this effort.  Learning first-hand from universities
administrators, their students, their campus law enforcement, and their support
networks, only served to solidify the need for an urgent, bold, and
comprehensive response.

And while the federal government has an important role to play, we recognize
that the government cannot solve the problem alone.  To succeed, we must not
only capitalize on the expertise of, but also provide training and support to
local law enforcement agencies, prosecutors' offices, the courts, and victim
services providers so they can effectively participate in the effort to combat
to sexual assault.

It will be no small feat, but we ultimately must change the culture on campuses
and in communities, so that everyone understands that sexual assault is never
acceptable.

And to truly make the most of the national spotlight cast by the President and
the Vice President, we must do more than raise awareness.  We must transform
awareness and advocacy into action, and this Task Force and the Department of
Justice have begun to do just that.  We have no choice but to commit ourselves
to strengthening programs and services to protect students from incidents of
sexual assault -- not just for the students enrolled today -- but for students
in future generations as well.   The Attorney General and I are extremely proud
of the fact that the Department Justice is a part of this critical work.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                January 14, 2015

In Effort to Fix Tribal Schools, Feds Face Doubts;
History of failed policies hard to overcome for some tribes

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 34 No. 17

LENGTH: 1336  words


An Obama administration proposal to turn more control of Bureau of Indian
Education schools over to tribes is facing resistance in some corners of Indian
Country, even among those who could benefit from the plans.

Even as the White House has released reports that offer a stark appraisal of
past failures in federal education policy for Native Americans, some tribal
leaders are rebuffing offers of aid and pledges of new supports for Indian
education from the federal government.

The Oglala Sioux tribe of Pine Ridge, S.D., is turning down $200,000, its share
of $2.5 million in grants to be awarded to entice tribes to take more control
over educating their children. It was among six tribes that the U.S. Department
of the Interior&#x2014;the federal agency that oversees the Bureau of Indian
Education&#x2014;announced in November had been selected to receive "Sovereignty
in Indian Education" enhancement funds.

Part of the administration's push to improve the quality of education provided
by the BIE, that money is dedicated to helping transform the bureau into a
"school improvement organization" that assists tribally controlled schools
rather than operating them.

BIE schools are some of the lowest-performing in the country, and the
reorganization of the bureau comes after years of scathing reports from watchdog
agencies, including the U.S. Government Accountability Office, and complaints
from tribal educators about financial and academic mismanagement.

U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell&#x2014;whose department is
responsible for the 47,000 students enrolled in BIE schools&#x2014;announced the
creation of the competitive grants this past summer. At the time, some tribal
leaders expressed deep concerns about the effort.

Charles "Monty" Roessel, the director of the BIE, understands the distrust. For
too long, the federal government has left tribes out of the discussion about the
education of Native American children, he said, but this new effort puts tribes
in the driver's seat with support from government officials.

"Education has been 'done' to tribes for too long," Mr. Roessel said. "This [
initiative] isn't just dumping schools on the tribe. It's asking, 'What kind of
support do you need?' "

Overcoming Distrust

Despite the acknowledgment from Obama administration officials that the federal
government is largely to blame for the failures in American Indian education,
the long-standing distrust of the BIE will be difficult to overcome, tribal
educators said.

Dayna Brave Eagle, the director of the Oglala Sioux education department, said
tribal leaders initially jumped at the opportunity to apply for the competitive
grant, citing a need to wrest control from the BIE.

"The tribe needed to become more of a vocal player in education, teaching our
students," said Ms. Brave Eagle, who has taught in or led tribal schools for
nearly 30 years.

But the enthusiasm shifted to exasperation among the tribe's elected leaders,
she said.

"Because of our past history with the bureau, it's hard to know what [the
agency's] intent is," Ms. Brave Eagle said.

Oglala Sioux tribal leadership did not respond to Education Week's questions
about why they ultimately decided to refuse the federal aid.

Other tribes see the grant funds as an opportunity to begin to move beyond a
past littered with broken promises.

Matthew Tso, a legislative analyst with the Navajo Nation Department of Dine
Education, said tribal education leaders aim to use the federal money to work on
curriculum alignment, among other efforts, for students in a sprawling network
of districts that encompasses nearly 250 schools.

"The challenge for our leaders is 'Do we stick with the status quo?' " Mr. Tso
said. "We have to do something different to change the future of Navajo Nation."

Ahead of President Barack Obama's appearance at the annual Tribal Nations
Conference in December, a White House report acknowledged "a history of deeply
troubling and destructive federal policies and actions" that has hurt Native
communities, while it warned that progress today "continues to be hindered" by
poor educational infrastructure.

President Obama's appearance came just months after his administration rolled
out the "Blueprint for Reform," its vision for overhauling the BIE, which
directly operates 57 schools for Native American students and oversees more than
120 others run under contract by tribes.

"We're facing a couple hundred years of broken promises with these schools,"
said Donald Yu, the chief school transformation officer in the Office of Indian
Affairs, who is helping to oversee the BIE reorganization.

More than a third of American Indian children live in poverty, and just
two-thirds graduate from high school&#x2014;the lowest of any racial or ethnic
demographic group, according to White House reports.

"Fragmented, balkanized" education systems across Indian Country have not helped
solve the problems, Mr. Yu said.

"Without many urgently needed investments and reforms targeting Native youth in
education and other high-impact areas, Native youth face even greater challenges
in the future," the White House report found.

New Resources, Efforts

In response, the president is expected to unveil a series of new steps to
address challenges faced by Native American youths, inside the classroom and
out.

That will include a new grant program administered by the U.S. Department of
Education to finance programs to improve the college and career readiness of
Native children, and a program launched in partnership with the Aspen Institute
to improve access to leadership-development tools.

The administration will also convene two meetings on the issue: a February
summit on Native leadership, and another gathering later this year expected to
draw hundreds of Native youths to the White House.

Members of President Obama's Cabinet are scheduled to travel in the coming
months to Indian Country for discussions with youths on how federal policies
could be improved.

Mr. Roessel and Mr. Yu are also celebrating the recently approved congressional
spending bill that provides a $40 million funding increase for BIE schools,
including more construction money to repair or replace crumbling schools.

Tribal education departments that have three or more BIE schools on their
reservations were eligible for the sovereignty grants. The six original
recipient tribes are Gila River Indian Community of Sacaton, Ariz.; Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe of Fort Yates, N.D.; Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa,
Belcourt, N.D.; Navajo Nation; Tohono O'Odham Nation; and the Oglala Sioux.

Federal officials said the grant funds will help tribes develop improvement
plans that are tied to goals for improving academic achievement and correcting
operational efficiencies, including those identified in a Government
Accountability Office report released in November. The watchdog agency found
that many BIE schools have serious financial problems, including a lack of
proper oversight and accumulations of unspent funds that aren't reaching
classrooms and students as intended.

Mr. Tso said it's a problem he's seen far too often in schools across the Navajo
Nation, with policies and procedures "all over the place."

Many of the school districts operate independently with little regard for
federal education guidelines, which is a problem for the 38,000 students
educated on and around the reservation, which spans three states, he said.

Navajo Nation leaders will use the grant to pay for a two-year project to align
curriculum, establish some adherence to the Common Core State Standards, and
modernize an outdated teacher-evaluation system.

The BIE and tribes are eager to embrace change, said Mr. Yu.

"There's not an expectation that this will take a long time," he said.

But trust may remain the biggest hurdle.

"There are a lot of people who have been through this whole process before.
They're leery about any direction coming from the top," Mr. Tso said. "The BIE
is recognizing that things didn't work before. They want to do something
differently."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday

KHUSHHALI BANK LAUNCHES SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMME FOR STUDENTS OF TRIBAL AREAS

LENGTH: 439 words


ISLAMABAD: Khushhali Bank on Wednesday launched its scholarship programme for
deserving students of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas.  The event was
organized at the Governor House Peshawar in the presence of Lt. Gen. ® Ali
Muhammad Jan Aurakzai and a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between
Khushhali Bank and the Institute of Management Sciences, Peshawar.  The Governor
NWFP later distributed  certificates of scholarship among 30 students belonging
to Federally Administered Territories.

President Khushhali Bank Ghalib Nishtar in his briefing to the Governor
highlighted the bank's contribution in terms of promoting economic growth at the
grassroots level through provision of financial services to low income
households for Income generating activities.

Over the past six years the bank has extended over a million loans to low income
households across Pakistan with particular focus on less developed regions of
the country, he added.  Explaining the scope of bank's scholarship program, he
said that the program initiated with  assistance from USAID aims to provide
quality education to talented individuals from FATA for studying at leading
educational institutions of the country.  He said the scholarship besides
covering the full cost of study for masters or a bachelor's degree program
provides for the opportunity to undertake internship at KB branches and post
degree employment opportunities with the bank subject to its recruitment policy.

Ghalib Nishtar said so far scholarships program is being offered by the bank at
the institute of Business Administration Karachi, Lahore University of
Management Sciences, Lahore, Institute of Business Administration Sukkur,
Balochistan University of Information Technology and Management Sciences,
Quetta, Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology,
Karachi and now the Institute of Management Sciences, Peshawar.

The initiative is part of an overall USAID five years $ 4 million grant  funding
program that includes establishment of stand-alone branches in all seven
agencies of FATA to provide loans as well as non-financial incentives for the
communities in the region in terms of infrastructure schemes as community
development projects and higher education opportunities through scholarships to
study in a business discipline relevant to the a profession of banking and
finance at premier institutions in Pakistan.

Khushhali Bank is the largest micro-finance institution in the country
established under a public-private partnership that operates across 85 districts
of the country through a network of over 100 service outlets.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            October 27, 2015 Tuesday

FATA people rendered great sacrifices during terror war: Baloch

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 294

LENGTH: 599  words


Gen. (Retd) Abdul Qadir Baloch, federal minister for States and Frontier Regions
(SAFRON) has said that tribal people in general and Mehsud tribe of South
Waziristan in particular have rendered great sacrifices during the war on terror
but the government failed to ensure their repatriation after nine long years of
their displacement.

He expressed these views at a ceremony organized by National Testing Service
(NTS)- Pakistan regarding scholarships award for Mehsud IDPs talented and
deserved students of South Waziristan.

The National Testing Service-Pakistan (NTS) announced offering scholarships to
talented students of Internally Displaced Persons (IDS) after the military
announced some areas cleared of militants in the South Waziristan Agency---a
restive tribal region in FATA.

He praised the NTS for taking part in nation building process regarding
allocation of Rs. 10 million fund for IDPs of South Waziristan.

Apart from NTS officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs) from
South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders attended the ceremony.

He said that the people of tribal areas offered gigantic services in the freedom
of Azad Jammu and Kashmir. Mehsud tribesmen had a lion's share in freedom of
Kashmir. It is our responsibility to help educate the displaced kids, Baloch
added.

After 9/11, infrastructure in tribal belt had been totally damaged, he said,
adding that donors and other stakeholders would be invited to come forward to
rebuild Fata region.

The importance of education in the progress, prosperity and development of any
society can't be denied. In view of the current situation in parts of tribal
areas, NTS Pakistan, in collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA)
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for award of scholarship to the
children of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs).

Senator Saleh Shah, while speaking on the occasion, appreciated the steps taken
by the NTS and said that it was a wonderful move by the NTS, which should
continue.

Speaking on the occasion, MNA Jamaluddin said that it was a bold initiative by
the NTS and this should be sustained in long-term.

Dr. Sher Zada Khan, Chief Operating Officer NTS,  said that his organization is
well aware of its social responsibilities towards social and education uplift of
society at large and creation of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) division
to help support the efforts in improving socio-economic condition of
underprivileged, and make Pakistan a developed economy is testimony to this
fact.

Keeping in view that education sector in the tribal areas was in shambles, the
NTS decided to offer scholarship to the displaced kids of the area.

The MWA chairman, Rehmat Khan Mehsud, praised the step taken by the NTS
Pakistan. He said that Mahsud Welfare Association had main focus to educate the
kids for a better tomorrow.

In 2009,  Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat in
South Waziristan Agency, which triggered mass exodus of tribal families to down
districts of the country.

The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems.

It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mehsud
tribe joined hands to help needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWA--- a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            October 27, 2015 Tuesday

FATA people rendered great sacrifices during terror war: Baloch

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 294

LENGTH: 599  words


Gen. (Retd) Abdul Qadir Baloch, federal minister for States and Frontier Regions
(SAFRON) has said that tribal people in general and Mehsud tribe of South
Waziristan in particular have rendered great sacrifices during the war on terror
but the government failed to ensure their repatriation after nine long years of
their displacement.

He expressed these views at a ceremony organized by National Testing Service
(NTS)- Pakistan regarding scholarships award for Mehsud IDPs talented and
deserved students of South Waziristan.

The National Testing Service-Pakistan (NTS) announced offering scholarships to
talented students of Internally Displaced Persons (IDS) after the military
announced some areas cleared of militants in the South Waziristan Agency---a
restive tribal region in FATA.

He praised the NTS for taking part in nation building process regarding
allocation of Rs. 10 million fund for IDPs of South Waziristan.

Apart from NTS officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs) from
South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders attended the ceremony.

He said that the people of tribal areas offered gigantic services in the freedom
of Azad Jammu and Kashmir. Mehsud tribesmen had a lion's share in freedom of
Kashmir. It is our responsibility to help educate the displaced kids, Baloch
added.

After 9/11, infrastructure in tribal belt had been totally damaged, he said,
adding that donors and other stakeholders would be invited to come forward to
rebuild Fata region.

The importance of education in the progress, prosperity and development of any
society can't be denied. In view of the current situation in parts of tribal
areas, NTS Pakistan, in collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA)
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for award of scholarship to the
children of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs).

Senator Saleh Shah, while speaking on the occasion, appreciated the steps taken
by the NTS and said that it was a wonderful move by the NTS, which should
continue.

Speaking on the occasion, MNA Jamaluddin said that it was a bold initiative by
the NTS and this should be sustained in long-term.

Dr. Sher Zada Khan, Chief Operating Officer NTS,  said that his organization is
well aware of its social responsibilities towards social and education uplift of
society at large and creation of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) division
to help support the efforts in improving socio-economic condition of
underprivileged, and make Pakistan a developed economy is testimony to this
fact.

Keeping in view that education sector in the tribal areas was in shambles, the
NTS decided to offer scholarship to the displaced kids of the area.

The MWA chairman, Rehmat Khan Mehsud, praised the step taken by the NTS
Pakistan. He said that Mahsud Welfare Association had main focus to educate the
kids for a better tomorrow.

In 2009,  Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat in
South Waziristan Agency, which triggered mass exodus of tribal families to down
districts of the country.

The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems.

It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mehsud
tribe joined hands to help needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWA--- a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved

                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 230 words


FORT YATES - In the spring of 2007, The American Indian College Fund, based in
Denver, announced a $17.5 million, historic grant initiative from the Lilly
Endowment Inc.

The program, named Woksape Oyate, Lakota for "Wisdom of the People," aims to
build the intellectual capital at many of the federally recognized tribal
colleges.

In November 2007, Sitting Bull College was awarded $700,000 of the $17.5 million
Lily Endowment and has used the initial funding to establish a 7th Generation
Academic Excellence Center in hopes of enhancing the intellectual capital of its
students and future leaders on the Standing Rock Reservation.

Sitting Bull College received its first installment in November 2007, with four
additional payments of $140,000 each scheduled over the next four years.

The center is focused on developing students' writing, reading and oral
communication skills and also will collaborate with key community stakeholders
to successfully impact the education system on and near the Standing Rock
Reservation.

As part of the program, the Center will offer a writing lab for community
members, a student writing-speech club and professional development workshops
for faculty and staff.

Crispin Maslog is the newly hired director of The 7th Generation Excellence
Center and can be reached at 701-854-8040 or by e-mail at crism@sbci.edu.

Center focuses on communications skills

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Ute Tribe, U. of U. reach new agreement over name

BYLINE: By Lya Wodraska And Matthew Piper The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; Utah Utes

LENGTH: 1028 words


Fort Duchesne - The University of Utah will continue to use the Ute name with
the all-important support of Ute Indian Tribe leaders.

On Tuesday, the school agreed to a five-year agreement that centers on efforts
to help reservation youths. The new memorandum of understanding was signed by U.
President David Pershing and Ute Indian Tribe Business Committee chairman Gordon
Howell shortly before noon Tuesday in Fort Duchesne.

The U. agreed to fund scholarships not only for American Indian students, but
also specifically for Ute tribal members, and to promote education about the
tribe's history. The U. will also donate proceeds from sales of a special
football jersey worn during a home game in November (either for Oregon or
Arizona) to a Boys & Girls Club the tribe plans to open.

"This isn't about money; we need to be clear about that," Pershing said. "This
is about educational opportunity."

A previous memorandum of understanding, signed in 2005 in response to
restrictions from the NCAA, was lighter on specifics and expired in 2009. Howell
said nobody realized it had expired until last year, and Tuesday's announcement
was the culmination of more than a handful of meetings between the two parties
since the tribe began to renegotiate.

"We wanted to bring to their attention that our youth is very important to us,"
Howell said, "and that we would like them to attend the University of Utah or
further their education no matter where it's going to be."

There are four Ute tribes, and according to the Utah Athletics website, the Utes
name is most closely affiliated with the Northern Utes, who have a tribal
membership of 3,157. But Howell said representatives from the Southern Utes and
the Ute Mountain Utes attended meetings as well.

U. leaders stood Tuesday while the Red Spirit drum group opened the proceedings
and a prayer was delivered by tribe elder Leo Tapoof -- after a short speech
that he ended with "Go Utes!"

The football jerseys are not yet designed, and the tribe will have its choice of
a couple of options, Howell said. The business committee originally asked for a
helmet with a war-bonnet design, but the U. leaders "felt like they didn't want
to disrespect the tribe, which we understood."

Other aspects of the new MOU include:

- The tribe will appoint an unpaid adviser to Pershing who will serve as a
liaison between the groups, and the U. will create a full-time Utah College of
Applied Technology advising position to help reservation students apply for
college.

- The Utah Tribal Leaders Council will appoint two members to the American
Indian Resource Center's advisory board.

- Tribal youths will be able to attend U. sporting events and meet athletes who
were able to earn scholarships despite having come from underprivileged
backgrounds.

"It won't just be from year to year, it will help for decades," Howell said.
"It's been a very important issue for our council, that we feel we're losing our
youth."

The agreement comes amid objections from within the U.'s own ranks over the
school's handling of diversity. Last week, assistant vice president for student
equity and diversity Enrique Alemccn resigned in part, he said, because he was
accused of leaking the letter the U. received from the Ute Tribe.

Days earlier, chief diversity officer Octavio Villalpando resigned. Alemccn said
he was told Villalpando was being investigated for human resources issues.

A U. student group in December petitioned the school to drop ties with the tribe
altogether, rather than continue to react to evolving notions of political
correctness.

Even if handled delicately by the U., the teams' association with American
Indians leads to a problem of "education," said Samantha Eldridge, a leader of
the initiative and now a liaison for Native American Outreach in the National
Education Association in Washington, D.C. Fans of the team must repeatedly be
told it is inappropriate to wear mock headdresses or paint their faces red at
games.

"We are always going to get a negative, stereotypical portrayal of Native
Americans," Eldridge said Monday night. "We're always going to get a new cohort
of students attending the university who we are going to continually have to
educate on what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior."

Eldridge said the U.'s agreement with the tribe signals a step backward from a
Pershing promise in September 2011 to phase out the drum-and-feather logo.

"For him to unilaterally change his mind," Eldridge said, "and underhandedly
work with the Ute Tribe to negotiate a new memorandum is disappointing."

Pershing said she's right, that when he first became president, "I thought we
might move further away from that," he said. "But this agreement is not about
the drum and feather; this is about the name of the tribe, of our teams."

Howell said the school's use of the Ute name is very popular on the reservation.
Children wear the Utah jerseys in youth football and seniors have U. license
plates, he said.

American Indians are the U.'s smallest ethnic group. Just 171 of 31,520 U.
students identified as American Indians in the 2012-13 school year.

More than 40 years ago, the U.'s athletics teams were often referred to using a
slang for Native Americans that some consider derogatory. In one vulgar example,
a 1963 football media guide cover depicts a horseback band of football players
firing arrows at a traveling stage coach.

In 1972, the U. reached an agreement with the Ute Tribe to instead adopt the
nickname "Runnin' Utes," but through the mid-1980s the U. continued to have a
"Crimson Warrior" ride onto the field at football games and drive a spear into a
hay bale.

In 2005, the NCAA attempted to restrict the U.'s use of the Utes nickname, but
the school appealed on the grounds that the name was appropriate, given that it
had a good relationship with the tribe. The NCAA agreed.

The U. has opted more frequently in recent years for the "Block U" symbol over
the drum and feather -- or as the university calls it, the "circle and feather."

View the MOU at admin.utah.edu/ute-mou.

Tribune reporter Lindsay Whitehurst contributed to this story.

lwodraska@sltrib.com

Twitter: @Lya_Wodraska

mpiper@sltrib.com

Twitter: @matthew_piper

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 19, 2009 Friday

FATA students given scholarships

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 19 -- As many as twenty two students of theCity University of
Science and Information Technology, Peshawar,belonging to Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA) wereextended scholarships here on Thursday to help them go
for highereducation. Seven of the students provided scholarships were from
KhyberAgency, five each from Momand Agency and Kurram Agency, two fromBajore
Agency where as one each student belonged to North WaziristanAgency, South
Waziristan Agency and Orkzai Agency. The scholarships were provided by Khushhali
Bank Limited (KBL)at a function.

With the inclusion of 22 more scholarships, the totalscholarships to the
University's FATA students reach to 67. Khushhali Bank's Scholarship Program was
launched in the year2005. KBL has so far extended 290 scholarships to capable
anddeserving candidates in prestigious universities of the country. Speaking at
the scholarship distribution ceremony, Syed ZahidRaza, Head Human Resources,
Khushhali Bank, who also awarded thescholarships to the deserving students, said
that the KHBscholarship program was aimed at providing underprivileged
studentsof society opportunity to acquire quality education. He said stressed
the need for promotion of merit and qualityeducation to promote good governance
in the country. He said that a majority of youth have no access to
qualityeducation which is their due right adding that the bank'sscholarship
initiative would help create opportunities for studentsrepresenting the lesser
privileged segments of society by givingthem the opportunity to pursue higher
education in professionaldisciplines and contribute to the Human Resource pool
of Country. Speaking on the occasion, Prof. Dr. Muhammad Israr Khattack,Vice
Chancellor, City University of Science and InformationTechnology lauded KBL's
efforts for undertaking such a commendableinitiative aimed at providing quality
education to deservingstudents, representing the remote areas of Sindh,
Balochistan andFATA. "This is a great initiative, whereby deserving students
areawarded for their hard work and dedication," he remarked.Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Education Expo by Jang Media Group draws crowds

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 85

LENGTH: 420  words


Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that socio-economic
development was not possible without the restoration of peace in the country,
particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education. He said such activities would help the students to
attain knowledge.

Earlier, the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education
Expo-2015.He also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading
universities and academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave
away souvenirs to the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved

                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Jang Media Group Education Expo draws crowds

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 85

LENGTH: 420  words


Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that socio-economic
development was not possible without the restoration of peace in the country,
particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education.

He said such activities would help the students to attain knowledge. Earlier,
the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education Expo-2015.He
also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading universities and
academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave away souvenirs to
the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved

                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

Voluntary educators to teach Fata youth

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The government has approved a new initiative of opening learning centres for
promoting literacy with the help of educated youths in the tribal region.
Governor Owais Ahmad Ghani, being chairman of Fata Education Foundation (FaEF),
has approved the plan -Support of Voluntary Educators' Community Schools -- in a
recent meeting, an official told .  Under the programme, the official said,
local educated youths in various communities would be supported to open learning
centres and work as 'educators' there to provide basic education to their
respective community.  "The programme will only be applicable to willing persons
and communities and the government will provide support in shape of teaching
aids including books, furniture and other fixtures," he said.

The governor has directed the authorities to work out an implementation plan for
the initiative and submit it for the approval of Board of Directors of FaEF.
Capt (retired) Sikandar Qayyum, Secretary to Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
Mohammad Abid Majeed, Secretary Administration and Coordination Fata, Fazle
Manan, Director Education Fata, and others attended the meeting.  The meeting
also approved a roadmap for realigning the objectives of the FaEF, giving
priority to sponsorship of public private partnership initiatives in education
sector in Fata, regulation, monitoring and support of existing model schools in
public sector and private schools, training of teachers, headmasters and other
stakeholders and special measures for promotion of literacy with particular
focus on female education.  It was agreed that the cornerstone of the public
private partnership initiative would be 11 Model Schools, being run by the
political agents under local administrative arrangements and nine under
construction as of now, the official said.  The FaEF would work on linking them
and propose a uniform administrative structure for them besides improving
standards through provision of teaching aid, wherever was required.
Furthermore, it will work on framing by-laws and regulations to standardise the
administrative working of these schools besides providing them a platform for
proper monitoring and evaluation against benchmarked baselines.  The meeting
agreed that Fata Secretariat would make effort to come up with a regular funds
contribution plan towards the endowment fund of the FaEF. This may include
yearly grant in aid from the Fata Annual Development Programme or contributions
from the political agents.  It was also approved that the initiative to provide
backstopping to colleges in shape of lecturers would continue and it would be
extended to science teachers where required.  For this purpose the directorate
of education will carry out a need assessment exercise within a month and
recommend appointment of science teachers where strictly required in students'
interest.  In order to rationalise and set a minimum slab for administrative
expenditure, the budget and expenditure statement of the last three years would
be worked out by the FaEF and submitted along with the financial year 2010-11
work-plan to the Board of Directors within a month, the official added.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

HEC proposes Rs 25b projects for 2016-17

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 7 -- The Higher Education Commission (HEC) has proposed
projects worth Rs25 billion for 2016-17 and initiated certain programmes for the
students belonging to less developed areas of the country.

The HEC chairman on Wednesday briefed the National Assembly Standing Committee
on Federal Education and Professional Training about the draft PSDP 2016-17
proposal and the anticipated allocation of Rs25 billion for commission's ongoing
and new initiatives in line with the Vision 2025. He said the HEC had initiated
several programmes for the students of less developed areas i.e. Aghaz
Haqooq-e-Balochistan, FATA University and Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement
Scheme.

The 14th meeting of the committee was held at the Higher Education Commission
Secretariat. Dr Amirullah Marwat, chairman of the standing committee, presided
over the meeting. Minister of State for Federal Education Baleegh-ur-Rehman, HEC
Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed and senior officials of the commission attended the
meeting.

Ahmed briefed the committee members about the functions and achievements of the
HEC since its inception in 2002. He briefed the meeting about the allocation of
grants to public and private universities in 2015-16, proposed development
projects of the HEC in the PSDP for financial year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee
Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed Areas and the steps taken for the
promotion of higher education in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

Referring to the Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the HEC chairman said it covered
tuition, admission, laboratory, registration, examination, library and research
related costs of MS/MPhil and PhD programmes. He said that initially 59
districts were covered under the scheme and currently students from 114
districts were benefiting from it. He said that a total of 94,751 students had
benefited from it so far. The Fee Reimbursement Scheme covers all districts of
Balochistan, FATA, Gilgit-Baltistan, southern Punjab and Interior Sindh and
selected districts of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.

The committee was briefed about the scope of the Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan
Package. The HEC chairman said that 600 scholarships - 200 overseas and 400
indigenous - were being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan.
He said that HEC was taking steps for promotion of higher education in the
Federally Administered Tribal Areas and establishing a university there.

Speaking on the occasion, Marwat recognised the importance of various HEC
programmes and assured it of the committee's complete support. He assured the
HEC of committee's support against illegal campuses of certain universities. He
directed the HEC to release parent/student alerts every three months to inform
the masses about the illegal universities, their campuses and their programmes.

Committee members Nazir Khan, Dr Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, Shaista Pervaiz, Amra
Khan, Surriya Asghar and Dr Imran Khattak were also present.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

HEC proposes Rs 25b projects for 2016-17

BYLINE: Muhammad Asad Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 98

LENGTH: 495  words


The Higher Education Commission (HEC) has proposed projects worth Rs25 billion
for 2016-17 and initiated certain programmes for the students belonging to less
developed areas of the country.

The HEC chairman on Wednesday briefed the National Assembly Standing Committee
on Federal Education and Professional Training about the draft PSDP 2016-17
proposal and the anticipated allocation of Rs25 billion for commission's ongoing
and new initiatives in line with the Vision 2025. He said the HEC had initiated
several programmes for the students of less developed areas i.e. Aghaz
Haqooq-e-Balochistan, FATA University and Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement
Scheme.

The 14th meeting of the committee was held at the Higher Education Commission
Secretariat. Dr Amirullah Marwat, chairman of the standing committee, presided
over the meeting. Minister of State for Federal Education Baleegh-ur-Rehman, HEC
Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed and senior officials of the commission attended the
meeting.

Ahmed briefed the committee members about the functions and achievements of the
HEC since its inception in 2002. He briefed the meeting about the allocation of
grants to public and private universities in 2015-16, proposed development
projects of the HEC in the PSDP for financial year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee
Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed Areas and the steps taken for the
promotion of higher education in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

Referring to the Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the HEC chairman said it covered
tuition, admission, laboratory, registration, examination, library and research
related costs of MS/MPhil and PhD programmes. He said that initially 59
districts were covered under the scheme and currently students from 114
districts were benefiting from it. He said that a total of 94,751 students had
benefited from it so far. The Fee Reimbursement Scheme covers all districts of
Balochistan, FATA, Gilgit-Baltistan, southern Punjab and Interior Sindh and
selected districts of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.

The committee was briefed about the scope of the Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan
Package. The HEC chairman said that 600 scholarships - 200 overseas and 400
indigenous - were being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan.
He said that HEC was taking steps for promotion of higher education in the
Federally Administered Tribal Areas and establishing a university there.

Speaking on the occasion, Marwat recognised the importance of various HEC
programmes and assured it of the committee's complete support. He assured the
HEC of committee's support against illegal campuses of certain universities. He
directed the HEC to release parent/student alerts every three months to inform
the masses about the illegal universities, their campuses and their programmes.

Committee members Nazir Khan, Dr Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, Shaista Pervaiz, Amra
Khan, Surriya Asghar and Dr Imran Khattak were also present.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

REGIONAL ROUNDUP

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 24

LENGTH: 799 words


Upper Crust Pizzeria agrees to pay back wages

SALEM - The company that operates the Upper Crust Pizzeria in Salem has agreed
to pay more than $80,000 in back wages and damages to 11 employees after an
investigation by the U.S. Department of Labor's wage and hour division uncovered
violations of overtime pay and record-keeping rules. Buchhalter Ltd., a
franchisee of the Upper Crust chain that runs the shop at 118 Washington St.,
was accused of improperly classifying nonexempt kitchen employees as workers who
would be exempt from the federal Fair Labor Standards Act. The firm paid those
workers "straight time" instead of time-and-a-half if they worked more than 40
hours a week. When informed of the findings, owner Michael Buchhalter signed an
agreement to pay $40,000 in back wages to the 11 employees plus an equal amount
in damages. The franchisor, Upper Crust LLC, also was forced to pay back wages -
in that company's case, to more than 120 workers among 10 shops - after a 2009
investigation found that hourly employees were improperly paid straight time
when they should have received overtime pay.

Tallest Connecticut skyscraper on the market

HARTFORD - Connecticut's tallest skyscraper is up for sale. Jones Lang LaSalle
said it has been hired to put the UnitedHealthcare Center in downtown Hartford
on the block. The 885,000-square-foot, 39-story tower is the only office
building in Hartford that's taller than 30 floors. The tower is 98 percent
leased, and UnitedHealth Group remains the building's anchor tenant, with a
long-term lease on the property. The 28-year-old tower, which used to be known
CityPlace, is located at the corner of Asylum and Trumbull streets.

Stop & Shop opens 'green' store in Andover

ANDOVER - Stop & Shop Supermarket Co. has opened a new energy-efficient store in
the Shawsheen Plaza at 209 North Main St. in Andover. The company, a division of
Dutch conglomerate Royal Ahold, expects to employ about 150 people there. The
supermarket's features include low-mercury energy-efficient fluorescent light
fixtures, low-flow fixtures at the sinks and toilets to reduce water consumption
and an energy management system to monitor the performance of the lighting,
refrigeration and HVAC systems. "In preparation for the opening, we worked to
bring our signature value and community spirit to Andover," said Mark McGowan,
president of Stop & Shop's New England division. "We believe the community will
enjoy ... the quality, selection and customer service they have come to expect
from Stop & Shop."

mohegan Tribal casino plan includes labor deal

PALMER - The Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority has signed memorandums of
understanding with the Pioneer Valley Building Trades Council and the Carpenters
Local 108 of the New England Council of Carpenters to ensure that union labor
will be used to build a proposed casino in Palmer. The agreements cover a wide
range of trades, including bricklayers, sheet metal workers, electrical workers,
as well as carpenters. The Mohegan Sun Palmer casino would be located off Exit 8
on the Massachusetts Turnpike - if the Legislature approves casino gambling in
the state and the Mohegan proposal is selected as one of the allowed casino
projects.

First Wind opens second wind farm in Utah

BOSTON - First Wind has commenced operations at its 102-megawatt Milford II wind
farm in Milford, Utah. The Boston-based company's project features 68
1.5-megawatt General Electric turbines, and it's located north of First Wind's
204-megawatt project known as Milford I. The company said the two wind farms
collectively can generate enough electricity to power up to 64,000 homes.

BC's Center on Aging and Work gets grant

BOSTON - The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation has given Boston College's Center on
Aging & Work a $2.7 million grant to research the effectiveness of flexible time
and location management strategies to improve the productivity of an age-diverse
workforce. This will be the center's third multi-million dollar grant since
2005. The center will work with employers to either adopt a new time/place
management policy or introduce a new component to an existing initiative.

Loans available for life science startups

WALTHAM - The Massachusetts Life Sciences Center has launched its summer 2011
accelerator loan program, and is accepting applications through Aug. 5. The
program, which first started in 2009, offers loans of up to $750,000 per company
to provide financing for life sciences startups that need to buy expensive
equipment or to have flexible working capital. To date, the program has awarded
at least $9.2 million in debt financing to 16 life sciences companies in the
state. Two of these companies have already raised nearly $30 million in
subsequent financing and have paid back their accelerator loans with interest.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark McGowan,

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger

                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday

Peace in Afghanistan vital for normalcy in country: Hoti

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 355

LENGTH: 471  words


Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Amir Haider Khan Hoti on Monday said that the
establishment of peace in neighbouring Afghanistan and restive tribal areas was
vital for complete normalcy and calm in the country.

He said that the government got desired objectives through peace initiatives in
the province, especially in scenic valley of Swat.

Addressing ANP rally at Grassy Ground in Mingora Swat here on Monday, he
reiterated that Jihad would continue till elimination of last terrorists from
Pakhtuns' soil.

He acknowledged that people of Swat had rendered enormous sacrifices for
survival of the country.

He said that ANP would foil all conspiracy to undermine the party.

He said that development projects worth Rs4.5 billion had been initiated in
scenic valley of Swat.

He said that ANP had fought against militants to restore lasting peace in the
valley.

Hoti said that establishment of complete peace was not possible till restoration
of peace and normalcy in neighbouring Afghanistan and tribal areas.

He said that terrorism had been completely wiped out from Swat.

He said that the government had carried out unprecedented development schemes in
the Swat, which was never seen in the past.

He announced additional development schemes worth billions for Swat.

"Our top priority was to reconstruct and rehabilitate militancy and insurgency
affected Swat," he maintained.

He informed that reconstruction of more than 113 militancy-hit schools had
started at a cost of Rs2 billion.

The chief minister said that out of 26 primary schools, 18 primary schools along
with 17 middle and 18 high schools were upgraded and Rs400 million had been
provided for colleges in Dresh Khela and Mardan.

Regarding development in health sector, he said Rs230 million were on
Paramedical Institute and Gynae ward in Saidu hospital while project of Saidu
Group of Hospitals costing Rs800 million was in progress.

He said that Rs1.5 billion were provided in connection with compensation for
damaged houses while Rs250 million for Daurl Quza.

He announced construction of media colony for journalists of swat and approved a
grant of worth Rs2 million for Swat Press Club.

Hoti said that work on rehabilitation of Kanju Road costing Rs680 million,
Rs1.30 billion Kanju Madain Road, Rs500 million Mingora Bypass Road was in
progress.

He said that construction work on Kanju to Madain Road would commence this month
while Shamozai Bridge will cost more than Rs1 billion.

Provincial Minister for Information, Mian Iftikhar Hussain, provincial ministers
Wajid Ali Khan and Ayub Khan, MPA Sher Shah Khan, provincial president ANP
Senator Afrasiab Khattak, Senior Provincial Minister Bashir Ahmad Bilour,
Provincial Minister Syed Aqil Shah, Provincial General Secretary ANP Arbab
Tahir, Information Secretary Malik Mustafa and other were also present on the
occasion.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved

                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Woods Fund awards more than $300,000;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 468 words


Woods Charitable Fund, a private grant-making foundation, has announced new and
renewal grants totaling $303,850 for the second of three grant cycles in 2010.

Adoption Links Worldwide Inc., $10,000, toward Wendy's Wonderful Kids program to
find permanent adoptive families for children in foster care.

The Angels Theatre Company Inc., $5,000, for production of and community
discussions about "In My Daughter's Name," a locally written play focusing on
the true story of a domestic violence murder.

BryanLGH Foundation, $20,000, for Healthcare Education Across the Lifespan, an
initiative of BryanLGH College of Health Sciences and Southeast Nebraska Area
Health Education Center, to foster interest in health professions among minority
and underserved youths and adults.

Central Plains Center for Services, $20,000, toward Education and Training
Voucher program, which provides post-secondary tuition help and other support to
foster care children and state or tribal wards.

Community CROPS, $10,000, support for executive director position for an
organization that develops community garden space for immigrants, refugees and
people of low-income to grow healthy food.

Community Mental Health Center, $10,000, for Open Studio/Wordshop program, in
collaboration with CenterPointe and Lincoln Parks and Recreation Department, to
offer creative environment to nontraditional artists with mental health and
substance abuse issues.

El Centro de las Americas, $25,000, for executive director position of a group
that educates and empowers Hispanic/Latino families and community.

HUB Central Access Point for Young Adults, $50,000, toward purchase of a
facility to help provide support for people making the transition into adulthood
who are disconnected from their families.

Illusion Theater and School Inc., $4,447, for performances and outreach of
Project Trust's sexual abuse prevention/ awareness play, "TOUCH," at elementary
schools.

Lincoln Community Playhouse Inc., $75,000, for three-year support for executive
director position of a group, that promotes quality theatrical experiences for
Lincoln.

Lincoln YWCA, $30,000, for operating support.

Nebraska Humanities Council, $10,000, toward efforts to engage young adults in
humanities programming.

Nebraska State Historical Society Foundation, $10,903, toward "We the People:
Who are 'We' in Nebraska?" an exhibit, lecture and broadcast series and
teachers' institute on civil liberties in Nebraska.

Proyecto Cultural, $3,500, for Summer Dance Institute.

TEAMS Educational Center, $20,000, for community relations/development director
position and Operation Reach, for low-income families to gain access to tutoring
services for children with special needs.

For more information, call 402-436-5971, go to www.woodscharitable.org or write
P.O. Box 81309, Lincoln, NE 68501.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: OBAMA ADMINISTRATION ANNOUNCES EIGHT ADDITIONAL PROMISE ZONES TO BUILD
COMMUNITY PROSPERITY

LENGTH: 1243  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Housing and Urban Development has issued the following news
release:

WASHINGTON - The Obama Administration announced today eight additional Promise
Zones across the country, including six cities, one rural area, and one tribal
community. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other priorities identified by the community.
Through the Promise Zone designation, these communities will work directly with
federal, state and local agencies to give local leaders proven tools to improve
the quality of life in some of the country's most vulnerable areas.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julián Castro
and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new
Promise Zone designations in the following communities:

Camden, New Jersey
    Hartford, Connecticut
    Indianapolis, Indiana
    Minneapolis, Minnesota
    Sacramento, California
    St. Louis/St. Louis County, Missouri
    Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South Dakota
    South Carolina Low Country

"From my time as Mayor to my tenure as Secretary, I've seen first-hand how a
Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in underserved
neighborhoods," said HUD Secretary Castro.  "A zip code should never limit the
hopes that folks have for themselves or for their children.  We're proud to be
working with a wide-variety of local leaders to strengthen neighborhoods and to
unlock doors of opportunity that have been closed for far too long."

"The Promise Zone effort is proof positive that partnerships are the key to
community economic development," said Agriculture Secretary Vilsack. "Families
and children in rural and tribal communities are full of potential to compete
and succeed in the 21st Century.  When we invest our resources and establish
long-lasting public-private alliances to strengthen educational opportunities,
deliver health care, build infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in
our country's future."

To celebrate the newly designated zones, events were held across the country in
each of the new urban zones.  Secretary Julián Castro, U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development visited St. Louis, Secretary Arne Duncan, U.S.
Department of Education visited Minneapolis, CEO, Wendy Spencer, Corporation for
National and Community Service visited Indianapolis, Deputy Secretary, Nani
Coloretti, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, visited Hartford
and HUD Regional Administrators held events in Camden, NJ and Sacramento, CA.
To highlight the rural zone designations of South Carolina's Low Country and
South Dakota's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted media
calls for South Carolina and South Dakota.

Background on Promise Zones:

Today's newly designated Promise Zones join five others that President Obama
designated in January, 2014 - San Antonio; Los Angeles; Philadelphia;
Southeastern Kentucky Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The work
underway in these communities is already showing results. For example:

In San Antonio, the George Gervin Youth Center was awarded a $1.1 million
YouthBuild grant from the Department of Labor to establish an education and
training program for at-risk young people.  The program is enrolling 64 people
and preparing them for jobs in good, middle-class careers including jobs in the
nursing and the building trades. The Gervin Center also received a $2 million
Training-to-Work grant from the Department of Labor to help young men and women
participating in work-release programs gain the job skills necessary to launch
them on a path to high-demand jobs.

In Los Angeles, the Unified School District is supporting college and career
readiness programs for 6,500 students in 16 schools, while Advocates for Youth
is developing a teen pregnancy prevention plan with community partners.  Access
to healthy foods is also a high priority in the L.A. Promise Zone.  Business
leaders and the East Hollywood Farmers Market are involved in various
initiatives including establishing six community-supported agricultural sites to
expand access to nutritious food options.  The City is also conducting outreach
to low-income tenants to reduce lead hazards in homes and will be placing
AmeriCorps volunteers in schools and job training sites to counsel students on
post-secondary education options and career choices.

In Philadelphia, the Juvenile Justice Center is providing career training for
youth who have been involved with the justice system.  Promise Zone partners are
creating access to healthy food and improving the business infrastructure for
sustainable food production.  Drexel University is leading a collaborative
effort to increase the number of neighborhood children who have access to high
quality child care and improve school performance.  Security cameras were
installed at a high-crime hot spot and businesses are being encouraged to take
advantage of subsidized cameras along key Promise Zone commercial corridors.
Specific plans are being developed to preserve affordable housing to avoid
displacement of long-time residents as the neighborhood improves.

In Barbourville, Kentucky, the Knox County Hospital is utilizing funding from
the USDA's Community Facilities Program to expand medical care services for a
rural population of approximately 31,883 people and to secure more than 200
jobs.

In the Choctaw Nation, nineteen Head Start classrooms in thirteen centers
received direct support from the Department of Health and Human Services to
provide early education, nutrition, and health services to 310 children and
their families.

Today's Promise Zone communities were selected from 123 applications from 36
states, Puerto Rico and Washington, DC. Each urban, rural, and tribal Promise
Zone applicant was asked to put together a clear description of how the Promise
Zone designation would accelerate and strengthen the community's own efforts at
comprehensive community revitalization. Each Promise Zone will be coordinated by
a lead community based organization in partnership with the Obama
Administration.  HUD will be the federal lead for the six urban designees, while
USDA will serve as the lead federal partner to the tribal and rural Promise
Zones.

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals, and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit
and manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone
initiatives.

Third Round Promise Zone Competition

A competition to select a third round of Promise Zones will commence later this
year. In the Summer of 2015, HUD will publish a Notice in the Federal Register
requesting public comment on the proposed selection process, criteria, and
submissions for the final round of the Promise Zones initiative.   This notice
will provide urban, rural, and tribal communities the opportunity to help shape
the third round application guide and efforts to support other communities more
effectively in future years.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

Rep. Joe Baca: It has been an honor to serve

BYLINE: By Congressman Joe Baca

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 886 words


It has been my distinct honor to represent California's Inland Empire in
Congress since 1999. Public service is a privilege, and I want to give a very
heartfelt thank-you to all those who have allowed me the opportunity to serve. I
will remain forever grateful for the people I have worked with, and the
victories we have achieved in improving the quality of life in our area and
creating greater opportunities at success for all.

Outside of serving my country in the U.S. Army, and being a husband, father, and
grandfather to my family, my public service has been the most rewarding
experience of my life. I am proud of the positive steps that have been made for
our communities during my time in Congress. As many know, I have brought home
over $154 million in federal assistance to support critical education, public
safety, transportation and health projects in the Inland Empire. In addition, I
secured $570 million in federal stimulus funds for my congressional district -
which was used to put more cops on our streets, and to advance critical
transportation projects involving the 215 Freeway.

I also played a key role in securing federal funding to support nanotechnology
programs for the San Bernardino Community College District and $34 million in
assistance to help construct the Colton Rail Crossing. I have also advanced
legislative initiatives to help clean up perchlorate contaminated water, improve
the health and nutrition of local school children, and limit the harmful impact
of overly burdensome endangered species act regulations in our area.

On the national level, I used my leadership positions in Congress to pass record
funding levels for food stamps and nutrition programs that help feed over 44
million hungry Americans as part of the 2008 Farm Bill, and secured new funding
for Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs), Tribal Colleges, and Historically
Black Serving Colleges and Universities, including over $200 million in new
grant funding. In my role as chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, I also
defeated harmful anti-immigrant and English-only amendments that would turn back
the clock on the progress we have made as a nation, and ensured the
contributions of Hispanic and Native American veterans were recognized in the
PBS World War II documentary, "The War."

I stand by my record, and I believe I would have defeated my opponent for the
35th Congressional District if each candidate were judged on merit alone. But at
the end of the day, I was defeated by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and
his super PAC, not by Sen. Gloria Negrette McLeod.

Mr. Bloomberg's super PAC, Independence USA, spent $3.3 million in television,
radio, and mail attack ads against me during the final weeks of the election.
These attacks had their intended effect, successfully propelling my opponent -
whom I both outraised and outworked - to victory.

But at what cost was Mayor Bloomberg's victory secured? In the wake of super
storm Sandy, imagine the number of homes that $3.3 million could repair, or the
number of Thanksgiving meals that could be bought for displaced individuals and
families. Yet instead of working toward the greater good, Mayor Bloomberg was
content to spend his money influencing the outcome of a Congressional race
nearly 3,000 miles away, while at the same time his home city was experiencing
one of its times of greatest need.

Many questions remain surrounding the actions of Mayor Bloomberg's super PAC,
and I believe families in the Inland Empire deserve answers. Why did Mayor
Bloomberg target California's Inland Empire for his shadowy dealings? Who really
called the shots behind the millions of dollars that were poured into the race?
And what does this person have to gain from having a less experienced, less
effective representative for the Inland Empire in Congress?

While the mayor claims he was targeting my record on gun control legislation,
this argument rings false when my opponent herself had a B- record with the NRA
only a few years ago, and has said multiple times that she supports the 2nd
Amendment, with she and her husband keeping guns in their house. And if the
mayor's involvement was supposedly about gun issues, why did he proceed with a
campaign of distortion and lies attacking my vote on a water bill? H.R. 2018,
the Clean Water Cooperative Federalism Act, is designed to give California and
other states greater control over clean water standards. Yet Bloomberg and his
operatives lied, claiming falsely that this vote led to additional pollution in
our California waters. What possible reason could the mayor have for distorting
my record? Are his political operatives looking for new jobs in Washington now
that Mayor Bloomberg's term is coming to a close?

Unfortunately, the mayor's actions are symptomatic of a broken system, in which
elections can literally be bought by the highest bidder. As I move forward with
my final weeks serving in Congress, I am heartened knowing the lasting positive
change that many of my actions in Congress have brought to our families and
communities in the Inland Empire. I wish the same could be said for the $3.3
million Mayor Bloomberg spent to buy a candidate.

Congressman Joe Baca represents the 43rd Congressional District, which includes
San Bernardino, Fontana, Rialto, Ontario and Bloomington.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

Rep. Joe Baca: It has been an honor to serve

BYLINE: By Congressman Joe Baca

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 886 words


It has been my distinct honor to represent California's Inland Empire in
Congress since 1999. Public service is a privilege, and I want to give a very
heartfelt thank-you to all those who have allowed me the opportunity to serve. I
will remain forever grateful for the people I have worked with, and the
victories we have achieved in improving the quality of life in our area and
creating greater opportunities at success for all.

Outside of serving my country in the U.S. Army, and being a husband, father, and
grandfather to my family, my public service has been the most rewarding
experience of my life. I am proud of the positive steps that have been made for
our communities during my time in Congress. As many know, I have brought home
over $154 million in federal assistance to support critical education, public
safety, transportation and health projects in the Inland Empire. In addition, I
secured $570 million in federal stimulus funds for my congressional district -
which was used to put more cops on our streets, and to advance critical
transportation projects involving the 215 Freeway.

I also played a key role in securing federal funding to support nanotechnology
programs for the San Bernardino Community College District and $34 million in
assistance to help construct the Colton Rail Crossing. I have also advanced
legislative initiatives to help clean up perchlorate contaminated water, improve
the health and nutrition of local school children, and limit the harmful impact
of overly burdensome endangered species act regulations in our area.

On the national level, I used my leadership positions in Congress to pass record
funding levels for food stamps and nutrition programs that help feed over 44
million hungry Americans as part of the 2008 Farm Bill, and secured new funding
for Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs), Tribal Colleges, and Historically
Black Serving Colleges and Universities, including over $200 million in new
grant funding. In my role as chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, I also
defeated harmful anti-immigrant and English-only amendments that would turn back
the clock on the progress we have made as a nation, and ensured the
contributions of Hispanic and Native American veterans were recognized in the
PBS World War II documentary, "The War."

I stand by my record, and I believe I would have defeated my opponent for the
35th Congressional District if each candidate were judged on merit alone. But at
the end of the day, I was defeated by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and
his super PAC, not by Sen. Gloria Negrette McLeod.

Mr. Bloomberg's super PAC, Independence USA, spent $3.3 million in television,
radio, and mail attack ads against me during the final weeks of the election.
These attacks had their intended effect, successfully propelling my opponent -
whom I both outraised and outworked - to victory.

But at what cost was Mayor Bloomberg's victory secured? In the wake of super
storm Sandy, imagine the number of homes that $3.3 million could repair, or the
number of Thanksgiving meals that could be bought for displaced individuals and
families. Yet instead of working toward the greater good, Mayor Bloomberg was
content to spend his money influencing the outcome of a Congressional race
nearly 3,000 miles away, while at the same time his home city was experiencing
one of its times of greatest need.

Many questions remain surrounding the actions of Mayor Bloomberg's super PAC,
and I believe families in the Inland Empire deserve answers. Why did Mayor
Bloomberg target California's Inland Empire for his shadowy dealings? Who really
called the shots behind the millions of dollars that were poured into the race?
And what does this person have to gain from having a less experienced, less
effective representative for the Inland Empire in Congress?

While the mayor claims he was targeting my record on gun control legislation,
this argument rings false when my opponent herself had a B- record with the NRA
only a few years ago, and has said multiple times that she supports the 2nd
Amendment, with she and her husband keeping guns in their house. And if the
mayor's involvement was supposedly about gun issues, why did he proceed with a
campaign of distortion and lies attacking my vote on a water bill? H.R. 2018,
the Clean Water Cooperative Federalism Act, is designed to give California and
other states greater control over clean water standards. Yet Bloomberg and his
operatives lied, claiming falsely that this vote led to additional pollution in
our California waters. What possible reason could the mayor have for distorting
my record? Are his political operatives looking for new jobs in Washington now
that Mayor Bloomberg's term is coming to a close?

Unfortunately, the mayor's actions are symptomatic of a broken system, in which
elections can literally be bought by the highest bidder. As I move forward with
my final weeks serving in Congress, I am heartened knowing the lasting positive
change that many of my actions in Congress have brought to our families and
communities in the Inland Empire. I wish the same could be said for the $3.3
million Mayor Bloomberg spent to buy a candidate.

Congressman Joe Baca represents the 43rd Congressional District, which includes
San Bernardino, Fontana, Rialto, Ontario and Bloomington.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                              July 5, 2013 Friday

Sacrifices of Fata people commendable: Governor

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 625

LENGTH: 1181  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor, Engineer Shaukatullah has said thatPakistan
confronted war against terrorism as the frontline state while we, as the nation
have been facing this challenge, the tribal people faced the brunt as
inhabitants of the frontline region.

Addressing as the chief guest at the Ist Convocation of the Cadet College Wana
at its premises at Wana; the agency headquarter of South Waziristan on Thursday,
the Governor further observed that indeed the sacrifices of the tribal people
have remained highly commendable and well acknowledged in maintaining security
and stability of the country and maintenance of law and order.

But at the same time, he added, we are also faced with the challenge of
projecting soft image of our nation; the people of FATA in particular and this
is the institution which will Inshaullah contribute significantly in promoting
correct and soft image of the tribal people as well.

Besides GOC, Maj. Gen. Nazir Ahmad Butt who is also the Vice Chairman of the
Board of the Governors of the college, Principal Secretary to the Governor, Mr.
Muhammad Abid Majeed who is also taking care of the Education Sector in FATA and
Political Agent, Mr. Islamzeb the ceremony was also attended by MNA, Mr. Ghalib
Khan, parents of cadets and prominent tribal elders of the agency.

Expressing his deep thanks to Pak Army for establishing the Cadet College at
Wana in highly critical state of circumstances, the Governor assured that he
will make sure to bring the institution at par with the Cadet College Razmak, as
far as meeting its future needs; sponsorship of scholarships and development of
faculty is concerned.

The Governor also highly eulogized the spirit and courage of the parents of
cadets for affording education and brought up of their children in highly
difficult times and further assured to spare no effort in ensuring timely
completion of the new campus of the college. It merits a mention here that the
college is presently housed in a temporary campus and with the completion of Ist
Phase of its own campus by next year it will start shifting gradually.

Pointing towards graduates, the Governor said, they are the future hope and they
should fully focus upon their studies whichever institution they would be
joining in future and enable themselves to act effectively in the mainstream
efforts for development and prosperity of the country. Always keep the national
interests at the highest esteem and maintain the spirit to be ready to offer
every sacrifice for the country and the soil they belong to, he advised.

Responding to the points raised by Brig. Nasir Saeed Khattak, Principal of the
College while presenting the annual report of the college, the Governor assured
that he will make it sure that the entire responsibility of running the
institution are fully taken over by the government within the shortest possible
time. Similarly, he added, the cadets of this college will also avail
scholarships like their fellows of similar institutions as well. Earlier the
Governor also awarded souvenirs to the graduates.

Meanwhile, the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor, Engineer Shaukatullah has said that
the tremendous sacrifices offered by the tribal people of FATA over the recent
past for ensuring security and stability of the country; maintaining law and
order and making better future for the coming generations possible are not only
highly commendable but also well acknowledged. Today, he added, the ongoing
developmental initiatives in the area are in fact a tribute to the role and
contribution, which they have made in this respect.

Addressing the grand jirga of Ahmadzai Wazir, Dotani and Sulaiman Khel tribes of
South Waziristan at Wana on Thursday, the Governor also declared to up-grade the
Degree College for Boys at Wana to Postgraduate level and said that the project
will be launched during the current year.

While mentioning the completion of Wana to Angoor Adda International highway and
a number of ongoing developmental projects in the agency, the Governor further
observed that all these measures on part of the government are in fact the
acknowledgement of the role and contribution of the tribes of the area which
they have made in restoration of law and order in the area.

If this state of mutual respect and cooperation and support on part of tribes
will continued, he added, the day is not far away when this area will be at the
leading position as the mainstream development partner in development and
prosperity of the country.

Engineer Shaukatullah who has earlier attended the Ist Convocation of the Cadet
College, Wana as its chief guest, also realized the tribal elders that the
graduates of the institution will Inshaullah be the leaders of their respective
disciplines at the national level in future. MNA from South Waziristan, Mr.
Ghalib Khan, Principal Secretary to Governor, Mr. Muhammad Abid Majeed who also
looks after Education sector in FATA and the Political Agent of South Waziristan
Agency, Mr. Islamzeb Khan were also present on this occasion.

Referring to the demands put forward by a prominent tribal elder of the agency,
Malik Muhammad Ajmal Khan, the Governor pointed out that he is keenly interested
in socio-economic development oriented projects of the agency and he will
shortly examine the pace of progress on the ongoing projects of Small dams which
are under construction through FATA Development Authority.

Simultaneously, he added, efforts will also be continued to manage funds for
launching more similar projects, subject to their feasibility, he said. Talking
on another point, the Governor said, 80% work on construction of electricity
transmission line from Gomalzam Dam Project to Wana as well as Wana Grid Station
has already been completed and on their completion, the people of the area will
get dual lines in meeting their requirements.

He also reminded the tribal elders that the employees of WAPDA engaged in
construction of Gomal Zam Project who were kidnapped sometime back are yet to be
recovered and there is a need that the tribes of the agency should also extend
helping hand more effectively in making their safe return possible.

The Governor also highly eulogized the role and contribution of 120 members
Peace Committee of Wana and expressed the confidence that it will meet with
success in future too. He also assured every possible support to the committee
in future as well.

Responding to another demand, the Governor further pointed out that construction
projects of Institute of Technical Training and a sports stadium have already
been launched at Wana and assured to make their timely completion possible.

While referring to the demand for launching more similar projects, the Governor
also pointed out that now when the IDPs have already returned to their native
places, it is also collective responsibility of all of us to come forward and
help them in their early rehabilitation. The Government, he added, on its part
is doing its best in this respect and there is a need that the tribal people
should also mutually share their role effectively in this respect.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Education Expo by Jang Media Group draws crowds

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that socio-economic
development was not possible without the restoration of peace in the country,
particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.

The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education. He said such activities would help the students to
attain knowledge.

Earlier, the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education
Expo-2015.He also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading
universities and academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave
away souvenirs to the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Education Expo by Jang Media Group draws crowds

LENGTH: 421  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that socio-economic
development was not possible without the restoration of peace in the country,
particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.



The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education. He said such activities would help the students to
attain knowledge.

Earlier, the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education
Expo-2015.He also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading
universities and academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave
away souvenirs to the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Jang Media Group Education Expo draws crowds

LENGTH: 421  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Governor Sardar Mahtab Ahmad Khan on Tuesday said that socio-economic
development was not possible without the restoration of peace in the country,
particularly in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

"Restoring peace is not possible without educating the youth and this is reason
that the government is spending huge funds on education, particularly in the
tribal belt," he said while addressing as chief guest at the Education-Expo 2015
here.



The governor inaugurated the event organised by the Jang Media Group.Maintaining
that the people of Fata were talented, the governor called upon the public and
private academic institutions to play a proactive role in educating the youth in
the tribal areas.

He said the government had also increased scholarships for the students from
Fata. "All possible measures are being taken to equip the tribal youth with
academic know-how," he pointed out. He said peace in the country was linked to
stability in Fata.

Sardar Mahtab said Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had been facing terrorism for the last 10
years. He added the tribal people had played a key role in wiping out terrorism.
"They [tribal people] offered a lot of sacrifices and faced difficulties in the
war on terror along with the Pakistan Army jawans," the governor said.

Appreciating the Jang Media Group management for arranging such a successful
expo, the governor said that seminars and programmes were necessary for the
development of education.

He said such activities would help the students to attain knowledge. Earlier,
the governor cut the ribbon and formally inaugurated the Education Expo-2015.He
also visited the stalls arranged by students of the leading universities and
academic institutions throughout the country. Later, he gave away souvenirs to
the participants of the expo.

The governor was also presented shield by the organisers of the exhibition. The
expo was also attended by vice-chancellors of the leading universities, faculty
members and a large number of students.

"Such events are necessary to guide the students. We are thankful to the
management for organising the expo," said a student, Inam Khan.The students
thronged the venue and appreciated the efforts of the organisers.

"We have been organising the expo for the last five years to facilitate the
students of this region to choose their career," said Muhammad Haroon, Senior
Manager Marketing and Advertisement, Jang Group in Peshawar.He said the Jang
Media Group was committed to promoting education in the country and education
expo was one of the initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

HEC proposes Rs25 billion to run its ongoing, new initiatives for fiscal 2016-17

BYLINE: Myra Imran

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 35

LENGTH: 1012  words


Higher Education Commission (HEC) has proposed an amount of Rs25 billion for
financial year 2016-17 to run its ongoing and new initiatives in line with
Vision 2025 and government of Pakistan priorities.

The information made part of the draft PSDP 2016-17 proposal shared in National
Assembly Standing Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training held
in HEC secretariat on Wednesday. The Committee was briefed in detail by
Chairperson HEC Professor Dr Mukhtar Ahmed about the current projects and future
plans of HEC.

The committee, chaired by Colonel (r) Dr Amirullah Marwat was briefed on
allocation grants to public and private sector during 2015-16, proposed
development projects of HEC in the PSDP for financial year 2016-17, Prime
Minister Fee Reimbursement scheme for backward districts, overseas scholarship
schemes and steps taken for promotion of higher education in FATA. Minister of
State for Federal Education Baleegh-ur-Rehman and HEC Chairman Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed
also attended the meeting.

The committee was informed that HEC received Rs70.98 billion as regular grant
and Rs12.91 as additional funding from the government in the financial year
2015-16. An additional funding of Rs10.600 billion was allocated for Prime
Minister Lap Top scheme whereas Rs1.8 billion for Prime Minister Tuition Fee
Reimbursement Scheme. Under recurring Grant, 68 per cent of funds were
distributed to provincial HEIs, 17 per cent to national research and other
programmes and 15 per cent to federal HEIs.

He said during 2015-16, Rs2,000 million were allocated for promotion of
research, Rs3,000 million for tenure track system, Rs625 million for Pakistan
Education and Research Network, Rs935 million for Digital Library, Rs650 million
for Inter University Academic Activities, Rs450 million for Technical Assistance
for Capacity Building, Rs598 million for different university programmes, in
addition to Rs42.2 billion recurring grant for different categories of
universities, including engineering, medical, agriculture, general, etc.

Dr Mukhtar shared that there are total 135 higher education institutions (HEIs)
in the country including 85 universities, 12 Center of Excellence, 12 Area or
Pakistan Study Centers and 26 other institutions with total enrolment of 643600
students.

Referring to the outcome of Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the chairman said that
scheme covers tuition fee, admission, laboratory, registration, examination,
library, and research related expenditure for MS/MPhil and PhD studies. He said
that initially 59 districts were covered under the scheme, while currently
students from 114 districts are benefitting from this initiative, adding that a
total of 94,751 students have so far benefitted. Areas included under the Scheme
are all districts of Balochistan, whole of FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, Southern
Punjab, Interior Sindh, and selected districts of Punjab, KPK and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir.

Terming HEC's overseas scholarship scheme for MS/ MPhil and PhD a flagship
programme, Dr. Mukhtar said that since its inception in 2002, the Commission has
initiated various HRD scholarship programmes from undergraduate to PhD and
post-doctorate level for development of human resource in different fields for
socio-economic development of Pakistan. He said that total 8787 overseas
scholarships were awarded to Pakistani students with 59 per cent of them
belonging to less developed areas. He said that there are 60 defaulters of these
scholarships. Among 40,000 total faculty members of HEIs, he shared that only
10,000 are PhD. According to world standards, we are still short of 30,000 PhDs
in our higher education institutions, he said.

Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed underscored the scope of Aghaz Haqooq-e-Balochistan Package
and said that 600 scholarships including 200 overseas and 400 indigenous are
being awarded to students from all districts of Balochistan. He said that HEC is
taking stringent steps for promotion of higher education in Federally
Administered Tribal Areas, including establishment of a university. He said that
HEC scholarships are awarded in accordance with the quota prescribed by the
Government of Pakistan.

He added that specific programmes have been initiated for students hailing from
less developed areas of the country. He said that HEC is encouraging
universities through various initiatives to promote a research culture in the
country. He maintained that different measures are afoot to strengthen
academia-industry linkages so as to derive outcome of research carried out in
universities.

The chairman also informed the committee about proposal of building a fund for
promotion of research entitled 'Change Maker' specifically for research on novel
ideas to provide solutions. Highlighting the importance of commercialization of
research, the Chairman said that Offices of Research, Innovation and
Commercialization (ORICs) established in many universities are playing their due
role to market research of faculty and students.

Answering to different questions raised by the committee members, Dr Mukhar said
that there are 9 universities in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa without regular vice
chancellors. He said that he has raised the concern before the KPK government
and it has been ensured that Vice Chancellors will be hired in next two weeks.
The chairperson said that in the follow up of Prime Minister directives to reach
every district of Pakistan, HEC is in constant negotiations with the Provincial
Higher Education Commissions.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Amirullah Marwat assured HEC of their complete
support. He also assured HEC of their support to take action against illegal
campuses of universities so that future of students could be safeguarded. He
directed the HEC for releasing parent and student alerts after every three
months to inform the masses about illegal universities, their campuses and
programmes.

Other members of the committee who attended the meeting included MNA Muhammad
Nazir Khan, MNA Dr. Zulfiqar Ali Bhatti, MNA Shaista Pervaiz, MNA Amra Khan, MNA
Surriya Asghar, and MNA Dr. Imran Khattak.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved

                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 532  words


DURHAM

Residents of Durham public housing units will receive free access to high-speed
broadband through a nationwide initiative that will impact 275,000 households.

U.S. Housing and Urban Development Department secretary Julián Castro visited
the T.A. Grady Recreation Center to make the announcement Thursday and said the
ConnectHome initiative will provide about 2,000 households here with access to
Google Fiber.

"No child should ever be held back at the starting line of life, and our work
together will allow students to get off to a running start," he said. "We
believe that these efforts are critical because right now less than half, half
of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription."

Google Fiber will provide the households with free monthly service and free
installation, and while that's a "bold commitment," it's important because
affordability matters, said Erica Swanson, the company's head of community
impact programs.

Swanson said approximately 25 percent of households in the Triangle area do not
have home Internet access and this initiative will help close the digital
divide.

Durham was one of 27 cities and one tribal community to receive access through
the initiative, which President Obama announced Wednesday.

ConnectHome is part of Obama's ConnectED initiative to connect 99 percent of
K-12 students to high-speed Internet in classrooms and libraries over the next
five years, according to a White House release, and the public and private
sectors have

see connect/page a2

invested more than $260 billion in new broadband infrastructure since 2008.

Dallas Parks, CEO of the Durham Housing Authority, said ConnectHome will be a
nice component in addition to a 21 Century Community Learning Center grant in
helping children living in public housing units prepare for technology jobs.

"We have about 5.3 million jobs that require tech skils ... and these jobs, in
Silicon Valley, pay between $85,000 and $90,000 per year," Parks said. "If
you're a 20-year-old with two years of education at the community college
level...then you can get a lot of money at an early age and support a family,
however, you need to acquire those skills."

In addition to broadband access, the initiative will also offer technical
training, digital literacy programs and devices for residents in assisted
housing units.

While Google Fiber will be providing free broadband to recipients in Durham,
Atlanta, Kansas City and Nashville, other broadband providers with provide the
service in remaining cities, sometimes with monthly fees.

The service will coincide with Google Fiber bringing its 1-gigabit service to
the Triangle.

The company is installing some 5,700 miles of fiber-optic cable throughout
Durham, Chapel Hill, Carrboro, Raleigh, Cary, Garner and Morrisville.

"(Durham) is fast becoming the entrepreneurial place of the South and there's
certainly no reason in that type of environment we shouldn't be implementing
HomeConnect, and we're going to do that," Mayor Bill Bell said. "We've been very
fortunate in this community and we do a lot of things through public-private
partnerships (and) this is another great example of that."

Follow Alex Dixon on Twitter @amdixon7

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Origins and Migration of the Maori People

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: Kalispell


Kalispell Area Chamber of Commerce, U.S Government has issued the following
event detail:

FVCC Fulbright Scholar-in-Residence Karl Rangikawhiti Leonard will present the
origins and migrations of the Maori cosmos and carving and clothing of the Maori
people.

Flathead Valley Community College Fulbright Scholar-in-Residence Karl
Rangikawhiti Leonard will continue his popular Maori lecture series with a
three-part presentation on New Zealand's Maori people this spring.  The Maoris
are the Polynesian indigenous people of New Zealand whose culture is still an
integral part of New Zealand life today.

Leonard arrived at FVCC last fall from Ngongoth[#x101], Rotorua, New Zealand,
through a Fulbright Foundation grant awarded to the college.  Leonard holds a
master's degree in Maori language and management and brings a lifetime of
experience in traditional Maori art forms including weaving, carving, and dance.

The lecture series will open February 21 with Leonard's presentation on the
origins and migrations of the Maori cosmos and carving and clothing of the Maori
people.  On March 14, Leonard will discuss Maori wars and history.  The series
will conclude April 18 with Leonard's presentation on living as Maori in today's
world which will include an overview of education, politics, social and economic
development and tribal initiatives of the Maori people.

Open to the public, all lectures will begin at 6 p.m. and will be held in the
large community meeting room inside the Arts and Technology Building on the
college's campus.

For more information, contact the FVCC Multicultural Affairs Office at 756-3945
or at mstembor@fvcc.edu

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Students of Wafaq-ul-Madraris visit AIOU

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 207

LENGTH: 629  words


Students of Wafaqul Madrass have welcomed the government's decision of
facilitating them to get qualified their compulsory subjects from Allama Iqbal
Open University (AIOU) for equivalence of their B.A. level degrees.

The students' representatives during a meeting held here on Tuesday thanked the
Vice Chancellor Prof. Dr. Shahid Siddiqui for his support in providing them
cost-effective educational facilities to qualify the compulsory subjects
including English, Pakistan Students and Islamiyat.

They visited the University along with other delegates of Pakistan US Alumni
Network (PUAN) International Conference and lauded its learning system that
mainly benefits the people from remote regions, particularly females.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui briefed them about the University's educational facilities
being offered to religious institutions. The students could enroll themselves
with AIOU for the study of compulsory subjects.

The decision to this effect was taken at a meeting held here last week under the
chairmanship of Minister of State for Education Mohammad Balighur Rehman in
presence of representatives of Wafaq-ul-Madaris and Higher Education Commission.

It was agreed that that every possible support including books and tutorial
workshops will be provided by the AIOU to the enrolled students.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui said the seminaries' students will be facilitated in the
admission and examination process. They will support the initiative being
carried out by the government for Madaris reforms so as to bring them into
mainstream.

The fee structure for the students of Madaris will be normal as per AIOU's
policy. The needy students will be provided financial assistance in shape of
scholarships as well. Text books and tutorial support will be provided by the
University.

He hoped that thousands of students of  Wafaq-ul-Madaris will take benefit of
these arrangements.

The AIOU will be starting its new admission from August one, and these students
could avail the opportunity to take the admission in their relevant programs.

The delegates including from regional countries showed keen interest in the
University's education system and noted that it had major contribution in
enhancing literacy and coping with the educational needs of drop-out students.

Dr. Shahid Siddiqui while welcoming the delegates said that the University was
focusing on meaningful education and applied research that benefit the society
and help to address the country's socio-economic problems.

They, he said feel excited that major chunk of their enrolled students are
females, mostly from far-flung areas including those from tribal regions who
otherwise could not join formal education due to social and financial
constraints.

A number of female students from tribal regions who were present on the occasion
acknowledged the University's leading role in meeting their educational needs at
their door-steps.

He also highlighted the financial support being extended to IDPs' students,
physically handicapped and those affected by natural disaster. Scholarships
amounting to around Rs. 12 million are being offered annually to the deserving
students.

The University, he added is also providing free education to marginalized
section of the society, including prisoners and disabled persons. As a goodwill
gesture towards visually impaired students, an 'Accessibility Center' has been
set up at the University's main Campus to facilitate them in their educational
pursuits.

Head of International collaboration exchange office Zahid Majeed briefed the
delegates about academic programs being offered by the University to foreign
students. Dr. Afshan Huma Alumni Puan hoped that their collaborative partnership
will pave the way of enhancing educational facilities for deprived section of
the society.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 12, 2005 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Tribe gets place on lake;
Coeur d'Alenes plan to use Camp Larson;
to improve education of tribal children

BYLINE: Shawn Vestal / Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 700 words

DATELINE: WORLEY, Idaho


For more than a century, everybody but the Coeur d'Alene Tribe got their piece
of Lake Coeur d'Alene's shore.

Now the Coeur d'Alenes have gotten a piece back - 36 acres and 700 feet where
the land meets the water.

"We have returned," said Felix Aripa, a longtime tribal elder. "We're stepping
on our soil again."

On Wednesday, the tribe celebrated the purchase of Camp Larson, a longtime
Washington State University facility for disabled children that the school sold
to the Coeur d'Alenes for $1 million.

The tribe plans to use the land to launch a program with WSU for tutoring,
teacher recruitment and other efforts designed to improve education for tribal
children. Among the initiatives will be scholarship programs to WSU for Coeur
d'Alene students - no tribal member is currently enrolled at the school,
officials said.

"We see it as a model that might allow us and others to create a cutting-edge
partnership with other tribes," said WSU Provost Bob Bates, who will oversee the
collaboration for the university.

The Cottonwood Bay land is among the tribe's first purchases of waterfront
property on the lake, which was the center of the Coeur d'Alenes' lives for
generations before the westward expansion of the United States drove tribes from
ancestral lands.

"The Coeur d'Alene Tribe did not leave our lake behind," said Francis SiJohn,
vice chairman of the tribe. "We did not abandon our lake."

Aripa said the land was used as a place to drive game for easier hunting, and
that the lake and rivers in the area were crucial to the tribe's lives.

"That was our livelihood, because all the animals would come down to this area,"
he said.

By the time WSU professor Roger Larson bought the land, the Coeur d'Alenes had
been separated from it for a couple of decades. Larson and some other professors
bought the camp in the 1950s and sold it to WSU as a summer retreat, primarily
for children with disabilities.

In recent years, however, the school has had less use for the property, and
paying for upkeep became more costly, said Greg Royer, WSU's vice president for
business affairs.

Royer said it would have cost about $5 million to bring camp facilities,
including a mess hall and 25 other buildings, up to government standards.

The school decided to sell. The scarce and highly desirable lakefront parcel
could easily have landed in other hands. Interested parties included resort
developers and a couple of Seattle doctors looking for lake homes, Royer said.
But when the tribe's interest became known, university officials took immediate
notice.

"We just thought it was the right thing to do to get it back in the hands of the
Coeur d'Alene Tribe," Royer said.

The deal was pulled together last fall, and school and tribal officials have
been developing a plan for educational programs at the camp. In addition to
spending $1 million for the land, the tribe will spend that much again over the
next five years on the educational programs.

To begin, the tribe and university will assess the education needs of the tribe
and develop specialized tutoring. Youth sports programs, WSU scholarships for
tribal students, teacher recruitment and cultural sensitivity workshops are all
part of the plan now, according to the tribe.

Activities will begin this summer, and the tribe and university will review the
programs over time, said Marjorie Zarate, director of education for the Coeur
d'Alene Tribe. Tribal officials don't yet know what the camp will be called.

About 100 people gathered at the camp Wednesday to celebrate the announcement,
which was punctuated with drumming and songs, a prayer and presentations from
the tribe and WSU.

"I want to express our delight that we were able to work out an agreement where
these ancestral lands are now returned to the Coeur d'Alenes," said WSU
President Lane Rawlins. "The Creator was good to this spot of land."

During his prayer at the ceremony, Cliff SiJohn said that more than 100 years
ago, the Coeur d'Alenes had camps all around the lake, which had sustained them
"for generation upon generation upon generation."

"We bathed our babies in the morning in the water," he said. Now, "we will be
able to bathe our babies in these waters again."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday

FDLTCC, Sappi sign job skills partnership

BYLINE: Wendy Johnson, The Pine Journal, Cloquet, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


Feb. 21--"You only know what you know," stated Sappi finishing engineer Tom
Westerback during remarks at the signing of a special cooperative job training
agreement at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College (FDLTCC) last Friday.

Westerback went on to make the point that merely settling for "what you know" is
no longer an option in today's competitive workforce. He explained that for many
years, most people in this area operated on the belief that there would always
be jobs at the local paper mill -- and that there would always be enough workers
to fill those jobs.

"Over the last few years, however," Westerback stated, "the mill can't find
enough workers with the kind of electrical or instrumentation skills we need.
Add to that the massive retirements we're facing [with the aging of the Baby
Boomer generation], and we no longer have the workforce to man the jobs."

Westerback was one of the guest speakers preceding the signing of the landmark
workforce training agreement between Sappi Fine Paper, FDLTCC and the Minnesota
Job Skills Partnership (MJSP). The agreement sets the stage for a cooperative
training effort geared toward increasing the skill level of Sappi's incumbent
and future workforces.

Westerback stated the emerging skill gap at Sappi represented an urgent need
that had to be addressed, so Sappi and FDLTCC joined forces to put together a
request for grant funding through the MJSP. The MJSP offers technical, financial
and job training assistance, bringing together businesses who have specific
education needs with educational institutions that can provide the type of
customized training programs they require.

The resulting $328,180 grant will support a three-year training collaboration
between Sappi, FDLTCC and MJSP. For its part, Sappi will contribute some
$816,000 to the training project, which will provideentry- and advanced-level
training to some 318 current Sappi electricians, technicians and mechanics. With
FDLTCC contributing some $15,000 to the training initiative as well, the total
investment in the new program totals over $1 million.

MJSP Director Paul Moe explained that the Job Skills Partnership was formed 25
years ago, through the efforts of State Senator Bruce Moe, with a few hundred
thousand dollars in state funding. Since that time, he said it has grown to
include some $7 million in base funding, with the minimum one-to-one required
match often leveraging the investment to more than twice that amount.

Speaker Richard Tvedten, director of customized training and continuing
education for the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system, said the
manufacturing skills provided through the newly forged training partnership will
also be available to other manufacturers and their employees, and added the
group will be partnering with Cloquet High School as well in providing welding
training through the program.

Although the majority of the training will take place in Sappi's newly created
technical training center classroom and shop floor settings, the welding
training will take place at the fully equipped welding lab at the high school.

"It will expose younger students to skills development, guide them in the
direction of more viable wages and aid in college recruitment," Tvedten
commented.

Specific training areas to be addressed in the upcoming initiative will include
instrumentation skills, industrial rigging, fluid power and welding.

Instrumentation skills improvement training will enhance technicians' ability to
maintain, troubleshoot and correct operating problems on instrumentation
equipment, and industrial rigging training will do the same for those working
with mechanical equipment.

Fluid power training will be geared toward helping mechanics identify common
failures and reduce potential system failures, and welding training will provide
workers with core competencies, paving the way for some who demonstrate strong
aptitudes to progress through advanced welding training.

The new program has been endorsed by the SEIU-NCFO (National Conference of
Firemen & Oilers) Local 939.

"I see this as a big deal for our community," Westerback summed up. "We are all
in this together. It's all about education, and it has the potential to be a big
win for everybody. I am totally confident that we can pull this off and be
successful."

Pine Journal Publisher/ reporter Wendy Johnson can be contacted at:
wjohnson@pinejournal.com

To see more of The Pine Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.cloquetmn.com/journal/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Pine Journal,
Cloquet, Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080221-CQ-FDLTCC-Sappi-sign-job-skills-partnership-0221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CQ


                        Copyright 2008 The Pine Journal

                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           September 17, 2012  Monday

Archaeologists Uncover Markers of an 'Extinct' Ancient Tribe on Contested Land

BYLINE: Peter Monaghan

SECTION: RESEARCH; Faculty

LENGTH: 1602  words

DATELINE: Slocan, British Columbia

ABSTRACT

The Canadian government deemed them vanished in 1961. Now an archaeologist,
working with their descendants, studies how the Indians might have used their
ancient land.

FULL TEXT

Here on the banks of the Slocan River, it takes imagination to envision the 32
domed, earth-covered pit-houses that constituted a village 3,000 years ago.

Little more than concave indentations now mark where they stood. Nathan Goodale
is standing beside one that is some 75 feet across, as big, he says, as the
pit-houses got in the interior Northwest. It was dug in 12 feet, and would have
stood 25 feet tall at its center.

"It dates to about 2,700 years ago," says Mr. Goodale, an assistant professor of
anthropology at Hamilton College, who has explored the village site for a
decade. The houses featured large upright support posts, met by others laid from
the houses' rims, with smaller logs completing the ceiling before a roof of
earth covered the whole.

"That would have made it virtually waterproof," Mr. Goodale tells the four
students who have accompanied him and two faculty colleagues here this past
summer.

Every year, Mr. Goodale, Hamilton colleagues, and students come west with vans
and jeeps from Upstate New York. Every other year, but not this one, they lead a
dozen students and graduate assistants from Hamilton and Selkirk College, a
community college near the site, in archaeology field schools. Among other
goals, they hope to determine whether the villagers who settled here were Sinixt
(pronounced Sin-eye-ixt) people, members of what has often been called the Arrow
Lakes Indian Band. Most of them now live on the Colville Reservation, in
Washington State, but claim this valley as ancestral territory.

If it was their land, that would help settle the contentious question of which
indigenous group has the legal right to negotiate in commercial deals that the
provincial and federal governments make with mining and logging companies. It
would also bear out many tribal historical convictions, and confirm academic
hunches.

A small group of activists has occupied a site near the dig since 1985, and has
fought several lawsuits on heritage and environmental grounds, lately calling on
Mr. Goodale to provide evidence from his research.

He has testified that the depth of the pit-houses, the kinds of tool-making, and
the funerary sites uncovered indicate that the Sinixt, rather than other tribes,
were here long ago.

Gone South

Working since 2000 from one rustic cabin and a tent encampment, originally as a
graduate student at the University of Montana and then Washington State
University, Mr. Goodale, along with colleagues and students, has lent weight to
a hypothesis: Villagers resided here in the winter and spring, then ventured out
on foot or in sturgeon-nosed canoes to harvest salmon, bull trout, and other
fish; to gather sweet, nutty Saskatoon berries, three-fingered sarsaparilla, and
purple clusters of Oregon grape; and to hunt. In historical times, he says, "the
Arrow Lakes Indians-the Sinixt-were famous for game drives of deer from up on
the valley sides, down to the water where they would meet their fate."

That they also took muskrats, turtles, beavers, and freshwater mussels is
evident from waste that the Hamilton party has found by painstakingly removing
soil from pit-house sites, most much smaller than 75 feet across. That also
reveals the dwellings' work and sleeping areas, and hearths.

On this trip, the group is trying to determine where the Sinixt obtained raw
materials for their tools.

In a nearby replica pit-house, the students also hear from modern-day Sinixts
about the bitter fate of the tribe, and of hostility they still meet in the
complex, contentious politics among several tribes vying to negotiate what
government officials permit on the land.

For modern-day Sinixts, advocating for that right is difficult, given that the
last member of the Sinixt band, according to Canadian law, died in 1956. And,
after the Canadian and United States governments signed the Columbia River
Treaty in 1961 on the use of dammed waters of the river, the Canadian government
declared the band extinct, saying all its members had moved south of the border.

Most indeed had-to the hard-scrabble, diseased Colville Reservation, to which an
1872 executive order by President Ulysses S. Grant had dispatched 12
tribes-among them the Sinixt, Nez Perce, Wenatchi, and Nespelem.

Some 600 Sinixt remain there. But north of the border, where the Sinixt claim 80
percent of their ancestral territory lies, trouble came in the form of a
railroad, new settlers, and hydroelectric and other dams that now number 450 on
the Columbia and its tributaries between here and the Pacific Ocean at the
Oregon-Washington border, some 600 miles away. That development disrupted
villages and grave sites-desecrated them, in the Sinixt view. Now, increased
sediment load is backing up even the undammed Slocan River. Mr. Goodale's team
feels a sense of urgency about its project, he says, because development and
other disruptions in the rising river may soon wash away archaeological
evidence.

Some Sinixts have come north of the border to fight for recognition in lawsuits
against the Canadian and British Columbian governments and organizations, and
against mining and logging companies. They speak of 4,000 years of habitation in
the upper Columbia River drainage basin, a claim the archaeologists consider
justified.

Stories in Stones

On a hot summer day, as the researchers whack rocks with hammers to take
samples, the air is shockingly fresh and sweet amid a dense green pall of
Douglas fir, lodgepole pine, western hemlock, red cedar, trembling aspen. The
river chatters by, fed by runoff from the mountains to the north, east, and
west. Branches and leaves rustle loudly. A bald eagle soars.

One of three students preparing a senior thesis, Adrien Hilmy, a lanky senior
from Corpus Christi, Texas, is taking sediment samples from the pit-houses and
comparing them to sediment samples taken off site. He wants to see whether
phosphorous levels are elevated at times when the researchers think Sinixt were
living there.

Pointing to rock chips lying in the fire pit of one pit-house, Alissa Nauman, a
visiting instructor of anthropology at Hamilton and Mr. Goodale's wife, says
that their location indicates that the Sinixt sharpened their tools indoors.
Looking on is Catherine Prescott, who graduated in the spring and is studying
stone tools while working as a consultant with the Digital Humanities Initiative
at Hamilton, of which the Sinixt project is one component. Examining the
chemical signatures of samples, she has concluded that rocks came from multiple
locations, presumably in the area. Still to be determined is how the rocks would
have been discovered and obtained-that would allow the researchers to deduce how
looking for the stones might have fit in with other tribal activities.

In various ways, the Hamilton party's projects are futuristic, even as they
delve far into the past. "The rocks we're interested in, their crystals are
incredibly small," says David Bailey, an associate professor of geoscience at
Hamilton, peering through one with a monocular magnifier. He is looking for
glassy volcanic rocks with sufficiently fine crystals that they can break
cleanly, as tool-making requires. Speeding the process, these days, is the
portable X-ray-fluorescence spectrometer, which excites electrons in assayed
materials to determine their chemical composition.

Also handy are iPad-mounted programs that permit quick recording of data
relating to geological samples-rock types, descriptions of locations, even
photographs of them-all automatically stored and uploadable to global databases.
"Mobile devices are going to have a big impact on the way we do fieldwork and
collect data," says Mr. Goodale. They certainly beat recording the old-fashioned
way: Decades ago, government geologists scrambled up riverbeds here to
considerable heights, with pencil and notebooks in their kits.

Buried Upright

The Hamilton project also includes a digital database of cultural and linguistic
information and various other means of preserving Sinixt heritage, and plans to
digitize historical and ethnographic records. Max Lopez, a rising sophomore from
Montclair, N.J., is creating a three-dimensional, virtual-reality model of a
Sinixt pit-house, using video-game programs. And Mr. Goodale and colleagues,
together with Sinixt activists, have just completed a half-hour film, A Journey
Upstream: the Past and Present of an 'Extinct' People.

Among its subjects is the unusual way the Sinixt buried their dead, in a manner
rare or perhaps even unique among native peoples of the interior Northwest:
about 10 feet deep, in an upright, fetal position, sometimes achieved by
cracking the body's pelvis. The living placed their dead in cedar baskets and
covered graves with red ocher, moss, and cedar bark. As the Hamilton researchers
and students can observe, walking about the area, corpses were positioned
looking south on bluffs above rivers, or toward valleys-or, in the case of
visitors from neighboring bands, toward home.

In this arboreal rainforest, the freshwater mussels and wild ginger that Sinixt
staples are now rare, the once-profuse salmon are gone. If Mr. Goodale and his
team are successful, the imprint of the Sinixt will last longer.

Correction (9/18/2012, 11:54 a.m.): This article originally misidentified one of
the universities where Mr. Goodale was a graduate student. It was the University
of Montana, not Montana State University. The article has been updated to
reflect this correction.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marilyn James, spokeswoman for the Sinixt First Nation, discusses the
use of grinding stones and plant foods by her people in the past. She is among
the activists who hope Hamilton College anthropologists can prove Sinixt claims
to ancestral territory in British Columbia.
Courtesy of Nathan Goodale
Reviving British Columbia's 'Extinct' Sinixt Band 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday

Lawrence rates stop on tour for environmental, Indian concerns: Scholars
crossing country on biodiesel bus to find solutions to problems

BYLINE: Karrey Britt, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Jul. 11--A group of 20-somethings visited Lawrence's two universities Tuesday to
learn about how they are addressing environmental and American Indian issues.

They are on a two-month Udall Legacy Bus Tour that started in Washington, D.C.,
and will end Aug. 4 in Tucson, Ariz. The tour was organized by the Morris K.
Udall Foundation, a federal agency that awards scholarships for studies related
to the environment, American Indian public policy and health care.

"The purpose of the tour is to highlight people who are finding solutions to
pressing environmental and Native American issues," said Eli Zigas,
communications manager.

He and other tour members seemed to be impressed with what they saw in Lawrence.

"It was an eye-opening experience," he said of learning about the history of
Haskell Indian Nations University. While at Haskell, the group toured the campus
and Cultural Center & Museum. The 13 former Udall scholars -- who are from
different parts of the country -- also learned about a shelter made of
switchgrass.

"It demonstrated how to use native plants to build a structure that would last a
long time," Zigas said.

The group also visited the Baker Wetlands and Kansas University, where they
learned about its efforts to generate fuel from cafeteria waste. Zigas said the
group saw a similar initiative at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn., but
didn't think it had the same support as KU's.

"Seeing what an institution can do -- when you have that support to move an
initiative -- was beneficial," Zigas said. "I would love to hear how it ends up
in a couple years."

The group also toured the environmentally friendly Ad Astra Student Cooperative
House, 1033 Ky., and ate lunch at Ecumenical Christian Ministries, 1204 Oread
Ave., where no paper products were used and the meal was made of locally grown
products. The group also ate at Local Burger, a downtown restaurant that
specializes in locally grown, organic meats and produce.

Zigas, a 2006 Grinnell College graduate who interned with the Union of Concerned
Scientists, said he is passionate about local food. He is looking forward to a
stop in Montana, where the group will compare the food programs at the
University of Montana to those of the tribal

college of Salish Kootenai College; both use locally grown products.

"What I am really excited to look at is the difference in motivation," he said.
"Is it for taste? Is it for economics? Is it for the environment? Is it for
cultural reasons?"

Udall scholars hope to spread the word about what they are learning by riding on
the first green-certified motorcoach that runs on 20 percent biodiesel and 80
percent ultra-low-sulfur diesel. The bus, which is covered in green and yellow
leaves, markets the group's Web site, www.udall.gov, where the participants are
posting blogs about their experiences.

"We hear about all of the problems on Native American and environmental issues
but don't hear as often about the solutions," Zigas said. "Hopefully, we can
communicate and give a sense of optimism that there really are great things
going on and things being done by young people to address these issues."

Bob Filbin, a Colgate University graduate who works for Oregon's Zero Waste
Alliance, said he couldn't pass up the tour.

"A lot of what I am learning here will help me to inform the organizations that
I am working with," he said.

To see more of the Journal-World, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ljworld.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070711-LW-0711-Lawrence-rates-stop-on-tour-for-environmental-Indian-concerns

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2007 Journal-World

                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Obama's Boys of Color Initiative Spawns New Nonprofit

BYLINE: Evie Blad, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


May 13--President Barack Obama unveiled last week the My Brother's Keeper
Alliance, an independent, business-backed nonprofit that will allow him to
continue his work addressing barriers for boys and young men of color after he
leaves the White House.

"I notice we don't always get a lot of reporting on this issue when there's not
a crisis in some neighborhood," he said, referring to recent unrest in Baltimore
and discussions about race and justice that have followed.

"But we're just going to keep on plugging away," Mr. Obama said at Lehman
College in the Bronx, N.Y. "And this will remain a mission for me and for
Michelle not just for the rest of my presidency, but for the rest of my life."

The new venture will build off the president's My Brother's Keeper initiative,
which launched in 2014. The White House will continue its equity efforts while
President Obama remains in office, and the new nonprofit will operate
independent of his control, White House officials said.

The alliance--backed by 11 corporations including Sam's Club, American Express,
Pepsico, and bet--has so far secured $85 million in commitments, the
organization said. Its advisory council includes civil rights advocates,
celebrities, and Obama allies like former Attorney General Eric Holder, former
Secretary of State Colin Powell, PolicyLink Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Angela Glover Blackwell, and former NBA star Shaquille O'Neal.

A 'Playbook'

The group's first initiatives are a "playbook" that provides strategies for the
private sector to address "key obstacles facing young men of color." There will
also be two grant programs initially: one that will provide up to $7 million for
innovative projects, and another to fund up to $25 million for community
projects.

As a White House initiative, My Brother's Keeper has encouraged interagency
efforts, public-private partnerships, and work at the local level to address
issues like disproportionate rates of school discipline for black boys and
mentorship programs.

More than $300 million has now been committed to the White House from the
private sector in grants, in-kind contributions, or other resources, according
to a first year progress report released earlier this year. And more than 200
mayors, tribal chiefs, and county executives from across the country have signed
on to the compact and taken concrete steps to address cradle-to-career
opportunities for boys of color and issues of equity, according to the report.

The president had recently hinted that he would focus on boys of color after he
leaves the White House, including in a meeting with big-city superintendents who
met with him in March to discuss the boys-of-color initiatives in their school
districts.

"I am delighted to see that he is going to stay with this priority," said
Michael Casserly, the executive director of the Council of the Great City
Schools, which represents 67 big-city districts. The council has partnered with
the White House on the initiative.

President Obama has faced criticism that he doesn't speak forcefully enough
about issues related to race. He said he formed My Brother's Keeper after the
death of Trayvon Martin, an unarmed 17-year-old African-American boy who was
shot in Florida in 2012, because the White House wanted boys of color to know
"that we care about your future--not just sometimes, but all the time."

Sustained efforts are needed to help overcome an "accumulation of not just
decades but, in some cases, centuries of trauma" in minority communities, Mr.
Obama said.

"I'm going to keep on fighting," he said, "and everybody here is going to keep
on fighting to make sure that all of our kids have the opportunity to make of
their lives what they will."

Staff writer Denisa R. Superville contributed to this report.

___ (c)2015 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-1ED-Obama-s-Boys-of-Color-Initiative
-Spawns-New-Nonprofit-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2015 Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Utah: Partnerships to Increase Coverage in Communities Initiative

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health
Deadlines  Jun 16, 2014
Contact

Pamela Eason
Phone: 240.453.8444
Email: pamela.eason@hhs.gov
Purpose

The Partnerships to Increase Coverage in Communities Initiative will award
funding to organizations that educate minority underserved populations about
enrollment in the Health Insurance Marketplace and to help them apply for health
insurance coverage.

Grantees must use coalitions and partnership to maximize outreach efforts and
work to distribute CMS or state-developed information about the Health Insurance
Marketplace to hard-to-reach populations, including rural and isolated
communities.

While applicants will use existing CMS and HHS resources, successful applicants
will work to target such materials more effectively in order to provide more
culturally competent services specific to the underserved population. Proposals
should include the development of resources that can be shared with other
assisters, such as Navigators.

Grantees must address:

Access to Care:- The project must include strategies, practices, and
interventions designed to address, develop and/or improve, at minimum, one of
the following:
        Access to health insurance, quality health care and appropriate
utilization of health services
        Health information technology to improve quality of health care
        Health care needs of rural and isolated communities, including emerging
minority communities
    Health Equity: These projects must include strategies, practices, and
interventions designed to address, develop and/or improve, at a minimum, one of
the following:
        Affordable Care Act outreach and education and facilitate enrollment
activities tailored for minority communities and other underserved communities
        Projects that train community health workers and promotores de salud to
conduct Affordable Care Act outreach and education to facilitate enrollment
        Prevention, education and training programs to improve the health of
underserved minority populations
    Evaluation: The applicant is expected to implement an evaluation plan that
will provide data and metrics for future programs

Eligibility  Eligible entities include:

Nonprofit organizations with or without a 501(c)(3) status
    For-profit organizations
    Small, minority, and women-owned businesses
    Colleges and universities
    Research institutions
    Hospitals
    Federally recognized or state-recognized American Indian/Alaska Native
tribal governments
    American Indian/Alaska Native tribally designated organizations
    Alaska Native health corporations
    Urban Indian health organizations
    Tribal epidemiology centers
    State and local governments or their bona fide agents
    Political subdivisions of states

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $2,700,000
Award Ceiling: $250,000
Award Floor: $200,000
Number of Awards: Up to 13
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance webinar will be held on May 28, 2014.
Tagged as  Health insurance and uninsured, Health reform, Minorities

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Partnerships to Increase Coverage in Communities Initiative

LENGTH: 543  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Jun 16, 2014
Contact

Pamela Eason
Phone: 240.453.8444
Email: pamela.eason@hhs.gov
Purpose

The Partnerships to Increase Coverage in Communities Initiative will award
funding to organizations that educate minority underserved populations about
enrollment in the Health Insurance Marketplace and to help them apply for health
insurance coverage.

Grantees must use coalitions and partnership to maximize outreach efforts and
work to distribute CMS or state-developed information about the Health Insurance
Marketplace to hard-to-reach populations, including rural and isolated
communities.

While applicants will use existing CMS and HHS resources, successful applicants
will work to target such materials more effectively in order to provide more
culturally competent services specific to the underserved population. Proposals
should include the development of resources that can be shared with other
assisters, such as Navigators.

Grantees must address:

Access to Care:- The project must include strategies, practices, and
interventions designed to address, develop and/or improve, at minimum, one of
the following:
        Access to health insurance, quality health care and appropriate
utilization of health services
        Health information technology to improve quality of health care
        Health care needs of rural and isolated communities, including emerging
minority communities
    Health Equity: These projects must include strategies, practices, and
interventions designed to address, develop and/or improve, at a minimum, one of
the following:
        Affordable Care Act outreach and education and facilitate enrollment
activities tailored for minority communities and other underserved communities
        Projects that train community health workers and promotores de salud to
conduct Affordable Care Act outreach and education to facilitate enrollment
        Prevention, education and training programs to improve the health of
underserved minority populations
    Evaluation: The applicant is expected to implement an evaluation plan that
will provide data and metrics for future programs

Eligibility  Eligible entities include:

Nonprofit organizations with or without a 501(c)(3) status
    For-profit organizations
    Small, minority, and women-owned businesses
    Colleges and universities
    Research institutions
    Hospitals
    Federally recognized or state-recognized American Indian/Alaska Native
tribal governments
    American Indian/Alaska Native tribally designated organizations
    Alaska Native health corporations
    Urban Indian health organizations
    Tribal epidemiology centers
    State and local governments or their bona fide agents
    Political subdivisions of states

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $2,700,000
Award Ceiling: $250,000
Award Floor: $200,000
Number of Awards: Up to 13
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance webinar will be held on May 28, 2014.
Tagged as  Health insurance and uninsured, Health reform, Minorities

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 26, 2004 Tuesday

OK County DA, two congressmen oppose gambling expansion

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1264 words


Oklahoma County's top law enforcement official and two Republican congressmen
announced their opposition Monday to three lottery and casino gambling
initiatives on the ballot in November.

Oklahoma County District Attorney Wes Lane, U.S. Rep. Ernest Istook, and U.S.
Rep. John Sullivan, urged Oklahomans to oppose passage of State Questions 705,
706, and 712, which would create a state lottery and authorize new types of
casino gambling.

They warned the expansion of gambling authorized by the state questions would
cause a corresponding increase in criminal activity and pathological gambling
problems, particularly among children.

"There's no state questions that have as much potential damage to Oklahoma as
these that would expand gambling in our state," Istook said. "If they are
approved, they will cause permanent harm to the state and the citizens,
especially because gambling preys upon the poorest citizens among us."

The lottery and casino gambling initiatives were major components of Gov. Brad
Henry's agenda during his first two years in office.

A spokesman for the governor said Istook and Lane are mistaken in their belief
that child gambling and criminal activity associated with gambling will increase
if the governor's proposals become law.

"Governor Henry respects Mr. Lane's position, but he disagrees with it,
particularly his contention that these state questions will somehow attract
children to gaming or increase criminal activity," said Paul Sund,
communications director for Henry. "First, Oklahoma already has gambling all
across the state in tribal casinos, bingo halls and pari-mutuel racetracks. If
there are social problems associated with gaming, they are already occurring. A
no vote on State Questions 705, 706 and 712 will not address those problems or
reduce gaming in Oklahoma. A no vote will simply maintain the status quo.

"If the questions are approved, the state will gain some regulatory oversight
over tribal gaming, preserve jobs in the horse industry and produce much-needed
revenues for education. The questions will also generate funds to help
Oklahomans who have compulsive gambling problems.

"Some 40 other states and the District of Columbia currently have lotteries.
There is no evidence that indicates the lotteries have caused major social
problems in those states. That is probably why no state in modern history has
repealed a lottery after enacting it.

"Thousands of Oklahomans are already playing lotteries in surrounding states.
Governor Henry thinks it makes more sense to keep their money at home and give
them an opportunity to invest it in Oklahoma schools."

Although supporters of the initiative have said the lottery and casino gambling
initiatives could generate more than $200 million per year that would go to
public schools, colleges, and a wide range of other education projects, Istook
said the societal costs outweigh the alleged benefits.

"There's a heavy price," Istook said. "The price of greater crime, divorce,
bankruptcy and even - with some people that get trapped in this - suicide."

Istook also noted that Oklahoma may export millions of dollars if the proposals
pass.

"This would cause a lot of money to go out of state," Istook said. "The people
that would be guaranteed to make money off of this are those that sell the
equipment, that sell the lottery tickets, that would have operating agreements
with casinos and so forth - all of which are out-of-state interests. There would
be a lot of money that would be drained from the state by the people that would
be operating these enterprises."

Sullivan raised similar concerns.

"Expanding legalized gambling in Oklahoma, whether by lottery or electronic
gaming, will prove to be a very poor decision," he said. "The social costs of
gambling will all increase just so the state Legislature can spend money that
our citizens lose and all for the profit of out-of-state gambling vendors. Our
government's role is not to promote gambling and that's why I strongly oppose
state questions 705, 706 and 712."

Lane said his opposition was not based on moral or religious concerns, but based
on his concerns about the resulting rise in criminal activity he said
accompanies gambling expansion.

"As a district attorney, I know that anytime you have the expansion of gambling
- and the lottery is gambling - you have a corresponding increase in criminal
activity. Period," Lane said.

He said studies in other states have shown that children illegally play lottery
and casino games when those avenues are available. In Louisiana, he said a
survey of 12,000 youth between age 12 and 18 found that over 80 percent of them
had gambled, "mostly with the lottery and many even in the casinos."

Giving youth easy access to gambling creates other problems down the road, Lane
said, with many of those children becoming problem gamblers.

"How many of these do we want to create in Oklahoma?" Lane said. "The fact is
that a significant percentage of people, children and adults who become
pathological gamblers engage in criminal behavior to support their gambling
addiction. Put simply, they steal."

He predicted a significant increase in the number of problem gamblers in
Oklahoma if the state approves the casino and lottery initiatives.

"One thing we know that we're going to be expanding to is video poker," Lane
said. "Video poker is called the crack cocaine of gaming. It's a highly
addictive game. We know children are going to be doing this."

He said the use of machines that allow faster play causes an increase in wagers,
compounding individual losses and the related societal consequences.

Lane also warned that "riff raff" who "engage in drug dealing, prostitution and
theft" would also be drawn to gambling venues. He said there have already been
"major problems" with "drug dealing and other criminal activity" at some
existing tribal casinos.

Lane said criminals have even evaded local law enforcement officials by running
into tribal casinos where the state officials have no authority.

Supporters of the lottery and proposed casino gambling compacts with tribal
governments have said the money will boost education spending, grant the state
regulatory control of the Indian gaming, and save the horse racing industry by
allowing casinos at tracks to subsidize races.

But Istook and Lane disagreed with most of those assertions. Istook noted that
every expansion of gambling in Oklahoma was originally touted as a way to
increase education funding.

"All of those led to promises that this was going to help education
dramatically," Istook said. "It hasn't happened. I don't think we can expect
this to be a magic-bullet solution either. In fact, it's really interesting to
hear people argue you've got to expand gambling to save gambling at the
racetracks. That really is a very curious way to look at things."

"Don't think I'm unsympathetic to the plight of the horse industry," Lane said.
"What I'm saying is which family is going to offer up their child, saying I'll
let my child become a pathological gambler so that the horse industry does
better. And that's the question: Who wants to offer up their child?"

Istook also said the state will have virtually no regulatory oversight of tribal
gaming under the proposed compacts.

"What really is the oversight rather than a certification that the machines,
such as the slot machine, actually work properly?" Istook said. "As I
understand, there's a real problem that what is being touted as oversight is
extremely, extremely limited in its actual scope."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 26, 2004 Tuesday

OK County DA, two congressmen side against election's gambling questions

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1263 words


Oklahoma County's top law enforcement official and two Republican congressmen
announced their opposition Monday to three lottery and casino gambling
initiatives on the ballot in November.

Oklahoma County District Attorney Wes Lane, U.S. Rep. Ernest Istook and U.S.
Rep. John Sullivan urged Oklahomans to oppose passage of State Questions 705,
706, and 712, which would create a state lottery and authorize new types of
casino gambling.

They warned the expansion of gambling authorized by the state questions would
cause a corresponding increase in criminal activity and pathological gambling
problems, particularly among children.

"There's no state questions that have as much potential damage to Oklahoma as
these that would expand gambling in our state," Istook said. "If they are
approved, they will cause permanent harm to the state and the citizens,
especially because gambling preys upon the poorest citizens among us."

The lottery and casino gambling initiatives were major components of Gov. Brad
Henry's agenda during his first two years in office.

A spokesman for the governor said Istook and Lane are mistaken in their belief
that child gambling and criminal activity associated with gambling will increase
if the governor's proposals become law.

"Governor Henry respects Mr. Lane's position, but he disagrees with it,
particularly his contention that these state questions will somehow attract
children to gaming or increase criminal activity," said Paul Sund,
communications director for Henry. "First, Oklahoma already has gambling all
across the state in tribal casinos, bingo halls and pari-mutuel racetracks. If
there are social problems associated with gaming, they are already occurring. A
no vote on State Questions 705, 706 and 712 will not address those problems or
reduce gaming in Oklahoma. A no vote will simply maintain the status quo.

"If the questions are approved, the state will gain some regulatory oversight
over tribal gaming, preserve jobs in the horse industry and produce much-needed
revenues for education. The questions will also generate funds to help
Oklahomans who have compulsive gambling problems.

"Some 40 other states and the District of Columbia currently have lotteries.
There is no evidence that indicates the lotteries have caused major social
problems in those states. That is probably why no state in modern history has
repealed a lottery after enacting it.

"Thousands of Oklahomans are already playing lotteries in surrounding states.
Governor Henry thinks it makes more sense to keep their money at home and give
them an opportunity to invest it in Oklahoma schools."

Although supporters of the initiative have said the lottery and casino gambling
initiatives could generate more than $200 million per year that would go to
public schools, colleges, and a wide range of other education projects, Istook
said the societal costs outweigh the alleged benefits.

"There's a heavy price," Istook said. "The price of greater crime, divorce,
bankruptcy and even - with some people that get trapped in this - suicide."

Istook also noted that Oklahoma may export millions of dollars if the proposals
pass.

"This would cause a lot of money to go out of state," Istook said. "The people
that would be guaranteed to make money off of this are those that sell the
equipment, that sell the lottery tickets, that would have operating agreements
with casinos and so forth - all of which are out-of-state interests. There would
be a lot of money that would be drained from the state by the people that would
be operating these enterprises."

Sullivan raised similar concerns.

"Expanding legalized gambling in Oklahoma, whether by lottery or electronic
gaming, will prove to be a very poor decision," he said. "The social costs of
gambling will all increase just so the state Legislature can spend money that
our citizens lose and all for the profit of out-of-state gambling vendors. Our
government's role is not to promote gambling and that's why I strongly oppose
state questions 705, 706 and 712."

Lane said his opposition was not based on moral or religious concerns, but based
on his concerns about the resulting rise in criminal activity he said
accompanies gambling expansion.

"As a district attorney, I know that anytime you have the expansion of gambling
- and the lottery is gambling - you have a corresponding increase in criminal
activity. Period," Lane said.

He said studies in other states have shown that children illegally play lottery
and casino games when those avenues are available. In Louisiana, he said a
survey of 12,000 youth between age 12 and 18 found that over 80 percent of them
had gambled, "mostly with the lottery and many even in the casinos."

Giving youth easy access to gambling creates other problems down the road, Lane
said, with many of those children becoming problem gamblers.

"How many of these do we want to create in Oklahoma?" Lane said. "The fact is
that a significant percentage of people, children and adults who become
pathological gamblers engage in criminal behavior to support their gambling
addiction. Put simply, they steal."

He predicted a significant increase in the number of problem gamblers in
Oklahoma if the state approves the casino and lottery initiatives.

"One thing we know that we're going to be expanding to is video poker," Lane
said. "Video poker is called the crack cocaine of gaming. It's a highly
addictive game. We know children are going to be doing this."

He said the use of machines that allow faster play causes an increase in wagers,
compounding individual losses and the related societal consequences.

Lane also warned that "riff raff" who "engage in drug dealing, prostitution and
theft" would also be drawn to gambling venues. He said there have already been
"major problems" with "drug dealing and other criminal activity" at some
existing tribal casinos.

Lane said criminals have even evaded local law enforcement officials by running
into tribal casinos where the state officials have no authority.

Supporters of the lottery and proposed casino gambling compacts with tribal
governments have said the money will boost education spending, grant the state
regulatory control of the Indian gaming, and save the horse racing industry by
allowing casinos at tracks to subsidize races.

But Istook and Lane disagreed with most of those assertions. Istook noted that
every expansion of gambling in Oklahoma was originally touted as a way to
increase education funding.

"All of those led to promises that this was going to help education
dramatically," Istook said. "It hasn't happened. I don't think we can expect
this to be a magic-bullet solution either. In fact, it's really interesting to
hear people argue you've got to expand gambling to save gambling at the
racetracks. That really is a very curious way to look at things."

"Don't think I'm unsympathetic to the plight of the horse industry," Lane said.
"What I'm saying is which family is going to offer up their child, saying I'll
let my child become a pathological gambler so that the horse industry does
better. And that's the question: Who wants to offer up their child?"

Istook also said the state will have virtually no regulatory oversight of tribal
gaming under the proposed compacts.

"What really is the oversight rather than a certification that the machines,
such as the slot machine, actually work properly?" Istook said. "As I
understand, there's a real problem that what is being touted as oversight is
extremely, extremely limited in its actual scope."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

NTS announces scholarships to students of IDS

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 289

LENGTH: 512  words


Largely seen as a gigantic step in nation building process, the National Testing
Service-Pakistan (NTS) announced offering scholarships to talented students of
Internally Displaced Persons (IDS) after the military announced some areas
cleared of militants in the South Waziristan agency---a restive tribal region in
FATA.

In this regard, arrangements have been finalized to hold ceremony for signing of
MoU in Islamabad on October 26, 2015.

Federal Minister for State and Frontier Regions (SAFRON) Gen. (Retd) Abdul Qadir
Baloch will be the chief guest.

Apart from NTS senior officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs)
from South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders will attend the ceremony.

As the importance of education can't be denied in the progress, prosperity and
development of any society. In view of the current situation in parts of tribal
areas, NTS Pakistan in collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA) is
set to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for award of scholarship to the
children of internally displaced persons (IDPs).

NTS is an organization which is well aware of its social responsibilities
towards social and education uplift of society at large and creation of
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) division to help and support the efforts
in improving socio-economic condition of underprivileged, and make Pakistan a
developed economy is testimony to this fact.

Keeping in view that education sector in the tribal areas was in shambles, the
NTS decided to offer scholarship to the displaced kids of the area. We've taken
the initiative to award scholarships to talented students for a better tomorrow.
The scholarships will go a long way to facilitate the poverty-stricken students
who cannot afford to continue their studies because of economic woe after their
displacement, said Dr. Sherzada Khan, NTS Chief Operation Officer.

MWA chairman Rehmat Khan Mehsud while lauding the step taken by NTS Pakistan,
says: I really appreciate the step taken by the NTS to facilitate the deserved
but talented students. It is an admitted fact that education plays a highly
significant role in prosperity of nation and the trend introduced by the NTS
will encourage other organizations to facilitate the deserved segment of
society.

In 2009, Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat (path
to salvation) in South Waziristan Agency, which triggered mass exodus of tribal
families to down districts of the country.

The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems of the displaced families.

It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mahsud
tribe joined hands to help the needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWA--- a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

NTS announces scholarships to students of IDS

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 289

LENGTH: 513  words


Largely seen as a gigantic step in nation building process, the National Testing
Service-Pakistan (NTS) announced offering scholarships to talented students of
Internally Displaced Persons (IDS) after the military announced some areas
cleared of militants in the South Waziristan agency---a restive tribal region in
FATA.

In this regard, arrangements have been finalized to hold ceremony for signing of
MoU in Islamabad on October 26, 2015.

Federal Minister for State and Frontier Regions (SAFRON) Gen. (Retd) Abdul Qadir
Baloch will be the chief guest.

Apart from NTS senior officials, Senators and Members National Assembly (MNAs)
from South Waziristan, Fata, and other stakeholders will attend the ceremony.

As the importance of education can't be denied in the progress, prosperity and
development of any society. In view of the current situation in parts of tribal
areas, NTS Pakistan in collaboration with Mahsud Welfare Association (MWA) is
set to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for award of scholarship to the
children of internally displaced persons (IDPs).

NTS is an organization which is well aware of its social responsibilities
towards social and education uplift of society at large and creation of
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) division to help and support the efforts
in improving socio-economic condition of underprivileged, and make Pakistan a
developed economy is testimony to this fact.

Keeping in view that education sector in the tribal areas was in shambles, the
NTS decided to offer scholarship to the displaced kids of the area. We've taken
the initiative to award scholarships to talented students for a better tomorrow.
The scholarships will go a long way to facilitate the poverty-stricken students
who cannot afford to continue their studies because of economic woe after their
displacement, said Dr. Sherzada Khan, NTS Chiefr Operation Officer.

MWA chairman Rehmat Khan Mehsud while lauding the step taken by NTS Pakistan,
says: I really appreciate the step taken by the NTS to facilitate the deserved
but talented students. It is an admitted fact that education plays a highly
significant role in prosperity of nation and the trend introduced by the NTS
will encourage other organizations to facilitate the deserved segment of
society.

In 2009, Pakistan military launched anti-insurgents operation Rah-e-Nijat (path
to salvation) in South Waziristan Agency, which triggered mass exodus of tribal
families to down districts of the country.

The situation in this tribal belt resulted in closure of schools and colleges
which left far-reaching negative impact on the education of the students.
Majority of the students couldn't continue their studies due to financial
problems of the displaced families.

It was in this situation that the elders including civil servants of the Mahsud
tribe joined hands to help the needy students to continue their studies, which
resulted in creation of MWA--- a non-profit organization. The mission and vision
of the Association is to prevent students from dropping out of schools due to
financial problems.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved

                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 2, 2015

Dunseith elementary students honored;
Another $10 million added to Cobell Education Scholarship Fund

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 371  words


The Department of the Interior announced that an additional $10 million has been
transferred to the Cobell Education Scholarship Fund (the Fund), bringing the
total amount contributed so far to nearly $30 million. Funded in part by the
Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal Nations (Buy-Back Program), and authorized by
the Cobell Settlement, the Fund is designed to be a permanent endowment which
provides financial assistance through scholarships to American Indian and Alaska
Native students wishing to pursue post-secondary and graduate education and
training.

"I am thrilled that the first Cobell scholarships have been awarded. Graduating
from college and law school was life changing for me, and wouldn't have been
possible without financial support." said Interior Solicitor Hilary Tompkins, a
member of Director of the AIGC. "We received more than 2,500 applications from
talented students, and we were able to award $2 million in scholarships to more
than 340 undergraduate and graduate students for 2015/2016. This truly is an
exciting opportunity for Indian students. We are working with the Cobell Board
of Trustees and are reviewing the application and selection process as we look
towards the next academic year. We encourage all students to reapply for
2016/2017, starting in January 2016, at AIGCS.org."

"We are delighted with the significant transfer to the Cobell Scholarship Fund.
The latest distribution aids our mission of carrying out the vision of Elouise
Cobell to enhance educational opportunities for American Indians and Alaskan
Native students," said Alex Pearl. Chairman of the Cobell Board of Trustees
"With opportunities supports the Obama Administration's Generation Indigenous
(Gen-I) initiative to remove barriers to Native youth's success.

Since 2013 the Buy-Back Program has paid nearly $685 million to individual
landowners and restored the equivalent of more than 1.4 million acres of land to
tribal governments.

Landowners can contact the Trust Beneficiary Call Center at 888-678-6836 or
visit their local Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians (OST) to
update their contact information, ask questions about their land or purchase
offers, and learn about financial planning resources.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Turtle Mountain Star

                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUBÉN HINOJOSA STATEMENT ON THE SIXTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE
STUDENT AID AND FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY ACT

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Today &ndash; Congressman Rub&eacute;n Hinojosa (TX-15) stated the following on
the sixth anniversary of the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act:









 "Today marks six years since the enactment of the Student Aid and Fiscal
Responsibility Act (SAFRA). This landmark Act, enacted in 2010, during my tenure
as chairman of the House Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce
Training, expanded college access and affordability to millions of Americans.
SAFRA strengthened Pell Grants, community colleges, and the capacity of our
nation's Hispanic Serving Institutions, Historically Black Colleges and
Universities, Tribal Colleges and Universities and other Minority-serving
institutions, particularly in the STEM areas, so that students can stay in
school, graduate, and succeed in our global economy.







 "Over the last few years, Democrats have fought to make college more affordable
and to improve student loan programs, while Republicans continue attempts to
slash student loan programs and initiatives designed to increase accessibility
and affordability in higher education. The House GOP budget, supported by the
House GOP Leadership and adopted by the Budget Committee on March 16th, would
slash funding for student loans and college aid by $185 billion over the next 10
years, making college more expensive for millions of families across the
country.







 "Today, over 43 million Americans are working to repay an astounding $1.3
trillion in student loan debt. This is clearly unacceptable. As the lead sponsor
of H.R.1958, The Year-Round Pell Grant Restoration Act, and as an original
co-sponsor of H.R. 1434, The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act and
H.R. 2962, The America's College Promise Act, I will continue to work closely
with my Democratic and Republican colleagues to ensure that eligible students
are allowed to refinance their student loans at lower rates, access year-round
Pell grants, and attend two years of community college tuition-free.







 "As we mark the six year anniversary of SAFRA, our nation must continue to
ensure that all students, not just a select few, have the opportunity to receive
a high quality and affordable college education. America's global
competitiveness and innovation depends on our ability to invest in human capital
and prepare a racially and ethnically diverse workforce with the skills and
knowledge they need to succeed in the 21st century."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Raft of proposals unveiled in Calicut University's budget

SECTION: KOZHIKODE

LENGTH: 455 words


KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University (CU) senate passed the budget for the year
2013-14 on Monday with a raft of proposals for development and modernization of
the varsity, including setting up of five community colleges in five districts,
establishment of five new departments on the campus and a multi- crore push for
adopting green energy technologies.

In a major decision, the varsity decided to make conducting of examination and
evaluation of regular students an integral part of the duty of teachers and
decided that remuneration would not be paid to teachers for taking up
examination related work of regular students.

Among the major proposals in the budget is the Rs 4.24 crore for switching over
to alternate energy sources to tackle the varsity's mounting energy bills. The
budget proposes to develop a green energy grid by sourcing power from green
energy sources including solar energy thereby envisaging annual savings to the
tune of Rs 70 lakh.

Syndicate finance standing committee convenor, Dr. K V Lazar presented the
budget for the year 2013- 14 which expects the varsity's highest ever revenue of
Rs 325.8 crore and an expenditure of Rs 307.5 crore.

The other main highlight of the budget is the proposal to set up a school of
energy studies at an outlay of Rs 3 crore.

The centre is expected to concentrate on utilization of technologies in the
field of solar photovoltaic, solar thermal, wind energy and nano materials for
energy management.

The university also proposes to launch a green chemistry initiative by
establishing a world class centre of excellence in green chemistry research at a
cost of Rs 13.5 crore of which Rs 2 crore has been earmarked in the budget.

Among the other academic initiatives are proposal to start a centre for
excellence in cloud computing and research which has an outlay of Rs 4.3 crore.

The budget also proposes to start five new departments' sociology, geology,
environmental sciences, tribal studies and legal studies with a total outlay of
Rs 20 crore and set up five community colleges in five districts under its
jurisdiction.

On the research front, the University has decided to provide startup fund of Rs
5 lakh each to newly recruited faculty members to jumpstart research activities.
It has also decided to increase the monthly research scholarships paid to
students.

The university will also set up a University Research Park in partnership with
industries and government to cater to research needs of industries by providing
facilities for basic and applied research.The budget has also suggested setting
up of a commercial complex and increase in various fees to ramp up revenue.

Vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam presided over the senate meeting.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

Institute of American Indian Arts Expands Key Programs New Funding Helps to
Further School's Mission

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Institute of American Indian Arts has issued the following news release:

The Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) is pleased to announce plans to
expand its Master Artist-in-Residence Program, its Student Internship Program,
and introduce a Sculpture and Foundry Residence Program.  The expansion of these
programs will bring additional educational knowledge from artists and Tribal
Communities to IAIA students thereby supporting them academically -- and in
their careers.

In keeping with its mission to "To empower creativity and leadership in Native
arts and cultures through higher education, lifelong learning and outreach",
IAIA works to prepare its students for success and leadership that reflects
Native cultures and values. IAIA also provides culturally based programs that
fulfill the physical, social, emotional, intellectual and spiritual needs of its
students. The objectives of the IAIA Master Artist-in-Residence Program, the
Student Internship Program, and the Sculpture and Foundry Residency Program will
assist IAIA in carrying out its Mission.

IAIA will utilize the grant funding to expand the existing Visiting Artists
program to include Traditional and Studio Artists from more regions of the
country, and to bring in artists who specialize in Sculpture and Foundry work.
The Studio Arts and Museum Studies departments intend to exhibit work and
techniques from a wide variety of artists to IAIA students. Not only does it
benefit the education of the student, but it also expands the knowledge base of
the Faculty and Alumni. At IAIA, students remain lifelong members of the school
community, and they are invited to participate in workshops so that they
continue to learn.  IAIA has a proven track record in bringing visiting artists
to the campus and the museum for workshops, community events, and public panels.
The Artist-in-Residence programs are an extension of the work that the IAIA
staff has performed over the years.

Student Internships are a key to the curriculum of the Studio Arts department,
Museum Studies department, and the Indigenous Liberal Studies department. IAIA
students have greatly appreciated the opportunities to practice what they have
learned in the classroom, and they have requested additional organizations with
which to partner. IAIA students have been able to obtain internships with the
Smithsonian in Washington, DC, the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture in Santa
Fe, and a few museums that are located in Tribal Communities.  The Student
Internship program gives IAIA the opportunity to expand into Tribal Communities
that may not have the funding to support a Student worker.

This expansion is made possible, in part, by a $ 735,000.00 grant from the
Margaret A. Cargill Foundation.

Dr. Robert Martin (Cherokee), IAIA President commented, "we look forward to this
exciting opportunity to partner with the Margaret A. Cargill Foundation to
further strengthen the IAIA commitment to Native Arts and Cultures through these
important initiatives."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Performance Partnership Pilots for Disconnected Youth: Round Three

LENGTH: 831  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration has
issued the following news release:



 Federal agencies have released a third call for bold proposals to improve
education, employment, and other key outcomes for disconnected youth.



 While our nation has seen progress over the last few years, there still remain
over five million 14-to-24-year-olds in the U.S. who are out of school and not
working. In many cases, these youth face additional challenges including being
low-income, homeless, in foster care, or involved in the justice system. In
response, seven federal agencies, are, for the third time, jointly inviting
state, local, and tribal communities to apply to become a Performance
Partnership Pilot (P3) to test innovative, outcome-focused strategies to
achieving better outcomes for these youth, as well as youth at risk of becoming
disconnected from critical social institutions and supports.





 The P3 initiative allows pilots to receive customized flexibility from the
participating agencies--including the Departments of Education, Labor, Health
and Human Services, Justice, the Corporation for National and Community Service,
the Institute for Museum and Library Services, and now also the Department of
Housing and Urban Development--to overcome barriers and align program and
reporting requirements across programs. This flexibility enables communities to
pursue the most innovative and effective ways to use their existing funds that
they already receive from the federal government to improve outcomes for the
neediest youth.



 This third round of pilots will build on innovative work underway by existing
pilots. In October 2015, the Department of Education announced the first round
of nine pilots on behalf of all the participating agencies. From supporting
young moms and their young children with a two-generation approach to helping
foster care youth transition successfully from high school to college and
career, these pilots will serve a total of roughly 10,000 disconnected youth
from urban, rural, and tribal communities around the country. Applications for
the second round of pilots closed on June 27, 2016, and agencies expect to
designate pilots by the end of the year.



 Early pilots are seeing the value of the P3 model. "It takes more than a single
agency or funding source to help young people in tough situations get back on
track," said Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti. "The Performance Partnership Pilot
gives L.A. the flexibility to break down boundaries and test new ideas for
putting kids on a path to success."



 This third round of pilots again offers up to 10 state, local or tribal
communities the opportunity to propose bold new ideas for how they would use P3
flexibility to transform the way they deliver services and improve outcomes for
their disconnected youth. Additionally, this round will newly permit communities
to use their Continuum of Care and Emergency Solutions Grants Program funds,
funded through the Department of Housing and Urban Development, in the pilots.



 Stakeholders on the front lines of service delivery have let us know that
flexibility, such as better aligning the multiple systems that serve youth, is
sometimes needed to achieve powerful outcomes. P3 responds directly to
on-the-ground challenges by offering broad new flexibility in exchange for
better outcomes. While this competition offers small start-up grants that can
fund administrative expenses, data collection, evaluation or other activities
that support effective implementation of a pilot, P3 primarily focuses on
creating flexibility. Partner organizations already working together on the
ground can propose true seamless service delivery systems that maximize outcomes
for disconnected youth by seeking waivers across multiple funding streams that
they already receive.



 This round of P3 includes several priorities to test this authority in diverse
environments across America and support broader learning in the field. For
example, acknowledging the diverse needs of communities, the competition allows
separate categories of consideration for applicants that propose to serve
disconnected youth in rural communities, in tribal communities, or in
communities that recently have experienced civil unrest. In addition, applicants
can earn bonus points in the selection process by proposing to rigorously
evaluate at least one component of their pilot, proposing to implement
work-based learning opportunities, or proposing projects that would specifically
serve youth who are neither employed nor in school.



 To hear representatives from Federal agencies present the details of the
recently released Notice Inviting Applications (NIA) on P3, including
application requirements and selection criteria, please register and join us for
the P3 Bidders Conference on August 25, 2016, from 2:00 to 3:30 p.m. EDT.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Education investment

BYLINE: Mark Johnson, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Aug. 26--TRAVERSE CITY -- Local Native American students will benefit from more
than $300,000 in gambling revenue grants.

The Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians announced allocations
totaling $722,692.68 through the first phase of its twice annual 2 percent
allocation of electronic gaming revenue to local government entities.

A press release reported about $321,000 of the total allocations will be
directed toward Native American education programs at seven northern Michigan
schools, including Traverse City, Northport and Elk Rapids public schools, among
others. Suttons Bay Public Schools received the largest of all allocations at
$100,000 to continue its Native American education program.

"It is something we are hugely dependent upon. The tribe has been wonderful on
an annual basis," said Suttons Bay Public Schools Superintendent Christopher
Nelson. "We can actually take these funds and directly put these funds toward
the benefit of the students."

An estimated 30 percent of Suttons Bay's enrolled students, or about 100 Native
American students, will benefit from the continuing program focusing on helping
students struggling with grade-level expectations and bringing them up to those
standards in all areas.

Nelson said the school's 100 percent graduation rate among Native American
students last school year directly resulted from the program's success.

The school couples tribal support with small amounts of federal funding to
provide a quality education for all Native American students through the
employment of five full-time tutors split between the elementary, middle and
high schools. Two co-directors, including a member of the tribe, direct the
education program.

"I always thank the tribal council for what they do," Nelson said. "Their
disbursement to us and how we use it is definitely in the best interest of the
future."

Story continues below video

Tribal Manager Mary Belcher said continuing to provide this support remains
important to the futures of Native American children and the tribe.

"Our young people are very important," said Tribal Manager Mary Belcher. "We
cover six counties, as far as our membership area, and the children go to
smaller schools. Getting in there to cover some of the support needs of those
students is so important."

Northwestern Michigan College and the Charlevoix Montessori Academy for the Arts
also received allocations -- $20,000 and $5,000, respectively -- for Native
American-related education initiatives.

Antrim, Benzie, Charlevoix and Leelanau counties each received funding --
$12,775; $19,162.50; $12,775 and $63,875, respectively -- to go toward prisoner
housing contracts.

Lt. Todd Roush, Leelanau County's jail administrator, said the county's contract
reserves 10 jail beds for tribal police prisoners. The funding continues an
agreement in effect since 2004, he said.

Decisions regarding the second round of 2 percent allocations will be made in
December, the release states.

The tribe has allocated $34,693,305.98 to a slew of local entities since the 2
percent allocation began in 1994, according to the release.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160826-ZK-Education-investment-0826-20160826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

30k students in Naxal districts to be trained to use e-cash

BYLINE: Soumitra Bose

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 409 words


Nagpur: Gadchiroli and Gondia police, under an initiative of State Anti-Naxal
Operations (ANO) cell, are taking the cashless agenda of Prime Minister Narendra
Modi to the tribal students of Gadchiroli district. The security agencies want
to popularize e-banking and cashless payment options using mobile phones among
30,000 students of Naxal-affected districts of eastern Vidarbha in the first
week of January.Nine subdivisional police officers (SDPO) of Gadchiroli and four
from Gondia have been identified as nodal personnel to implement the plan. The
students will be provided live demonstration of making online payments from
Mumbai and Thane.

This is expected to reduce the hardship of demonitisation in remote places.
Students getting social welfare department scholarships in bank accounts would
be the target audience.Shivaji Bodkhe, inspector general of police, State ANO
chief, said students of standard VIII and XII would be the prime target group.
"Senior level students too will be involved at places in Sironcha and Aheri
taluka of south Gadchiroli, where there are colleges," he said. The IG said the
initiative would help students from these regions to use cashless money
transfers just like their urban counterparts. "The SDPOs are now collecting data
of students for the camps," he said.Bodkhe also said data of 16,430 students has
been prepared by SDPO Deori-Amgaon division of Gondia. "We are trying to
prioritize students with mobile phones, bank accounts and receiving government
scholarships. Awareness can help them at least meet their daily need of
stationery and books," he said.Bodkhe said information regarding facilities like
RBI's Universal Payment Interface (UPI), USSD codes, Digi cash and such other
modalities of online payments would be provided at the camps. "We are planning
Wi-Fi connectivity and other facilities, so that practical training can be
adopted by our experts," he said.At Karwafa in Dhanora tehsil of Gadchiroli,
SDPO Ganesh Ingle is set to organize 'Yuva Mahotsav' between January 1 and 12
next year, targeting youth on the theme of various progressive and development
issues. The training of cashless and e-banking facilities would be one of the
themes at the 12-day programme."Camps will be held in sensitive places like
Bhamragarh and other parts of the districts. We will ensure students can
actually transfer cash through mobile phones among each other," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday
                                  Pune Edition

SPPU plans initiatives for better academics, facilities

BYLINE: Ardhra.Nair@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 433 words


University vice-chancellor W N Gade revealed the varsity\x92s initiative of a
district and tehsil level outreach programme on laws against sexual harassment
and ragging from next year.

Gade was addressing the senate meeting held in the Savitribai Phule Pune
University (SPPU) campus on Saturday when he announced the venture. "Making
students aware about their rights about these issues is the need of the hour,"
he said.

The university has also planned to create a vision document for SPPU\x92s goals
for the next 10 years. The senate meeting was held only for half

a day as elections for new representatives were cancelled for this academic
year. Only those who are senate members owing to their post in the university
were present.

"SPPU has achieved the third place amongst all Indian universities in the world
university ranking. We are one of

the universities with the highest budget of Rs 600 crore per year, yet we lag
behind universities like Punjab University which has a Rs 200 crore budget and
Jadavpur university in research. This needs to be corrected and more and more
attention should be given to

teachers," said Gade.

This year, the university has already received 76,000 applications online for
convocation ceremony. "This year onwards, the convocation ceremony for under
graduate courses will be held at college level while the convocation ceremony of
post graduate stu

dents will be held in the university." Gade also said that there are 212
teaching posts vacant in the varsity. "The advertisement inviting applications
against 212 teaching posts is already out and we are positive that the posts
will be filled in within two months," he said.

He also said that the varsity has received Rs 30.85 crore from the University
Grants Commission, Union government, state government and other institutes for
various initiatives. "Proposals have also been sent to respective ministries to
start special skill development centres for minorities and areas with high
tribal population," said Gade.

'Intellectual Hub' to come up at varsity

An 'Intellectual Hub' will be created in Savitribai Phule Pune University for
student-expert interactions, said W N Gade."There are many distinguished people
in Pune who are experts in their own fields. Some of them have retired from
there services while some are here in the varsity. An intellectual hub in the
varsity campus will be used as a centre for people from various fields to
interact with others in the university. We also plan to use this as a think tank
for making the vision document for the varsity and the development policy for
us," said Gade.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                  May 13, 2015

Obama's Boys of Color Initiative Spawns New Nonprofit

SECTION: Pg. 14 Vol. 34 No. 30

LENGTH: 619  words


President Barack Obama unveiled last week the My Brother's Keeper Alliance, an
independent, business-backed nonprofit that will allow him to continue his work
addressing barriers for boys and young men of color after he leaves the White
House.

"I notice we don't always get a lot of reporting on this issue when there's not
a crisis in some neighborhood," he said, referring to recent unrest in Baltimore
and discussions about race and justice that have followed.

"But we're just going to keep on plugging away," Mr. Obama said at Lehman
College in the Bronx, N.Y. "And this will remain a mission for me and for
Michelle not just for the rest of my presidency, but for the rest of my life."

The new venture will build off the president's My Brother's Keeper initiative,
which launched in 2014. The White House will continue its equity efforts while
President Obama remains in office, and the new nonprofit will operate
independent of his control, White House officials said.

The alliance&#x2014;backed by 11 corporations including Sam's Club, American
Express, Pepsico, and bet&#x2014;has so far secured $85 million in commitments,
the organization said. Its advisory council includes civil rights advocates,
celebrities, and Obama allies like former Attorney General Eric Holder, former
Secretary of State Colin Powell, PolicyLink Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Angela Glover Blackwell, and former NBA star Shaquille O'Neal.

A 'Playbook'

The group's first initiatives are a "playbook" that provides strategies for the
private sector to address "key obstacles facing young men of color." There will
also be two grant programs initially: one that will provide up to $7 million for
innovative projects, and another to fund up to $25 million for community
projects.

As a White House initiative, My Brother's Keeper has encouraged interagency
efforts, public-private partnerships, and work at the local level to address
issues like disproportionate rates of school discipline for black boys and
mentorship programs.

More than $300 million has now been committed to the White House from the
private sector in grants, in-kind contributions, or other resources, according
to a first year progress report released earlier this year. And more than 200
mayors, tribal chiefs, and county executives from across the country have signed
on to the compact and taken concrete steps to address cradle-to-career
opportunities for boys of color and issues of equity, according to the report.

The president had recently hinted that he would focus on boys of color after he
leaves the White House, including in a meeting with big-city superintendents who
met with him in March to discuss the boys-of-color initiatives in their school
districts.

"I am delighted to see that he is going to stay with this priority," said
Michael Casserly, the executive director of the Council of the Great City
Schools, which represents 67 big-city districts. The council has partnered with
the White House on the initiative.

President Obama has faced criticism that he doesn't speak forcefully enough
about issues related to race. He said he formed My Brother's Keeper after the
death of Trayvon Martin, an unarmed 17-year-old African-American boy who was
shot in Florida in 2012, because the White House wanted boys of color to know
"that we care about your future&#x2014;not just sometimes, but all the time."

Sustained efforts are needed to help overcome an "accumulation of not just
decades but, in some cases, centuries of trauma" in minority communities, Mr.
Obama said.

"I'm going to keep on fighting," he said, "and everybody here is going to keep
on fighting to make sure that all of our kids have the opportunity to make of
their lives what they will."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Intermountain News (Burney, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 15, 2015

Nearly $2 million grant earmarked for Hat Creek watershed restoration

BYLINE: The Intermountain News staff

LENGTH: 1328  words


Some $2 million in funding to enhance natural resources in the Hat Creek
watershed has been approved by the Pacific Forest and Watershed Lands
Stewardship Council.

The Stewardship Council, a land conservation and youth investment foundation,
will provide the funding for enhancement projects on lands owned by Pacific Gas
and Electric Company.

These are the first major enhancement projects funded by the Stewardship
Council's historic Land Conservation Program, which seeks to conserve and
enhance 140,000 acres of California's watershed lands for the public good.

The projects were developed through collective collaboration involving the
Stewardship Council, Cal Trout, the Pit River Tribe, Spring Rivers Foundation,
PG&E, and other stakeholders.

"The projects planned for the Hat Creek watershed include important habitat
restoration efforts on Hat Creek and Rock Creek, as well as improved public
access and protections for cultural sites along the Hat Creek," says Stewardship
Council Board Chair Art Baggett.

'They'll also provide unique work experience and training opportunities for
young people interested in resource conservation, restoration, and stewardship."

In late June, Stewardship Council board members and staff joined with project
sponsors to tour the project sites.

Participants first viewed locations along Rock Creek near the Crystal Lake Fish
Hatchery north of Cassel, where a meadow will be restored by the Spring Rivers
Foundation to support the Shasta crayfish.

They also learned how high school and college students will be provided with an
opportunity to participate in this unique project.

In the afternoon, tour participants visited Hat Creek to view the site of the
project sponsored by CalTrout and the Pit River Tribe.

Here, tribal youth and a tribal workforce will enhance riparian habitat on the
first stream to be designated by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife
(CDFW) as a Wild Trout Stream.

The project will also enhance recreational opportunities in the area.

During the tour, Stewardship Council board member Pete Bell thanked the project
partners for their efforts, adding, "This is a great opportunity for the
Stewardship Council to help increase youth and young adult involvement in these
lands and provide them with meaningful work experience." ENHANCEMENT

PROJECTS BACKGROUND

Approximately $1.4 million of the Stewardship Council's project funding will go
to CalTrout and the Pit River Tribe to restore 1.5 miles of in-stream wild trout
habitat and native vegetation along Hat Creek.

The project will also build new trails, a pedestrian bridge, and scenic picnic
area; enhance fishing opportunities; and protect several historic sites with new
fencing, landscaping, and signage.

Finally, funds will help the Pit River Tribe continue a youth initiative and
tribal workforce program, with assistance from the Lomakatsi Restoration
Project.

The Lomakatsi Restoration Project is a non-profit that develops and implements
forest and watershed restoration projects in northern California and Oregon and
currently works with the Pit River Tribe on other restoration projects."We are
excited and grateful for the continued collaboration and support provided by the
enhancement funds," says Pit River Tribe Vice Chairman Isidro Gali."Our tribal
youth and continued generations will greatly benefit from this effort of
reconnection to ancestral cultural areas."

Andrew Braugh, Shasta-Klamath Regional Director for California Trout, adds, 'The
Stewardship Council's grant support underscores what is possible when diverse
partners commit to working together to achieve shared objectives and solve
complex resource management challenges."With this project, we're going to
restore a legacy of fly-fishing in California, but more importantly, we're
working to re-connect the lllmawi Band of the Pit River Tribe as the long-term
stewards of their ancestral lands on the banks of Hat Creek."

CalTrout also acknowledges the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) and CDFW
for supporting the project, helping with design and facilitating the necessary
permitting.

Meanwhile, another $550,000 will go to the Spring Rivers Foundation to restore a
meadow that will support the Shasta crayfish, an endangered species.

The project will restore and rewater approximately 650 feet of channel in Rock
Creek to create habitat for the crayfish, which will be relocated from nearby
existing habitat.

The project will also provide fieldwork experience to youth and young adults as
part of high school and university curriculum."After more than 15 years of
building broad-based consensus and support from USFWS' Recovery Division and
Partners for Fish and Wildlife Program, CDFW's Region 1 biologists and hatchery
personnel, PG&E, Ducks Unlimited, Spring Rivers Ecological Sciences LLC, and
academia, the restoration work and youth initiative programs are set to begin
this fall, thanks to the Stewardship Council," said Dr. Maria Ellis of Spring
Rivers Foundation."Students from UC Davis and Fall River High School will be
doing field work related to this project starting in just a few months!"

Ric Notini, the Stewardship Council's Director of Land Conservation, adds, "the
Enhancement Program supports mutually beneficial partnerships between
environmental non-profits, public agencies, and Native American tribes."

ABOUT THE HAT CREEK WATERSHED

Hat Creek in combination with Fall River, Burney Creek, Rock Creek, and other
springs in the mid-reaches of the Pit River comprises one of the largest
freshwater spring systems in the U.S.

These waters provide valuable habitat to a variety of aquatic species including
native trout populations and the endangered Shasta crayfish.

Hat Creek also serves as a vital source of traditional resources for the Pit
River Tribe.

ABOUT THE PROJECT PARTNERS

Cal Trout is a non-profit 501(c)(3) created to protect and restore wild trout,
steelhead, salmon, and their waters throughout California. The Pit River Tribe
is a federally recognized tribe made up of eleven autonomous bands with
ancestral territory in the Hat Creek watershed.

Spring Rivers Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) created to enhance natural
systems and to protect the health and biodiversity of the environment with an
emphasis on the native aquatic tax a of northern California. ABOUT THE
ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM

The Stewardship Council has developed its Enhancement Program to fund
enhancement projects on watershed lands that will be retained by PG&E or donated
to qualified entities.

These projects will enhance one or more of the Stewardship Council's six
Beneficial Public Values: protection of the natural habitat offish, wildlife,
and plants; (2) preservation of open space; (3) outdoor recreation by the
general public; (4) sustainable forestry; (5) agricultural uses; and (6)
historic values.

The projects could range from surveys, studies, and management plans to physical
enhancements like restoration and trail building projects.

Approximately $20-25 million will be available for enhancement grants.

As the landowner, PG&E has been an integral partner in the development of these
first enhancement projects.

ABOUT THE STEWARDSHIP COUNCIL

The Pacific Forest and Watershed Lands Stewardship Council is a private,
nonprofit foundation that was established in 2004 as part of a Pacific Gas and
Electric Company settlement.

The Stewardship Council has two goals: to ensure that over 140,000 acres of
California's pristine watershed lands are conserved for the public good through
our Land Conservation Program, and to invest in outdoor programs that serve
California's young people through our Youth Investment Program. Bringing a broad
range of interests and expertise to the Stewardship Council, our Board of
Directors is made up of leading conservation, natural resource management,
business, and public officials.

The Stewardship Council is working collaboratively with the people of California
on this historic effort.

Learn more at www.stewardshipcouncil.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IMN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Intermountain News

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Summit to promote healthy aging

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


MIDWEST CITY - Gov. Mary Fallin's Healthy Aging Summit: Living Longer Better is
scheduled from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday at the Reed Conference Center in
Midwest City.

The summit's purpose is to reach agreement on statewide goals for improvements
in health outcomes for older adults from 2015 through 2018.

"This is a critical time to hold a summit for healthy aging in Oklahoma," said
Dr. Terry Cline, commissioner and secretary of health and human services. "While
we have many challenges in Oklahoma, we are well-positioned to build on and
strengthen innovative partnerships to drive dramatic improvements in the health
of our older adults. "

The summit will include presentations on national, tribal and local initiatives
to promote healthy aging.

In addition to Fallin and Cline, speakers will include Roger Landry, president
of Masterpiece Living and author of Live Long, Die Short: A Guide to Authentic
Health and Successful Aging; Laurence Z. Rubenstein, professor and chairman,
Donald W. Reynolds Department of Geriatric Medicine, University of Oklahoma
College of Medicine; Betty Wharton, director of healthy aging for the Choctaw
Nation; Tina Burdett, a family caregiver for an older adult; state Sen. Frank
Simpson, R-Ardmore; Stan Hupfeld, former president and CEO, Integris Health and
author of Political Malpractice: How the Politicians Made a Mess of Health
Reforms; Ken Smith, mayor of Yukon; the Rev. Ray Douglas, senior pastor, Greater
Mount Olive Baptist Church, Oklahoma City; Lance Robertson, director, Oklahoma
Department of Human Services Aging Services; Monica Woodall, Durant; and Susan
Purcell, quality director, TMF Health Innovation Network.

The Governor's Healthy Aging Summit: Living Longer Better is being sponsored by
the Donald W. Reynolds Department of Geriatric Medicine in the OU College of
Medicine, the Oklahoma State Department of Health, Oklahoma Department of Human
Services Aging Services, and the Oklahoma Healthy Aging Initiative. The Oklahoma
Healthy Aging Initiative is supported by a grant from the Donald W. Reynolds
Foundation.

Registration for the summit is free and lunch will be provided. Call (405)
325-1022 to register.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              June 19, 2009 Friday

Manpower crunch hits plan to nip sickle cell anaemia in state

BYLINE: Shubhlakshmi Shukla

LENGTH: 691  words

DATELINE: Vadodara


More than a year ago, Chief Minister Narendra Modi had announced a grant of Rs
24.76 crore as part of the state government's plan to check the spread of Sickle
Cell Anaemia in the state. But the ground situation in Gujarat on the eve of
World Sickle Cell Anaemia Day is quite different.

There is an acute shortage of counsellors and technicians who can make the
project a success in the 11 tribal districts. This congenital disease, for which
little treatment is known, is widely prevalent among the Bhils, Rathwas, and
Naykas tribe found in Vadodara, Panchmahals, Dahod, Bharuch, Narmada, Surat,
Dangs, Sabarakantha, Banaskantha and Valsad. A high incidence of sickle cell
traits was found in the Red Blood Cells of these people.

The Valsad Raktdan Kendra (VRK) had started 78 screening and counselling centres
in Surat, Tapi, Valsad, Dangs and Navsari where this disease is more prevalent.
The centres in south Gujarat to screen sickle cell traits and disease include
one in Surat Medical College, three general hospitals, 44 primary health
centres, 29 community health centres and one at VRK.

Surat Chief District Health Officer (CDHO) Manish Kumar said:  "There is 50 per
cent shortage of lab technicians to screen patients. No one is willing to work
in the rural areas, but we are taking initiatives."

Dr Yezdi Italia of VRK told Newsline: "Of Rs 24.76 crore, nearly Rs 2. 88 crore
were sanctioned for the sickle cell anaemia-affected patients across the state a
few months ago. VRK works in the south Gujarat along with the Health Department,
while other tribal districts are assigned to the District Epidemic Officers
(DEO).

Vadodara DEO Dr Vijay Birla said: "There are three sensitive zones in our
district- Chhota Udepur, Kwant and Pavi Jetpur. But there is just one counsellor
in this region. No one is willing to work in the rural area."

Dahod DEO Dr Dilip Patel added: "In our district, we have no problem of
counsellors. We, however, want to recruit lab technicians. But most of them have
taken private training rather than at government institutions. We can appoint
them only on a contractual basis for 11 months. But this is not a permanent
solution to our problems."

According to the Banaskantha health authorities, "50 per cent shortage of lab
technicians and counsellors make it very difficult to screen a mass of 2,000
Sickle Cell Anaemia carriers and patients". "As such, we are able to screen only
50 per cent of the people. The manpower at Amirgadh and Danta is lacking," said
an official.

Last year, the Health Department had advised tribals to get their blood tested
for traces of the genetic disease before they get married. "We are doing work.
We counsel and also spread awareness on how to avoid Sickle Cell Anaemia. For
those who have no risks, we give white card, while for those at risk we give
them yellow cards. The patients affected by this disease can match their cards,"
Dr Italia added.

On the problem of shortage of lab technicians and counsellors, Dr P B Prajapati,
the Nodal Officer of Sickle Cell Anaemia project, said: "I cannot comment as I
am busy."

Disease penetrating general population as well

IN INDIA, Sickle Cell Anaemia is common not only among tribals, but has
penetrated the Scheduled Caste and the general population as well. The incidence
is as high as 34 per cent in certain areas of Gujarat, while in other sections,
it is the highest in the country. According to an Indian Council of Medical
Research survey, 30 per cent children with Sickle Cell Anaemia living in the
foothills of the Sahyadri Ranges in south Gujarat die by the age of 14 years.
Another survey states that prevalence of sickle cell genes has been found to be
31 per cent among the Dodia Patels, Naika and Gamit, 29 per cent in Bhils, 28
per cent in Chaudhary, Rathwa and Baria, 27 per cent in Vasava, Tadvi, 20 per
cent among Dhanaka, and seven per cent among Kolacha, Kotavadia and Kathodi.

In Sickle Cell Anaemia, the body makes sickle-shaped red blood cells, which
don't move easily through the blood vessels due to mutation in the haemoglobin
gene. They're stiff and sticky, and tend to form clumps and get stuck in the
blood vessels.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Cornwall Standard Freeholder

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Welcome tourism funding for Akwesasne

BYLINE: Lois Ann Baker, Standard-Freeholder

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: AKWESASNE


Funding from the United States federal government is going to help the Akwesasne
Tourism Working Group promote tourism and economic development in the area.

According to a press release from the St. Regis Mohawk Tribe, Senators Charles
Schumer and Kristen Gillibrand announced a total of $2 million in funding for
the group which is made up of the Native North American Travelling College,
Akwesasne Cultural Center Museum, Onkwehon:weArtsCouncil, Mohawk Nation Council
of Chiefs, Akwesasne Area Management Board, Mohawk Council of Akwesasne, and
Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe.

Grand Chief Abram Benedictk, of the MCA, said the best thing about the funding
is that it benefits the entire Akwesasne community, both the northern and
southern districts.

"The Akwesasne Tourism Working Group is one of our community's promising
ventures as it generally disregards the borders that otherwise divide us," said
Grand Chief Abram Benedict. "This funding will help our community reach its
potential in areas of tourism and economic development. We would like to thank
the hard work of our employees and the St. Regis Mohawk Tribe's employees for
their commitment to this initiative and pursuit of funding." La Toya Rourke,
tourism co-ordinator for the Experience Akwesasne Welcome Centre said the
funding will give them the opportunity and tools to work on tourism initiatives.

"The (centre) is very excited about the ANA SEEDS grant," said Rourke. "As the
tourism co-ordinator for the Mohawk Council of Akwesasne, I work closely with
Akwesasne Artists and businesses and I see first-hand Akwesasne's potential
growth in the tourism industry. I have so much pride and gratitude for the
hard-working members and organizations of the Akwesasne Tourism Working group.
.. they are an excellent example of accomplishments that can be achieved when we
work together."

"This grant will support the collaborative work of the Akwesasne Tourism Work
Group who are helping guide the development and implementation of the Akwesasne
community's tourism initiative," said the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribal Council in
the release.

"In co-operation and co-0ordination with community stakeholders, the funding
will address the unique challenges and opportunities for Akwesasne in developing
a tourism industry that will provide employment, economic development and other
benefits that reach beyond our community's boundaries."

The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Administration for Native Americans Sustainable Employment and Economic
Development Strategies Program. The group will receive $400,000 for the first
year and the remaining funds over the next five years. The funds will promote
tourism, employment opportunities and economic development through the new
Creating Akwesasne Tourism Industry Businesses and Jobs initiative.

"Diversifying our economy is a priority for the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. We are
currently expanding our broadband technology, investing in agriculture and
developing a cultural tourism industry in Akwesasne," said Christopher Thompson,
director of the Office of Economic Development for the tribe. "We celebrate our
current achievements and look forward to more successes as we develop this
industry. The impact that this will have on the North Country economy is
significant in terms of business development, job creation and tourism from
visitors coming to the region. This award is a culmination of effort from local
stakeholders within the Akwesasne community and has been led by Saint Regis
Mohawk Tribe's Community Planner Lindsay Tarbell. Together we will transform the
way we invite, treat, and engage visitors to the North Country."
lbaker@postmedia.com twitter.com/LoisAnnBaker !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media
Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Cornwall Standard Freeholder
                              All Rights Reserved

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

Energy solution: New master's programme offered at UET

LENGTH: 254  words


A master's programme in electricity energy system engineering will begin at
University of Engineering and Technology Peshawar from the fall semester, stated
a press release on Monday.

According to the document, the decision was announced during an orientation
event by Vice Chancellor UET Peshawar Syed Imtiaz Hussain Gilani.

"The two-year programme will be initiated by US-Pakistan Center for Advanced
Studies in Energy (USPCAS-E)," the statement quoted him as saying. "The Centre
has also offered needs-based scholarships to 21 eligible students coming from
underprivileged families of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered
Tribal Areas."

According to the statement, Gilani said the students' capabilities combined with
the support provided by USAID would help them become leaders in the energy
sector.

"The governments of Pakistan and US through the HEC have partnered to form
USPCAS-E in four Pakistani and three US universities to assist in the
development of various sectors," the statement quoted him saying. "The
initiative also encourages and empowers women engineers and researchers to
participate in academic programmes and applied research to solve Pakistan's
energy related problems."

The initiative is funded by USAID and brings together UET Peshawar, National
University of Science and Technology, and US partner university Arizona State
University.

Published in The Express Tribune, August 11th, 2015.

The post Energy solution: New master's programme offered at UET appeared first
on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Project Faith is a 'blessing for our kids'

BYLINE: Carla Hinton, Religion Editor

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 477 words


Churches, faith-based community organizations and other groups have access to a
special curriculum designed to help college-bound students and their families.

The curriculum was created through a three-year grant from the national Office
of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives, said Edra Thrower, program coordinator
for the State Regents for Higher Education.

Thrower said the Oklahoma Project Faith in Student Success grant recently ended,
but the curriculum is a permanent resource developed to aid students and their
families for years to come.

She said through the project, about 150 people from churches, tribal groups and
community organizations have been trained to help students apply for financial
aid and help with other important activities for the college-bound.

She said the project was based on the premise that clergy and other community
leaders could easily identify students who needed help finding resources and
available aid.

"The individuals participating in this program become like counselors," Thrower
said. "We thought who would know that family better than the youth pastor?"

Thrower said the project was developed as a support to high schools where
college information is generally distributed. Many high schools are so large
that counselors may not be able to visit with each student.

She said most of the people who were trained to implement the curriculum came
from the Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas. A few came from rural areas of the
state.

Thrower said the name of the program may change now that the grant has ended but
the curriculum - based on Oklahoma higher education information - will remain
viable.

"That same information and resources is still there."

David Lee, pastor of center city resources at Citychurch, 136 NW 10, said his
church participated in Oklahoma Project Faith. He said the program's benefits
are far-reaching for students, families and the community at large.

"It's phenomenal. It's eye-opening. It's a blessing for our kids."

Lee said he received the Project Faith training and his church has used the
curriculum in several ways, including distributing college-bound materials at
its health fairs at the church and in northeast Oklahoma City. The project has
filled a void because he found that many students still did not have all the
information they needed for success.

"We talk to kids all the time who've never heard of Oklahoma's Promise - juniors
and seniors," said Lee.

Lee said the program has helped churches become centers of information again.

"The church traditionally has always been the center of the community. The
resources were supposed to flow out of the church because the family meets
there. Even the government realizes it," he said.

"We're just taking things back to the way they were because it worked."

Oklahoma Project Faith  For more information, call Edra Thrower at 225-9198.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COLLEGE BOUND '07 SPECIAL SECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              May 28, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

SCHOOLS;
Garrett to meet with tribal leaders

BYLINE: Beth Gollob and Susan Simpson, Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS; EDUCATION BRIEFS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 726 words


State schools Superintendent Sandy Garrett plans to meet with tribal leaders
later this summer to discuss results of a recent national report and seek ways
to improve test scores among American Indian students.

"I think there are some opportunities for Native Americans here, and tribal
leaders should be very proud of this," she said during last week's state school
board meeting.

According to the report, Indian students in fourth and eighth grades in Oklahoma
scored higher on average in math and reading than other Indian students
nationwide.

Garrett said ACT officials released in 2005 a report showing Indian students in
Oklahoma also scored better on that test than other American Indians nationwide.

The study was based on information collected by the National Assessment of
Educational Progress, a test given periodically to a sampling of American
students. It is sponsored by the National Center for Education Statistics for
the U.S. Department of Education.

Teaching workshops set

Elementary teachers can attend one of three free workshops across the state to
learn methods of combining social studies and reading activities.

"Enhancing Elementary Social Studies" will be from 9 a.m. to noon June 14 at
World Neighbors headquarters, 4127 NW 122 in Oklahoma City. Additional workshops
are scheduled for 9 a.m. to noon Aug. 1 at Comanche County Memorial Hospital in
Lawton, and 9 a.m. to noon Aug. 3 at the Southern Oklahoma Technology Center in
Ardmore.

Workshops are sponsored by the Oklahoma Council on Economic Education.

All teachers will receive free curriculum aligned with state Priority Academic
Student Skills. Registration is free but required in advance. Call 974-5343.

Science teacher honored

A high school teacher has won a top state award in science teaching from the
Oklahoma Academy of Science.

Betty Henderson, who teaches Advanced Placement biology and anatomy and
physiology at Bartlesville High School, won the Jimmie Pigg Memorial Award for
Outstanding Science Teaching during the Oklahoma Junior Academy of Science
annual state competition and meeting in April.

Henderson was recognized for fostering years of student participation and
achievement in the Oklahoma Junior Academy of Science research paper
competition, the State Science Fair and the International Science and
Engineering Fair.

HIGHER EDUCATION

UCO professor receives DaVinci Institute award

Wei Chen, a University of Central Oklahoma professor of biomedical engineering,
was honored with the first DaVinci Institute Fellows Award by the DaVinci
Institute of Oklahoma.

The award is based on the premise that creative thought and insight are
fundamental components of extraordinary scholarship, invention, teaching and
performance across academic disciplines.

Chen is a tenured professor in UCO's department of physics and engineering. He
earned his bachelor's degree from Shandong University in China and his master's
and doctoral degrees from the University of Oregon, all in physics.

Researcher honored

A research article in the 2006 edition of "Business Research Yearbook" has
ranked Nicholas Romano Jr. of Oklahoma State University as the third-most
prolific electronic commerce researcher in the world.

The award is based on the number of refereed articles appearing in the top four
electronic commerce journals from 1998 to 2004.   OC names engineering dean

Robert Mitchell, head of the engineering program at the University of
Missouri-Rolla, was named associate dean for engineering in Oklahoma Christian
University's college of professional studies beginning in the fall.

Oklahoma Christian offers degrees in the areas of mechanical, electrical and
computer engineering. Mitchell earned his master's and doctoral degrees in
electrical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   Business
center planned

Oklahoma City Community College and the Greater Oklahoma City Hispanic Chamber
of Commerce will open the first Hispanic Business Assistance Center in the state
Friday at the chamber's headquarters, 4316 S Walker. The grand opening will be
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.

The initiative is funded by a $141,000 grant from the Oklahoma State Regents for
Higher Education. The center will provide business consulting services and
professional development seminars for new and existing business owners. The
first class will be Saturday at UMB Stockyards.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: Office of Justice Programs Awards More Than $34 Million to Build
Sustainable, Science-Based Crime Reduction Strategies

LENGTH: 1297  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Assistant Attorney General Karol V. Mason of the Justice Department's Office of
Justice Programs (OJP) today announced funding of more than $34.5 million,
through nine separate grant programs, to more than 40 jurisdictions, research
institutions and other grantees, to reduce crime, improve community safety and
provide a science-based approach to criminal justice operations.





 Administered under OJP's Bureau of Justice Assistance, the "Smart Suite" of
programs represents a strategic approach that brings more science into criminal
justice operations by leveraging innovative applications of analysis, technology
and evidence-based practices with the goal of improving performance and
effectiveness while containing costs.  The Smart Suite touches every aspect of
the criminal justice system, from arrest to prosecution to reentry, relying on
practitioner-researcher relationships that use data, evidence and innovation to
enable jurisdictions to understand the full nature and extent of local crime
challenges.



 During the Sept. 7, 2016, Smart Suite Summit, Assistant Attorney General Mason
described the programs' proven track records of helping communities target crime
hot spots, promote neighborhood revitalization and increase public safety.  She
noted that Corning, California--a Byrne Criminal Justice Program grant
recipient--saw a 30 percent decrease in violent crime since early 2015.  Under
the Smart Prosecution Initiative, the St. Louis, Missouri, Circuit Attorney's
Office is now working with police, courts and local university researchers on a
gun diversion program that targets individuals convicted of a felony.



 "These successes are no accident," said Assistant Attorney General Mason.
"They happened because of a commitment to smart, sustainable public safety
strategies grounded in data and research.  These awards help communities pursue
evidence-based and community partnerships to reduce crime and increase public
safety."



 Grants awarded to specific jurisdictions under individual 2016 Smart Suite
programs include the following:



 Enhancing Researcher-Practitioner Partnerships: Smart Suite Training and
Technical Assistance Program: More than $2.1 million was awarded to Michigan
State University under this program, which supports the development,
enhancement, and needs of researcher-practitioner relationships in all of the
Smart Suite programs. The training and technical assistance includes measuring
individual program outcomes; using data to identify criminal justice and public
safety-related problems; assessing implementation fidelity; developing logic
models; developing "real time" products and resources for strategic decision
making; and making recommendations for program improvement. For more information
about this program, visit http://go.usa.gov/xKep8.



 Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation Program: About $8 million was awarded to 10
local criminal justice and community agencies and research institutions via
this program, which helps  communities develop comprehensive strategies that
target neighborhoods with hot spots of crime and violence. Awardees include: the
Boston Public Health Commission; the City of Battle Creek, MI; the Board of
Highland County Ohio Commissioners; Rockdale County, GA; the City of Hartford,
CT; the City of Shreveport, LA; the Milwaukee Police Dept., WI; the University
of Maryland; Northwest N.J. Community Action Program, Inc.; and the City of
Tulsa, OK. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyw.



 Smart Policing Initiative. More than $4.4 million was awarded to five
jurisdictions and the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council under this program.
This initiative seeks to promote analysis-driven, evidence-based policing by
encouraging state, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies to develop
effective, economical and innovative responses to crime. Awardees include: The
City of Lowell, MA; the City of Madison, WI; the Detroit Police Dept.; the
Kansas City, MO Board of Police Commissioners; and the County of Sacramento, CA.
Nearly $1 million went to CNA Corporation to provide training and technical
assistance to grant recipients. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyf.



 Project Safe Neighborhoods: More than $5.7 million was awarded to 16
jurisdictions under this program, which creates safer neighborhoods through a
sustained reduction in gang violence and gun crime. PSN has a cooperative
approach and unified strategies led by the U.S. Attorney (USA) who with a
collaborative PSN task force of federal, state, and local law enforcement,
community members, and other key partners to implements using data and research
with a local research partner.



 Smart Prosecution Initiative: More than $2.2 million was awarded to five
jurisdictions under this program, which encourages state, local, and tribal
prosecutorial agencies to develop analysis-driven, evidence-based and
economically-sound practices. Awardees include: Essex County, N.J. Prosecutor's
Office; D.C. Office of the Attorney General; Chatham County, GA Board of
Commissioners/District Attorney; Jackson County, MO Prosecutor's Office; and the
Florida State Attorney's Office, 11th Judicial Circuit. This award includes
$461,852 in funding to the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys for training and
technical assistance. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyd.



 Smart Defense Initiative Answering Gideon's Call: Improving Public Defense
Delivery Systems Competitive Grant: Nearly $400,000 was awarded to support the
expansion of the Smart Defense program to Contra Costa County, CA, in addition
to the five sites funded in FY 2015.  Smart Defense strives to ensure that all
persons accused of a crime have the aid of a lawyer with the time, ability, and
resources to present an effective defense. For more information about this
program, visit http://go.usa.gov/xKeyU.



 Smart Pretrial Initiative: Nearly $300,000 was awarded to support the
sustainment phase of this effort to enhance the pretrial process in three
locations, to enhance the use of risk assessment in pretrial decisions, enhance
the fairness of the process and to increase pretrial detention and use of jail
for low risk persons in the pretrial process.



 Smart Reentry: Focus on Evidence-based Strategies for Successful Reentry from
Incarceration to Community Program: Nearly $6 million was awarded to six
jurisdictions under this program, which helps communities develop strategies
that increase formerly incarcerated individuals' successful reentry into their
communities. Awardees include: the Wisconsin Dept. of Justice; Newark, N.J.;
Contra Costa County, CA; Fulton County, GA; Prince George's County, MD; and
Muscogee Creek Nation, OK. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKepm



 Smart Supervision Program: More than $5.4 million was awarded to seven
jurisdictions under this program. This initiative is designed to improve
supervision strategies that will reduce recidivism through evidence-based
probation and parole approaches.  Awardees include: Cuyahoga County, Ohio,
Common Pleas Court; Office of the Attorney General of Virginia; the Wisconsin
Dept. of Corrections; the Connecticut Judicial Branch; the Louisiana Dept. of
Public Safety and Corrections; the Ohio Dept. of Rehabilitation and Correction;
and the Virginia Dept. of Corrections. Two additional awards totaling $737,886
will be awarded separately to the National Reentry Resource Center for training
and technical assistance for this program.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Office of Justice Programs Awards More Than $34 Million to Build Sustainable,
Science-Based Crime Reduction Strategies

LENGTH: 1313  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  Assistant Attorney General Karol V. Mason of the Justice Department's Office
of Justice Programs (OJP) today announced funding of more than $34.5 million,
through nine separate grant programs, to more than 40 jurisdictions, research
institutions and other grantees, to reduce crime, improve community safety and
provide a science-based approach to criminal justice operations.





 Administered under OJP's Bureau of Justice Assistance, the "Smart Suite" of
programs represents a strategic approach that brings more science into criminal
justice operations by leveraging innovative applications of analysis, technology
and evidence-based practices with the goal of improving performance and
effectiveness while containing costs.  The Smart Suite touches every aspect of
the criminal justice system, from arrest to prosecution to reentry, relying on
practitioner-researcher relationships that use data, evidence and innovation to
enable jurisdictions to understand the full nature and extent of local crime
challenges.



 During the Sept. 7, 2016, Smart Suite Summit, Assistant Attorney General Mason
described the programs' proven track records of helping communities target crime
hot spots, promote neighborhood revitalization and increase public safety.  She
noted that Corning, California--a Byrne Criminal Justice Program grant
recipient--saw a 30 percent decrease in violent crime since early 2015.  Under
the Smart Prosecution Initiative, the St. Louis, Missouri, Circuit Attorney's
Office is now working with police, courts and local university researchers on a
gun diversion program that targets individuals convicted of a felony.



 "These successes are no accident," said Assistant Attorney General Mason.
"They happened because of a commitment to smart, sustainable public safety
strategies grounded in data and research.  These awards help communities pursue
evidence-based and community partnerships to reduce crime and increase public
safety."



 Grants awarded to specific jurisdictions under individual 2016 Smart Suite
programs include the following:



 Enhancing Researcher-Practitioner Partnerships: Smart Suite Training and
Technical Assistance Program: More than $2.1 million was awarded to Michigan
State University under this program, which supports the development,
enhancement, and needs of researcher-practitioner relationships in all of the
Smart Suite programs. The training and technical assistance includes measuring
individual program outcomes; using data to identify criminal justice and public
safety-related problems; assessing implementation fidelity; developing logic
models; developing "real time" products and resources for strategic decision
making; and making recommendations for program improvement. For more information
about this program, visit http://go.usa.gov/xKep8.



 Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation Program: About $8 million was awarded to 10
local criminal justice and community agencies and research institutions via
this program, which helps  communities develop comprehensive strategies that
target neighborhoods with hot spots of crime and violence. Awardees include: the
Boston Public Health Commission; the City of Battle Creek, MI; the Board of
Highland County Ohio Commissioners; Rockdale County, GA; the City of Hartford,
CT; the City of Shreveport, LA; the Milwaukee Police Dept., WI; the University
of Maryland; Northwest N.J. Community Action Program, Inc.; and the City of
Tulsa, OK. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyw.



 Smart Policing Initiative. More than $4.4 million was awarded to five
jurisdictions and the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council under this program.
This initiative seeks to promote analysis-driven, evidence-based policing by
encouraging state, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies to develop
effective, economical and innovative responses to crime. Awardees include: The
City of Lowell, MA; the City of Madison, WI; the Detroit Police Dept.; the
Kansas City, MO Board of Police Commissioners; and the County of Sacramento, CA.
Nearly $1 million went to CNA Corporation to provide training and technical
assistance to grant recipients. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyf.



 Project Safe Neighborhoods: More than $5.7 million was awarded to 16
jurisdictions under this program, which creates safer neighborhoods through a
sustained reduction in gang violence and gun crime. PSN has a cooperative
approach and unified strategies led by the U.S. Attorney (USA) who with a
collaborative PSN task force of federal, state, and local law enforcement,
community members, and other key partners to implements using data and research
with a local research partner.



 Smart Prosecution Initiative: More than $2.2 million was awarded to five
jurisdictions under this program, which encourages state, local, and tribal
prosecutorial agencies to develop analysis-driven, evidence-based and
economically-sound practices. Awardees include: Essex County, N.J. Prosecutor's
Office; D.C. Office of the Attorney General; Chatham County, GA Board of
Commissioners/District Attorney; Jackson County, MO Prosecutor's Office; and the
Florida State Attorney's Office, 11th Judicial Circuit. This award includes
$461,852 in funding to the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys for training and
technical assistance. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKeyd.



 Smart Defense Initiative Answering Gideon's Call: Improving Public Defense
Delivery Systems Competitive Grant: Nearly $400,000 was awarded to support the
expansion of the Smart Defense program to Contra Costa County, CA, in addition
to the five sites funded in FY 2015.  Smart Defense strives to ensure that all
persons accused of a crime have the aid of a lawyer with the time, ability, and
resources to present an effective defense. For more information about this
program, visit http://go.usa.gov/xKeyU.



 Smart Pretrial Initiative: Nearly $300,000 was awarded to support the
sustainment phase of this effort to enhance the pretrial process in three
locations, to enhance the use of risk assessment in pretrial decisions, enhance
the fairness of the process and to increase pretrial detention and use of jail
for low risk persons in the pretrial process.



 Smart Reentry: Focus on Evidence-based Strategies for Successful Reentry from
Incarceration to Community Program: Nearly $6 million was awarded to six
jurisdictions under this program, which helps communities develop strategies
that increase formerly incarcerated individuals' successful reentry into their
communities. Awardees include: the Wisconsin Dept. of Justice; Newark, N.J.;
Contra Costa County, CA; Fulton County, GA; Prince George's County, MD; and
Muscogee Creek Nation, OK. For more information about this program, visit
http://go.usa.gov/xKepm



 Smart Supervision Program: More than $5.4 million was awarded to seven
jurisdictions under this program. This initiative is designed to improve
supervision strategies that will reduce recidivism through evidence-based
probation and parole approaches.  Awardees include: Cuyahoga County, Ohio,
Common Pleas Court; Office of the Attorney General of Virginia; the Wisconsin
Dept. of Corrections; the Connecticut Judicial Branch; the Louisiana Dept. of
Public Safety and Corrections; the Ohio Dept. of Rehabilitation and Correction;
and the Virginia Dept. of Corrections. Two additional awards totaling $737,886
will be awarded separately to the National Reentry Resource Center for training
and technical assistance for this program. For more information about this
program, visit http://go.usa.gov/xKeV3.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2012 Friday

Occaneechi mark 10 years of state recognition

BYLINE: Roselee Papandrea, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Feb. 10--MEBANE --It's been 10 years since the Occaneechi Band of the Saponi
Nation received official recognition as an Indian tribe from the state of North
Carolina.

The change hasn't resulted in the tribe receiving any major benefits over the
past 10 years but that wasn't why the Occaneechi, which has descendants from
Alamance and Orange counties, fought so hard for recognition.

"In large part, I think, the most important aspect of it is simply a sense of
pride," said Forest Hazel, the tribe's historian.

The Occaneechi spent about 12 years trying to get on the list of
state-recognized Indian tribes first through four different hearings with the
N.C. Commission of Indian Affairs. Each time, the commission turned the group
down, claiming it didn't meet enough criteria to qualify as a recognized tribe.

The tribe then turned to the court system and eventually the N.C. Court of
Appeals decided in favor of the Occaneechi. It was a hard fought battle that
meant a lot to the tribe.

"It was paramount to the psyche of my people and my tribe," said Tony Hayes, who
is chairman of the Occaneechi Tribal Council as well as the chief executive
officer of the N.C. Indian Economic Development Initiative. "Obviously, it
validates all the things we already knew of the tribe, and, at least this way
it's documented and if there are opportunities with the state, we would be in
line for that.

And there have been some advantages.

"Certainly it has enabled the tribe to have a voice on the state level, which
was lacking prior to that," Hazel said.

Since the Occaneechi are recognized by the state, it means the tribe has a
representative who sits on the N.C. Commission of Indian Affairs. Sharn
Jeffries, who is the vice chairman of the Tribal Council, is the group's
representative on the commission.

In 2004, the tribe purchased a 25-acre tract of land off Dailey Store Road in
Pleasant Grove, and it is there in a small building on the property where the
Tribal Council holds its monthly meetings. The group also has the
Occaneechi-Saponi Pow-Wow on the land most years in June to celebrate and
educate the public about the tribe's culture.

The Occaneechi can now compete with other state-recognized tribes for certain
types of funding that's available from the state.

"A lot of people have the idea that with official recognition comes a whole pot
of money and that certainly is not the case, particularly nowadays with the
economy as tight as it is," Hazel said.

But there are college scholarships geared toward applicants who are part of
state- or federally recognized Indian tribes.

"Now, these are open to our young people," Hazel said. "They are not guaranteed
the scholarships but at least they can put their names in the hat for it."

Recognized tribes can participate in programs administered by the Commission of
Indian Affairs, such as tobacco and health education programs. The Occaneechi
also have spent the last 10 years participating in the N.C. Museum of History's
annual Indian heritage month festival celebrated every November.

"It gives us the opportunity to educate the public about our tribe, which was
not available prior to recognition," Hazel said.

___ (c)2012 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120210-BT-Occaneechi-mark-10-years-of-state-recognition-0210-20120210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2012 Times-News

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 29, 2011 Thursday

Veering from the text

BYLINE: Ashok Pradhan

SECTION: BHUBANESWAR

LENGTH: 1164 words


BHUBANESWAR: A paradigm shift to e-governance in college education and
commencing infrastructure development for IIT and National Institute of Science
Education and Research (NISER) were the high points of education in the state
this year. An unprecedented strike by block grant teachers, who stopped teaching
and took to the streets for over a month in pursuance of their demands touched
the other end of the scale in TOI's annual assessment.

E-admission, new exam, syllabi pattern perks for Plus II, III

In an ambitious programme, the government mandated online admission for Plus II
and Plus III courses across the state this year. The switch to the automation
process under the Student Academic Management System (SAMS) project brought to
light the exact state of affairs of different colleges. "It is one of the
biggest initiatives in recent years to bring transparency in admission, student
selection and bring efficiency in functioning," said Dr Jasobanta Behera,
controller of examinations of Council of Higher Secondary Education. The system
enables to know which college stands where in terms of student intake. It also
gives a clearer picture of the most sought after courses and colleges, he said.

Another major initiative was the government decision this year to change
examination pattern and syllabus of Plus II courses. "It will increase
percentage scores of students from the state. The general perception is that
they are scoring low because of our subjective questions and are at a
disadvantageous position at the national level," said Behera.

Seventy per cent questions will be objective type under this system, requiring
answers only in a yes or a no, multiple choices or single word answers. Only 30%
questions will be subjective, requiring long answers. Currently at least 40%
questions in Plus II are subjective type.

It was also decided to change the syllabus, which resembles that of Central
Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) now. At least 80% of the syllabus will be
CBSE-type from next year. Since the Centre has been planning to conduct common
entrance tests for medical and engineering disciplines in the future, a
CBSE-type syllabus pattern is aimed at creating a level playing field for
students from Odisha while competing at the national level, Behera said.

He pointed out it is a matter of concern that the number of students taking
admission in Plus II and those passing the Plus II examination are not
increasing the way it should. While over five lakh students appear for Class X
examination per year on an average, the number is almost halved by the time
students reach Plus II level. The new initiatives are aimed at increasing the
number of students passing Plus II level, he said.

Infrastructure boost for IIT, NISER

In a fillip to higher education, infrastructure development for permanent
campuses of IIT and NISER began in 2011. Construction work for the permanent
campus of NISER on a 300-acre site near Jatni began in July. The Rs 457-crore
project would include a prayer hall on the hill top, five schools of different
specialties, 11 hostels of 200 capacity each, an aquatic centre, healthcare
centre and guest house. Larsen and Toubro has undertaking the construction work.
The Department of Atomic Energy institute plans to move to its Janti campus by
2013. "The work is on at a very fast pace. We are hopeful the hostels will be
ready by July 2012," said Dr Abhaya Kumar Naik, registrar of NISER.

Construction work for a permanent IIT campus at Aragul village also started in
August this year. The work, however, has not progressed much so far. The state
had allotted 936 acres of land for the campus. However, the institute is still
facing problems in taking possession of some patches of land because of local
issues, which is affecting the work. The Union government has approved
construction of 2,21,000 sq meters of covered area (63,000 sq meters for an
academic complex and 1,58,000 sq meters for a residential complex) in the first
phase, for which an outlay of Rs 388 crores has already been provided.

Yawning vacancies at tech colleges

It was a bad year for technical education though. Of the 41,000 engineering
seats in 110 technical institutes in the state, around 20,000 seats remained
vacant this year, up from a vacancy of 18,000 last year. Around 3,000 seats each
are lying vacant in MBA and MCA disciplines. Despite multiple court cases and
hectic parleys with the government, the colleges could not fill the vacancies.
"It was really a bad year," said Binod Dash, honorary secretary of Odisha
Private Engineering College Association. "The chaotic e-counselling, inefficient
functioning of Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT) and archaic
provisions in Orissa Professional Education Act were to blame for the situation.
Let's hope things will improve in the new year," he said.

Block grant stir

Despite multiple government initiatives to facilitate compulsory and free
education to children in six to 14 years age group, loopholes in the
government's approach in this regard was exposed when an estimated 17,000 block
grant teachers boycotted work and took to the streets first in August-September
for 42 days and then again for around a week in December, pressing for several
long-standing, unfulfilled demands of full grant in-aid for block grant schools
and abolition of the block grant system.

Trying to appease them ahead of panchayat elections, the state government
managed to break their agitation by enhancing assistance to them by around two
times. The government announced to given them 60% of their salary and grade pay
as recommended in the 6th Pay Commission and 11% dearness allowance from April
1. Till now, the teachers and employees of such schools were getting 60% of
salary as fixed by the 5th Pay Commission, plus 11% DA. The decision will put a
financial burden of Rs 72.88 crore annually on the public exchequer.

Free poll ride

Taking a populist ride in the education segment ahead of the forthcoming
panchayat polls in the state, the state government in October launched a free
bicycles scheme for Class X girl students in government and government-aided
schools and for boys from scheduled caste and scheduled tribes in 118 tribal
-dominated blocks, benefiting nearly 1 lakh girls and 12,000 boys. Each student
was entitled to receive account payee cheques worth Rs 2,600 under the scheme
towards the purchase of bicycles. The government earmarked Rs 75 crore for the
scheme for 2011.

Change of guard in six varsities

Six universities in the state got new vice-chancellors in 2011. There was change
of guard in Utkal University, Ravenshaw University, Sambalpur University, Veer
Surendra Sai University of Technology (VSSUT), North Orissa University and Fakir
Mohan University.

And new minster too

The department of higher education had a new minister in office this year.
Badrinarayan Patra replaced Debi Prasad Mishra who was shifted to forest and
environment ministry.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               December 20, 1999

The neglected workforce;
Despite a 4% U.S. unemployment rate, most American Indians cant get work.
Meanwhile, IT managers hire increasing numbers of foreign workers under H-1B
visas. New initiatives hope to change that picture by bringing technology and
training to the reservations By Bronwyn Fryer

SECTION: BIZ - CAREERS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 1042 words

Rae Peppers has her hands full. As director of the Tribal Business Information
Technology Center at Dull Knife Memorial Tribal College on the Cheyenne
reservation near Billings, Mont., she's single-handedly building a 100-client
Windows NT network. She's also installing a T1 line and setting up a
7,000-record tribal enrollment database. Unemployed she isn't.
By contrast, too many of the estimated 2.4 million American Indians have no work
at all -- a shameful situation, given that the overall U.S. unemployment rate
remains at a historic low of 4%.
In technology-related fields, managers are so desperate for workers that
Congress this year passed a special bill doubling the number of H-1B visas for
foreign workers with IT skills. But despite the robust economy, many American
Indian tribes suffer unemployment rates of a staggering 50%, some even higher.
This scenario has spurred American Indian leaders, academics and philanthropic
organizations to focus on two-year tribal colleges like Dull Knife, which they
say can make a huge difference in reservation economies. Under a recent grant
from the National Science Foundation, tribal colleges are being outfitted with
advanced information systems that will allow students to take distance-learning
classes.
Meanwhile, the colleges' computer science courses are encouraging young people
to become interested in technology. "We're trying to jump a generation of
technology to train a generation of young American Indian people in the field,"
says Tom Davis, president of Lac Courte Oreilles Ojibwa Community College in
Hayward, Wis., and spokesman for the American Indian Higher Education Consortium
(AIHEC).
Peoples of the (Remote) Land
Tribal members and others who work closely with American Indians cite a number
of reasons why this group hasn't yet benefited from the explosion of the
information economy. Primary among these is geography: Many reservations are far
from major urban areas.
"My mother is from Juneau," says Alaskan Tlingit tribe member Mark Trebian, who
today works as an asynchronous network designer at Lac Courte Oreilles. "There's
no real infrastructure up there. Communication is all phone-based, and it's
spotty at that."
James Laducer, a Chippewa tribe member who runs one of the very few privately
owned American Indian companies in the U.S., blames the 200-year-old tribal
system of government that "fosters dependency and limits free enterprise."
An estimated 38% of the highly skilled employees at Laducer's company, Laducer
and Associates, an IT services firm near Bismarck, N.D., are themselves American
Indian. Laducer says all his employees have a high work ethic, but the
reservation system from which they come discourages enterprise.
The protective, insular culture of reservation life has also discouraged tribe
members from investigating technology. "A lot of our people don't want to leave
home, and they're frightened of technology," Peppers says.
Indeed, technology is anathema to a people whose traditions and culture depend
on physical contact with the earth and other people, observes Victor Chavez, who
leads Sandia National Laboratories' small-business empowerment programs from his
office in Albuquerque, N.M. Chavez is working with local Navajo and Laguna
Pueblo tribes to bring technology onto reservations.
"When the key to the culture is its roots in Mother Earth, the virtual world --
using e-mail to talk to someone in Japan, or selling a handwoven blanket on the
Internet -- is a difficult concept to grasp," Chavez says.
Despite these daunting issues, young people with access to computers and an
interest in technology can enjoy stunning success. Example: 25-year-old Darrell
Begay, who grew up on a Navajo reservation in New Mexico and spent his youth
herding cattle. Begay had never touched a computer until he went to a tribal
college. "That's when I took my first computer class, and I've never looked
back," he says.
Begay was able to come up with the $2,700 he needed to enroll in the Summer
Institute in Computer Science (SICS) at the University of California at Irvine.
Today, he's among the 50% of program participants to pursue a degree in computer
science. A senior, he's now a C++ wizard, and he's working at a start-up called
NexTake Corp. in Newport Beach, Calif.
Role Model
"My family is ecstatic that I'm a productive member of society, and that I'm a
model for my nephews and nieces," he says. "I only wish I'd learned about
computers at their age."
American Indians who haven't grown up on reservations feel they have less
difficulty getting an education and acclimating to the broader business culture
of the U.S., says Dan Wall, a Potawatomi tribe member who works as a software
process-improvement manager at Stamford, Conn.-based Xerox Corp. Wall grew up in
New York state and has visited the tribe's reservation in Oklahoma only once.
This distancing has played a part in his attitude, he says: "I've always felt
that the opportunity is there for anyone with the education and the skills."
Mark Hunter, a 26-year-old Choctaw tribe member who grew up in San Antonio and
is now working as an electronic business specialist at IBM in Dallas, says he's
had a similar experience. A keen interest in engineering and good grades in
school helped Hunter graduate from Dartmouth College, where he was part of a
small group of American Indian students.
Today, Hunter is helping IBM "expand the pond for qualified Native Americans
with the right skills," he says. IBM sponsors high school students with
internships, scholarships and tutoring and support programs like SICS.
Today, educational and philanthropic organizations are looking harder at
reservations and are just starting to make inroads. In addition to SICS and
AIHEC, others are working on bringing technology and training to a population
that has been largely overlooked.
The key to economic recovery and self-sufficiency, they say, is the Internet. By
bringing the Internet to tribal colleges and, if possible, to homes on
reservations, American Indians who want to stay on reservations will gain an
economic and educational tool they haven't had before. w
Fryer is a freelance writer in Santa Cruz, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Computerworld, Inc.

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly rejects junk food tax

BYLINE: By Noel Lyn Smith The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


Shiprock   With hip-hop music blaring, Malcolm Long was busy working out
Thursday in the weight room at Dinc College's north campus in Shiprock.

Long, of Teec Nos Pos, Ariz., exercises there two or three times a week because
his community does not have a gym or a wellness center. The nearest one is about
17 miles away at the Four Corners Regional Health Center in Red Mesa, Ariz.

"It has become part of my life now," the 24-year-old Dinc College student said,
adding he feels "out of balance" when he does not exercise.

But Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly on Wednesday vetoed legislation that
would have generated revenue to build more gyms and wellness centers on the
reservation.

The bills would have eliminated a tax on fruits and vegetables and added one on
junk food purchased on the reservation.

In January, the Navajo Nation Council approved legislation to add a 2 percent
sales tax to junk food purchased on the reservation and to eliminate the 5
percent sales tax on fresh fruits and fresh vegetables. Revenue collected from
the junk food tax would have been deposited into a Community Wellness
Development Projects Fund and used by chapters to develop recreational areas
such as wellness centers, community parks, basketball courts, swimming pools and
walking, running and biking trails.

Long said he believes having a wellness center in his hometown would help
residents improve their health.

"You'd be surprised how many people actually go to the gym," he said.

The tribe's current sales tax rate is 5 percent for any item purchased on tribal
lands. The additional 2 percent sales tax would have expired at the end of 2018,
unless extended by the council.

In a memorandum from Shelly to Speaker Johnny Naize and council delegates, the
president wrote the tribal government is not prepared to implement and collect
taxes on junk food.

Shelly said he is concerned there is no funding to pay for the additional work
that would be required of the Office of the Navajo Tax Commission, which is
"already underfunded." He added that the proposed tax changes would result in
educating retail stores about the changes, amending tribal tax forms and
instructions and reprogramming cash registers to identify junk food items.

"The bottom line is that Navajo people will be taxed to pay for community
wellness projects to address health concerns that are the trust responsibility
of the federal government," he wrote in a press release issued Wednesday.

As for eliminating the tax on fruit and fresh vegetables, it would "hinder" the
tax revenue that goes to chapters, the judicial and public facilities fund,
scholarships and economic development by "a significant amount," Shelly wrote in
his memorandum.

Denisa Livingston, a community advocate with Dinc Community Advocacy Alliance,
said the group worked for two years on the two pieces of legislation, and they
are "disappointed" that they were ultimately vetoed. But, she said, the group is
exploring the possibility of reintroducing both bills.

While standing outside a Zumba class the group sponsored Thursday in Shiprock,
Livingston said the president highlighted his administration's focus on health
and wellness and First Lady Martha Shelly is working to prevent childhood
obesity and promote healthy eating. But, she said, "with the bills being vetoed,
that questions where they really stand."

Rather than putting the responsibility of implementing healthy initiatives on
the federal government, like Shelly wrote in his memorandum, it can be done by
the Navajo people, she said.

"According to our Navajo wellness teachings and philosophy, we have to take
responsibility for our own actions," Livingston said.

Delegate Danny Simpson sponsored both bills and plans to introduce legislation
to override the veto, according to a press release from the Office of the
Speaker. Noel Lyn Smith covers the Navajo Nation for The Daily Times. She can be
reached at 505-564-4636 and @nsmithdt on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Diné College student Malcolm Long does ring dips on Thursday at the
Diné College fitness center in Shiprock.
Denisa Livingston, a community advocate with Diné Community Advocacy Alliance,
stands outside the site of a Zumba event her group organized on Thursday in
Shiprock.
Diné College student Malcolm Long does ring dips on Thursday at the Diné College
fitness center in Shiprock. Long travels to the center from his home in Teec Nos
Pos, Ariz., several times a week to work out.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

NASA grant will open new worlds for students at FDLTCC

BYLINE: Wendy Johnson, The Pine Journal, Cloquet, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 560 words


Aug. 19--A grant from the National Aeronautic and Space Administration (NASA)
could put students at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College (FDLTCC) in the
company of international scientists.

FDLTCC was one of only four colleges in the United States to be awarded the
grant, which amounts to some $150,000 a year for up to three years to enhance
studies in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).

"This is really exciting for the college in terms of curriculum improvement and
collaborative research," said Elizabeth Sedgwick, primary grant writer and head
of FDLTCC's geography/geospatial technologies

program.

Sedgwick explained that under the grant funding, students and a panel of faculty
members from the college will be able to work in tandem with two NASA
researchers from the National Space, Science and Technology Center in
Huntsville, Ala. A student/faculty team will also have the opportunity to travel
to Huntsville in the summer to further enhance their knowledge and studies. In
addition, FDLTCC will incorporate various curricular developments to enhance
selected STEM courses, along with the addition of two new courses, one in
computer science and the other in geospatial technologies and environmental
science.

The program is part of NASA's Curriculum Improvement Partnership Award for the
Integration of Research project, emphasizing environmental modeling and research

experience.

As an example of the types of subject matter that could be studied under the new
initiative, Sedgwick said, students might research various watershed
applications based on the school's database collected as part of the St. Louis
River Watch project in order to translate it into a "real world" modeling
experience. She suggested students might also take a look at the toxic plume
released into the air following the benzene spill of1992 in Superior and utilize
specific modeling applications to explore what happened and why.

Sedgwick said the first year of the grant will essentially be spent planning.

"The hope is that much of this will be student-driven," said Sedgwick.
"Garnering student interest will be a big part of making it successful."

The overall program will be monitored by an outside evaluator, Dr. Annette Lee,
a professor of astronomy and physics at St. Cloud State University. FDLTCC
faculty involved in the project, in addition to Sedgwick, include Ted Wetherbee,
mathematics/computer science;

Connie Wappes, mathematics/ robotics; Jay Sandal, environmental science/biology;
Mick Gillespie, biology; and Andy Wold, biology.

Other colleges receiving the grant award included California State University in
San Bernardino (partnering with the College of the Desert in Palm Desert,
Calif.), Rust College in Holly Springs, Miss. (partnering with Mid-South
Community College in West Memphis, Ark.), and the Navajo Technical College in
Crownpoint, N.M.

The approximately $600,000 in grant money awarded by NASA is targeted at schools
that serve large numbers of minority or under-represented students to strengthen
programs. In return, NASA hopes to help build the type of knowledgeable and
diverse work force needed to meet both the agency's own emerging needs as well
as those of the country.

___ (c)2011 The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minn.) Visit The Pine Journal (Cloquet,
Minn.) at www.pinejournal.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110819-CQ-NASA-grant
-will-open-new-worlds-for-students-at-FDLTCC-0819-20110819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CQ


                        Copyright 2011 The Pine Journal

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Christian from Landikotal gets US scholarship

BYLINE:  Farid Shinwari

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 658

LENGTH: 226  words


Northern Virginia Community College in the US awarded a year-long scholarship to
a first-ever Fata Christian youth hailing from Landikotal, Khyber Agency.

Sajid Masih, 25, son of Ijaz Masih, resident of Landikotal had applied to the
Community College Initiative Programme (CCIP) 2013-14. Total 882 applicants had
processed their applications for the same scholarship across the Pakistan in
which Sajid Masih was selected.

Before his departure to USA, Sajid Masih in an exclusive interview told The
Frontier Post that all of his education, accommodation, medical, tuition fee and
travel costs would be paid by the State department of the United States of
America.

According to him and concerned officials with the scholarship, Sajid Masih was
the ever first from the minority community living in Fata who was awarded any
international scholarship in the history of Pakistan.

Jubilant Sajid Masih said that the purpose of the scholarship is to build-up
strong world by upholding the lower communities across the world. "This is a
great opportunity for me being a Christian to promote a soft image of my tribal
people during my stay in the USA" Sajid Masih explained.

He said that he would be the student of Virginia Community Collage from July
2013 to May 2014, a year long stay and would be attending project management and
Leadership classes throughout the year.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                 August 3, 2009

Minnesota DHS receives $10 million to combat alcohol abuse

BYLINE: Capitol Report Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 194  words


The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) has been awarded more than $10
million to reduce fatalities, injuries and other consequences attributed to
high-risk alcohol use among college students and veterans over the next five
years.

The money comes from a grant through the Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Services Administration, which is part of the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services.

Alcohol use levels are particularly high among 18- to 24-year-old college
students and veterans returning from combat. The results: alcohol-related motor
vehicle crashes, alcohol poisoning, unwanted sexual encounters and emergency
department trauma admissions, according to Carol Falkowski, director of the DHS
Alcohol and Drug Abuse Division. Historically, Minnesota is near the top of
state rankings in terms of overall drinking and binge drinking, she said.

DHS aims to reduce the rates of alcohol abuse, morbidity and mortality among
college students through prevention initiatives at the state, community and
tribal levels. It will also monitor the patterns of substance abuse by returning
veterans and plan prevention programs accordingly, Falkowski said.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

ABOUT TOWN

SECTION: E; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1254 words


Meehan with NDSU

Miranda Meehan has joined North Dakota State University's Animal Sciences
Department as the NDSU Extension Service's first livestock environmental
stewardship specialist.

She will develop Extension programs and conduct applied research related to
environmental stewardship for the state's livestock producers.

Meehan, who grew up on a small livestock operation near Tuttle, earned her
master of science degree in animal and range science at NDSU in 2008 and her
Ph.D. in natural resource management at NDSU in 2011.

Her doctoral research resulted in the development of an ecological site
description detailing the processes occurring in the riparian ecosystems in the
Sheyenne River in eastern North Dakota. Riparian ecosystems are transitional
areas between uplands, which don't have water, and streams, rivers or lakes.

These systems consist of a stream channel and the stream's flood plain, where
the water table, flooding and the soil's water-holding capacity influence the
vegetation.

Before joining NDSU, Meehan worked as a natural resource specialist for Carlson
McCain Inc., an environmental consulting firm in Bismarck.

Hoeven honored

Sen. John Hoeven received the North Dakota Parent Teacher Association's "Friend
of the Child" award for his support of child-related legislation. The annual
award was created in 1992 to honor individuals who have "given exemplary service
to children and youth."

Hoeven, as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, has backed key
education funding programs such as Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Title
I grants, Impact Aid and Rural and Special Education programs. Hoeven also
authored the Native American Children's Safety Act, legislation that puts
protections in place for Native American children who have been placed into the
tribal foster care system.

Spirit award

CHI St. Alexius Health awarded Dr. Guy Tangedahl the Benedictine Spirit Award
during the 2015 Doctor's Day celebration. The Benedictine Spirit Award is
presented annually to a physician who provides distinguished service to patients
and upholds the mission and values outlined by the Sisters of St. Benedict of
Annunciation Monastery.

For more than 22 years, Tangedahl has contributed to the growth and well-being
of CHI St. Alexius Health, and exhibits a strong ethical stance to the medical
community. Tangedahl is currently the associate program director; he previously
served as program director 1994-2006, for UND Center for Family Medicine
Residency Program and was recently appointed to CHI St. Alexius Health's board
of directors.

Tangedahl graduated from University of North Dakota School of Medicine and
Health Sciences in 1982. He went on to complete a residency in Family Medicine
in Minot. He is board certified in family medicine with a Certificate of Added
Qualifications in geriatrics. He has served on the UND School of Medicine's
Admissions Committee for a number of years and was the medical director for CHI
St. Alexius Health's Transitional Care Unit. He is actively involved with the
North Dakota Academy of Family Physicians.

UTTC staff

United Tribes Technical College has made the following personnel changes:

Wes Long Feather has been named as director of the Human Resource Department. He
was a leadership figure in UTTC's administration and HR departments in 2003-10.
He served in the administration and personnel department of the Standing Rock
Sioux Tribe and in public relations at Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Dakota
before returning to the college in January. As head of HR, he is involved in
building success into the college's workforce and professional staff, a job he
is familiar with.

Lisa Azure is the new vice president of Academic Affairs. She taught at UTTC for
21 years, starting at the elementary level at Theodore Jamerson Elementary
School and moving to postsecondary teaching in the field of early childhood
education. Her post-graduate work was at the University of North Dakota, where
she earned a Ph.D. in teaching and learning. She is a strong proponent of
cultural-based teaching and developing teacher training programs oriented to the
experience of American Indian students. She coordinated UTTC's development of
bachelor's degree offerings in teacher education. Her work expanded the scope of
teacher training programs, resulting in significant enrollment increases. She
was named UTTC's American Indian College Fund Faculty Member of the Year in
2006. She continues to chair the Teacher Education Department.

Kathy Johnson was named vice president of Student Services and has been at UTTC
since 2004. She served as director of Enrollment Services, supervising
admissions, financial aid, registration, recruitment and career development. She
served as associate vice president of Student and Campus Services and interim
vice president of that division in 2014. Her work now focuses on providing
direct services through more than one dozen departments to United Tribes
students who come from tribal communities across the United States. Johnson's
higher education training includes an associate degree in business
administration and accounting from Fort Berthold Community College. Her
bachelor's degree in social work is from Minot State University and her MBA is
from the University of Mary. She is a member of the Three Affiliated Tribes of
the Mandan/Hidatsa/Arikara Nation. Her mother is Judy White Bear Fredericks and
her late father is John "Buzz" Fredericks Jr.

Bill Gourneau has returned as the vice president of Campus Services. He formerly
directed the college's Tribal Analytics Institute in 2004. His work now involves
supervising the personnel of nine departments that provide services to the
campus properties and associated support service functions. He was awarded a
Bush Foundation Leadership Fellowship and was part of the inaugural group
involved in the foundation's "Rebuilding Native Nations" initiative in 2010. He
holds a doctorate in educational leadership from the University of North Dakota.
He twice served in senior leadership capacities at Turtle Mountain Community
College: from 1996 to 2001 as the college's dean of Academic Services and
2005-13 as Human Resources director. He is an enrolled citizen of the Turtle
Mountain Band of Chippewa; his wife, Linda (Three Affiliated), is a physician
and they have two children.

Charisse Fandrich was named executive assistant to the United Tribes president.
She served in that capacity on an interim basis over the past year. She came to
United Tribes in 2011 and served as tribal and community development liaison in
the Development Department. A Black Hills native and Sicangu Lakota enrolled at
Rosebud, Fandrich has an extensive background working with income and community
development. She and her husband, David, live in Mandan.

Mike Iken was named the new director of Community Wellness Services. He served
in that capacity as interim director since July 2014, supervising the services
provided in the college's Lewis Goodhouse Wellness Center. He is a licensed
social worker and licensed professional counselor and a University of Mary
alumnus with a bachelor of science degree in social work and a master of science
in community counseling. He joined United Tribes in 2010 as an academic and
personal counselor. In 2012, he became director of UTTC's Center for Academic
and Personal Counseling. His service in the wellness center includes
coordinating campus veterans' services (since 2011) and managing the college's
domestic violence grant programs (2012).

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 April 06, 2013

PDP, Keyamo Laud FG's Amnesty Committe On Boko Haram Insurgencts

LENGTH: 644 words


The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lauded President Goodluck Jonathan's
decision to constitute an Amnesty Committee on the Boko Haram insurgency.

This commendation is contained in a statement by the National Publicity
Secretary, Mr Olisa Metuh, in Abuja on Saturday.

Metuh said that the president by the committee had demonstrated his "sincerity
and forthrightness" in handling national issues.

According to him, the president has shown that he is, indeed, a listening leader
and that the unity of the country is paramount to him in line with the vision of
the founding fathers of our nation.

"We believe the initiative of the president in setting up the committee is the
best decision at the moment and we are optimistic about its workability.

"We assure Nigerians that the PDP remains resolute in the commitment to
restoring peace in the country, especially in the north.

"And to return the region to its lost glory as the hub of unity, investment and
trade in the country and the West African sub-region.

"Indeed, there is no part of the country that is more accommodating than the
north which has always been home for all people, irrespective of religious creed
and tribal affiliations.

"We, therefore, call on the leaders of the north to take advantage of the
president's initiative and pursue peace so as to return the entire north to its
lost glory," Metuh said.

The statement noted that the north used to be the most receptive region in the
country prior to Boko Haram insurgency

According to the statement, the president's move will ultimately yield the
desired results by enhancing national unity.

Metuh said that Jonathan had again shown his humility and commitment to carry
all Nigerians along in all his actions in line with the tenets of democracy.

He said the president demonstrated this by giving the committee the terms of
reference to consider the feasibility or otherwise of granting amnesty to the
Boko Haram members.

Also Lagos-based lawyer, Mr Festus Keyamo, commended government for inaugurating
the committee, pointing out that the amnesty should be an offer rather than an
express grant.

"It is one thing to offer amnesty and another to accept. Granting amnesty
presupposes that an agreement has already been reached between both parties.

"Government can only grant amnesty when the offer has been accepted by Boko
Haram," he said.

Keyamo added that while it is a welcomed idea to consider amnesty for the sect,
such amnesty should also be extended people like Henry Okah, who is associated
with a single bomb blast.

Similarly, Mr Wahab Shittu, a lecturer with the Faculty of Law, University of
Lagos, described the committee as a welcome development.

Shittu said the government should continue to reach out to prominent northern
political and traditional leaders in order to find a lasting solution to the
problems posed by the sect.

"The alternative of not granting amnesty to Boko Haram is that we should be
prepared to live with the attendance of more loss of lives and property.

"The sect seems to have overwhelmed our security agencies and what we should do
now is a damage limitation exercise with a view to proffer solution to the
problem," Shittu noted.

However, a constitutional lawyer, Prof. Itse Sagay, told the News Agency of
Nigeria (NAN) that the committee contradicted the earlier stance of President
Goodluck Jonathan on Boko Haram.

He said the president would have a herculean task in appeasing the families of
thousands of Nigerians slaughtered so far by the sect.

"I don't know what he is going to tell them and so I am in a dilemma about this
announcement," Sagay added.

Mr Onyekachi Ubani, the Chairman, Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Ikeja branch,
said granting the sect amnesty without addressing its demands would not solve
the problem.

Ubani said the Boko Haram had refused to disclose why they were waging war
against innocent Nigerians.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

N.D. tribes partnering up to promote tribal tourism

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 882 words


North Dakota tribes will band together and seek state funding in an effort to
promote tourism on reservations as part of North Dakota's larger visitor
experience.

"We want (visitors) to experience the whole state, including native culture,"
said Les Thomas, vice chairman of the Turtle Mountain Tourism Association.

Tribal leaders along with state and federal officials are meeting at the North
Dakota Native Tourism Summit, a two-day event in Bismarck, with the goal of
forming a tribal tourism association in the state, which would be an affiliate
organization of the national American Indian Alaska Native Tourism Association,
and begin developing a plan to pursue a larger tourism industry on reservations.

"The opportunity for tribes is tremendous," said Ed Hall, tourism specialist for
the Bureau of Indian Affairs.

He said by bringing in outside visitors, tribal businesses will benefit from
visitor spending. The influx of dollars would make businesses on the reservation
more sustainable and raise the economic capacity of the tribe.

Strengthening tourism on tribal lands would not only benefit tribes but the
state as a whole. The state Tourism Division markets North Dakota to the world
and the tribes are part of North Dakota.

"Tribes not isolated they're an asset," Hall said. "Tribes open other doors
beyond the usual (tourism) markets."

About 1.7 million international tourists visit Native American communities
annually, presenters from George Washington University said, which accounted for
5 percent of overseas travelers to the United States in 2014.

At ITB in Berlin, one of the world's largest travel trade shows, the tribal
tourism booth within the Discover America display placed ninth out of thousands
two years ago and was in the top 15 last year, Hall said. So the international
interest in tribal-related travel is immense.

"It's a win, win, win situation for the entire state," said Thomas.

A united tribal tourism initiative started after, using grant funds it received
from the Northwest Area Foundation to help with poverty reduction, the Turtle
Mountain Band of Chippewa hired a team from George Washington University to help
develop its tourism assets. It worked out well for the tribe, and it decided to
share that knowledge and success with other tribes in the state.

The statewide tribal association would help bring together the partners needed
for success. The tribes will need to work with state government for marketing,
other towns for creating a larger tourism package and colleges for workforce.

"Tourism in North Dakota is all about partnerships," said Thomas, pointing out
that North Dakota partners with surrounding states in marketing its own
attractions as part of a larger regional visit.

Following that same impetus, in the Fort Berthold travel guide, visitors will
find attractions from the surrounding communities as well as tribal sites. The
same is true for the Turtle Mountain Tourism Association brochure, which depicts
Mystical Horizons, the International Peace Gardens, the tribe's casino, a newly
constructed heritage center, as well as some Canadian destinations. The
association also works with the Norsk Hostfest, promoting one another.

Scott Davis, executive director of the North Dakota Indian Affairs Commission,
said tourism, the state's third largest industry, has long been strong but the
state is working to beef it up even more now that oil and agriculture are
struggling.

Some partnership steps being taken include a master cultural plan with the North
Dakota Parks and Recreation Department at On a Slant Village, including
coordination of tribal ceremonies to be held in the park. There is also a
snowmobile trail that was developed from Bottineau to Belcourt and there have
been talks about a Native American history kiosk at the Bismarck Airport.

"You're landing in Indian country; you want to feel that," Davis said.

The challenge is developing the product, Hall said. Many of the tribes have some
type of tourist attraction but a successful tourism industry will require more
infrastructure, like local businesses and services, than what is currently on
reservations. International travelers will expect a broad spectrum of goods and
services.

Where the tribes' strengths lie are in the possibilities for hands-on
experiences.

"People want to be infused in culture," Hall said.

If they are kayaking down a river, they want to hear stories about it. They want
to know the history behind what they are eating.

There is strong demand for tribal products. The Turtle Mountain tribe makes
baskets that would fit this and visitors could even learn and make their own
baskets alongside artisans. At the new heritage center, which will be open in
July, there will be a tepee village for artists and musicians to do just that.

The tribal tourism association, which will answer to the United Tribes Board of
Directors, will meet again at the annual Tribal Leader's Summit in Bismarck to
craft a strategy for seeking a state appropriation, perhaps as part of the
Tourism Division's budget, to help fund tribal marketing and tourism-related
development.

Should it pass, the NATIVE Act recently passed by the Senate, would be another
resource for tribes at the federal level.

Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program

LENGTH: 5382  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Funding Opportunity Announcement (Foa).
Summary

This notice announces the availability of funds and solicits applications from
eligible entities to compete for financial assistance through the Outreach and
Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers Program (hereinafter the "2501 Program").

The overall goal of the 2501 Program is to assist socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers in owning and operating farms and ranches while
increasing their participation in agricultural programs and services provided by
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). This program will assist
eligible community-based organizations, higher education institutions, and
tribal entities in providing outreach and technical assistance to socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Contents of This Announcement
    I. Funding Opportunity Description
    A. Background
    2. Form of Submission
    B. Scope of Work
    C. Anticipated Outputs/Outcomes
    II. Award Information
    A. Statutory Authority
    B. Expected Amount of Funding
    C. Project Period
    D. Award Type
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Entities
    B. Cost-Sharing or Matching
    C. Threshold Eligibility Criteria
    IV. Proposal and Submission Information
    A. Obtain Proposal Package
    B. Form of Proposal Submission
    C. Content of Proposal Package Submission
    D. Sub-Awards and Partnerships
    E. Submission Dates and Times
    F. Confidential Information
    G. Pre-Submission Proposal Assistance
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Evaluation Criteria
    B. Evaluation Criteria for New Grants Proposals
    C. Selection of Reviewers
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    Proposal Notifications and Feedback
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Data Universal Numbering System, System for Award Management, and Central
Contractor Registry Registration
    D. Reporting Requirement

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) No.: 10.443
DATES: Back to Top

Proposals must be received by August 25, 2014, at 5:00 p.m. EST, at www.grants.
gov. Proposals received after this deadline will not be considered for funding.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

How to File a Complaint of Discrimination: To file a complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, which
may be accessed online at
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/sites/default/files/docs/2012/Complain_combined_6_8_12.
pdf, or write a letter signed by you or your authorized representative.

Send your completed complaint form or letter to USDA by mail, fax, or email:

Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410.

Fax: (202) 690-7442.

Email: program.intake@usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Agency Contact: U.S. Department of Agriculture, DM--Office of Advocacy and
Outreach, Attn: Kenya Nicholas, Acting Program Director, Whitten Building Room
520-A, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202-720-6350,
Fax: 202-720-7136, Email: OASDVFR2014@osec.usda.gov

Persons with Disabilities: Persons who require alternative means for
communication (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), should contact USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Funding/Awards: The total funding potentially available for this competitive
opportunity is $9,100,000. The Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO) will award
new grants from this announcement, subject to availability of funds and the
quality of applications received. All applications will be considered new
projects and will compete based on the applicant's entity type (i.e.,
community-based organization, higher education institution, etc.), as described
below. The maximum amount of requested federal funding for projects shall not
exceed $400,000. The maximum project period is one (1) year.

Funding will be awarded based on peer competition within the three (3)
categories listed below. The amount of funding that OAO anticipates awarding
within each category is identified below; however, OAO reserves the discretion
to make available more or less than those anticipated amounts depending on the
number and quality of applications received. There is no commitment by OAO to
fund any particular application or to make a specific number of awards within
each category.

1. Category #1: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.2, III.A.3, and
III.A.4 (i.e., 1890, 1994, and Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher
education, American Indian tribal community colleges, and Alaska Native
cooperative colleges).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

2. Category #2: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.1 and III.A.6
(i.e., community-based organizations, including a network or a coalition of
community-based organizations, Indian tribes (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b),
and national tribal organizations).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

3. Category #3: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.5 and III.A.7
(i.e., all other institutions of higher education and other organizations or
institutions that received funding under this program before January 1, 1996).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $1,100,000.
Contents of This Announcement Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity Description

II. Award Information

III. Eligibility Information

IV. Proposal and Submission Information

V. Application Review Information

VI. Award Administration Information
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top
A. Background

The 2501 Program, administered by the OAO, is committed to ensuring equitable
participation in USDA programs. Community-based organizations, higher education
institutions, and eligible tribal entities can play a critical role in
addressing the unique difficulties socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers face. Differences in demographics, culture, economics, and other
factors preclude a single approach to identifying solutions that can benefit
farmers and ranchers by connecting them with resources available from USDA.

1. The 2501 Program was authorized by the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act of 1990. The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008 expanded the
authority of the Secretary of Agriculture (the Secretary) to provide awards
under the program and transferred the administrative authority to OAO. The 2014
Farm Bill further expanded the program to include outreach and assistance to
veterans. The 2501 Program extends USDA's capacity to work with members of
farming and ranching communities by funding projects that enhance the equitable
participation of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers in USDA
programs. Projects are intended to build lasting relationships between USDA and
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers to improve their ability
to start and maintain successful agricultural businesses.
2. Form of Submission

Organizations may only submit one proposal for funding.
B. Scope of Work

The 2501 Program provides funding for outreach and technical assistance projects
designed to assist socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers in
owning and operating viable agricultural enterprises. The OAO requests
applications from eligible entities, which will provide outreach and technical
assistance to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Proposed activities must address two or more of the following priority areas:

1. Assist socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and ranchers in owning and
operating successful farms and ranches;

2. Improve participation among socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and
ranchers in USDA programs;

3. Build relationships between current and prospective socially disadvantaged or
veteran farmers and ranchers and USDA's local, state, regional and National
offices;

4. Provide outreach and education to socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers
and ranchers on USDA class action lawsuits and claims processes; and/or

5. Introduce agriculture-related information to socially disadvantaged or
veteran farmers and ranchers through innovative outreach and technical
assistance techniques.

To encourage information sharing and to build capacity among awardees, the OAO
may require Project Directors to attend a training conference. The conference
will allow awardees to share ideas and lessons learned, provide training on
performance and financial reporting requirements, and provide information on
USDA programs and services. In addition, Project Directors will have an
opportunity to make contacts and gather information.
C. Anticipated Outputs/Outcomes

1. Outputs. The term "output" means an outreach or assistance activity, effort,
and associated work product related to improving the ability of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers to own and operate farms and
ranches and to participate equitably in USDA programs and related activities.
Outputs may be quantitative or qualitative but must be measurable during an
assistance agreement funding period.

Examples of outputs from the projects to be funded under this announcement may
include, but are not limited to, the following:

a. Number of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers or ranchers served;

b. number of completed applications to USDA programs;

c. number of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers who
attended conferences or trainings;

d. number of conferences or training sessions held;

e. type and topic of educational materials distributed at outreach events;

f. creation of a program to enhance the viability of socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers; or

g. activity that supports increased participation of socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers in USDA programs.

Creation of progress and final reports will be required, as specified in Section
VI, Subsection D, "Reporting Requirement."

2. Outcomes. The term "outcome" means the result, effect, or consequence that
will occur from carrying out an outreach or assistance program or activity that
is related to a programmatic goal or objective. Outcomes may be agricultural,
behavioral, social, economic, or programmatic in nature.

Projects funded under this announcement are required to document anticipated
outcomes, including but not limited to:

a. Increase in participation in USDA programs among socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers;

b. increase in receptiveness of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers to outreach efforts through effective communication;

c. increase in economic stability of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers within a defined geographic area;

d. increase in community marketing and sales opportunities for the products of
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers; or

e. increased use of resource conservation and sustainability practices among
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

3. Performance Measures. To be eligible for consideration for funding, the
applicant must develop performance measures expected to be achieved through
proposed activities. These performance measures will provide insight and will be
the mechanism to track progress. It is expected that the description of
performance measures will include an estimate of the number of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers served by the outreach and
assistance activities of the project, including the assumptions used to make
those estimates.

The following are questions to consider when developing output and outcome
measures of quantitative and qualitative results:

What are the measurable short term and longer term results the project will
achieve?
    How does the plan measure progress in achieving the expected results
(including outputs and outcomes) and how will the approach use resources
effectively and efficiently?

II. Award Information Back to Top
A. Statutory Authority

The statutory authority for this action is 7 U.S.C. 2279, as amended, which
authorizes award funding for projects designed to provide outreach and
assistance to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.
B. Expected Amount of Funding

The total estimated funding expected to be available for awards under this
competitive opportunity is $9.1 million. Funding will be awarded based on peer
competition within the three (3) categories listed below. The amount of funding
that OAO anticipates awarding within each category is identified below; however,
OAO reserves the discretion to make available more or less than those
anticipated amounts depending on the number and quality of applications
received. There is no commitment by OAO to fund any particular application or to
make a specific number of awards within each category.

1. Category #1: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.2, III.A.3, and
III.A.4 (i.e., 1890, 1994, and Hispanic-serving institutions of higher
education, American Indian tribal community colleges, and Alaska Native
cooperative colleges).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

2. Category #2: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.1 and III.A.6
(i.e., community-based organizations, including a network or a coalition of
community-based organizations, Indian tribes (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b),
and national tribal organizations).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

3. Category #3: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.5 and III.A.7
(i.e., all other institutions of higher education and other organizations or
institutions that received funding under this program before January 1, 1996).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $1,100,000.
C. Project Period

The project period for awards resulting from this solicitation will not begin
prior to the effective award date and may not exceed one year.
D. Award Type

Funding for selected projects will be in the form of a grant which must be fully
executed no later than September 30, 2014. The anticipated Federal involvement
will be limited to the following activities:

1. Approval of awardees' final budget and statement of work accompanying the
grant agreement;

2. Monitoring of awardees' performance through quarterly and final reports; and

3. Evaluation of awardees' use of federal funds through required quarterly
performance and financial reports and on-site visits.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Entities

1. Any community-based organization, network, or coalition of community-based
organizations that:

Demonstrates experience in providing agricultural education or other
agricultural-related services to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers;
    provides documentary evidence of work with, and on behalf of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers during the 3-year period
preceding the submission of a proposal for assistance under this program; and
    does not or has not engaged in activities prohibited under Section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

2. An 1890 or 1994 institution of higher education (as defined in 7 U.S.C. §
7601).

3. An American Indian tribal community college or an Alaska Native cooperative
college.

4. A Hispanic-Serving Institution of higher education (as defined in7 U.S.C. §
3103).

5. Any other institution of higher education (as defined in 20 U.S.C. § 1001)
that has demonstrated experience in providing agricultural education or other
agricultural-related services to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

6. An Indian tribe (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b) or a National tribal
organization that has demonstrated experience in providing agricultural
education or other agriculturally-related services to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.

7. All other organizations or institutions that received funding under this
program before January 1, 1996 but only with respect to projects that the
Secretary considers are similar to projects previously carried out by the entity
under this program.
B. Cost-Sharing or Matching

Matching is not required for this program.
C. Threshold Eligibility Criteria

Applications from eligible entities that meet all criteria will be evaluated as
follows:

1. Proposals must comply with the submission instructions and requirements set
forth in Section IV of this announcement. Pages in excess of the page limitation
will not be considered.

2. Proposals must be received through www.grants.gov as specified in Section IV
of this announcement on or before the proposal submission deadline. Applicants
will receive an electronic confirmation receipt of their proposal from www.
grants.gov.

3. Proposals received after the submission deadline will be considered late
without further consideration.

4. Proposals must address two or more of the priority areas that provide
outreach and assistance to socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and
ranchers as stated in Section I, Subsection B, Scope of Work.
IV. Proposal and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Obtain Proposal Package

Applicants may download individual grant proposal forms from www.grants.gov. For
assistance with www.grants.gov, please consult the Applicant User Guide at
(http://grants.gov/assets/ApplicantUserGuide.pdf).
B. Form of Proposal Submission

Applicants are required to submit proposals through www.grants.gov. Applicants
will be required to register through www.grants.gov in order to begin the
proposal submission process.

Proposals must be submitted by August 25, 2014, via www.grants.gov at 5:00 p.m.
EST. Proposals received after this deadline will not be considered.
C. Content of Proposal Package Submission

All submissions must contain completed and electronically signed original
application forms, as well as a Narrative Proposal, as described below.

1. Forms. The forms listed below can be found in the proposal package at www.
grants.gov.

Standard Form 424, Application for Federal Assistance;
    Standard Form 424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs; and
    Standard Form 424B, Non-Construction Programs.

2. Attachments. The elements listed below are required for all grant proposals
and are included in the proposal package at www.grants.gov as fillable PDF
templates. Applicants must download and complete these attachments and save the
completed PDF files to the application submission portal at www.grants.gov.
NOTE: Please number each page of each attachment and indicate the total number
of pages per attachment (i.e., 1 of 10, 2 of 10, etc.).

Attachment 1: Project Summary. In 15 double-spaced pages or less (one-inch
margins, 12-point font), indicate the organization that will conduct the
project, the geographical area served by the project, and the priority areas
that will be addressed by the project. Please be concise.

[#x25cb] Discuss the merits of your proposed project. Specifically, it is
critical that the proposal: (1) Define and establish the existence of the needs
of socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers in the defined geographic area;
(2) define and establish the existence of the needs of veteran farmers and
ranchers in the defined geographic area; (3) identify the experience of the
organization(s) taking part in the project; (4) identify the geographic area of
service; and (5) discuss the potential impact of the project.

[#x25cb] Identify the qualifications, relevant experience, education, and
publications of each Project Director or collaborator. Also, specifically
discuss the roles and responsibilities of key personnel within the scope of work
to be completed by the proposed project. This includes past completed projects
and financial management experiences.

In an organized format, map out the timeline for each task to be accomplished
during the proposed award period. Identify the relationship of each task to a
priority area identified as one of the five priority areas in Section I,
Subsection B.
    Attachment 2: Budget Narrative. The budget narrative should identify and
describe the costs associated with the proposed project, including sub-awards or
contracts and indirect costs. Other funding sources may also be identified in
this attachment. Each cost indicated must be fully allowable under the Federal
Cost Principles in order to be funded. The budget narrative should not exceed 2
pages.
    Attachment 3: Appendices. Letters of Commitment, Letters of Support and
approvals or other actions by Tribal Governments are encouraged but not required
documentation for this funding opportunity. However, applicants can consolidate
all supplemental materials into one additional attachment. Do not include
sections from other attachments as an Appendix.

D. Sub-Awards and Partnerships

Funding may be used to provide sub-awards, which includes using sub-awards to
fund partnerships; however, the awardee must utilize at least 50 percent of the
total funds awarded, and no more than three subcontracts will be permitted. All
sub-awardees must comply with applicable requirements for sub-awards. Applicants
must compete for services, contracts and products, including consultant
contracts, and conduct cost and price analyses to the extent required by
applicable procurement regulations.

The OAO awards funds to one eligible applicant as the awardee. Please indicate a
lead applicant as the responsible party if other eligible applicants are named
as partners or co-applicants or members of a coalition or consortium. The
awardee is accountable to the OAO for the proper expenditure of all funds.
E. Submission Dates and Times

The closing date and time for receipt of proposal submissions is August 25,
2014, at 5:00 p.m., EST via www.grants.gov. Proposals received after the
submission deadline will be considered late without further consideration.
F. Confidential Information

In accordance with 7 CFR 2500.017, the names of entities submitting proposals,
as well as proposal contents and evaluations, will be kept confidential to the
extent permissible by law. If an applicant chooses to include confidential or
proprietary information in the proposal, it will be treated in accordance with
Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Exemption 4 of the FOIA
protects trade secrets, and commercial and financial information obtained from a
person that is privileged or confidential.
G. Pre-Submission Proposal Assistance

1. The OAO may not assist individual applicants by reviewing draft proposals or
providing advice on how to respond to evaluation criteria. However, the OAO will
respond to questions from individual applicants regarding eligibility criteria,
administrative issues related to the submission of the proposal, and requests
for clarification regarding the announcement. Any questions should be submitted
to OASDVFR2014@osec.usda.gov

2. The OAO will post questions and answers (Q&A's) relating to this funding
opportunity during its open period at www.grants.gov on the following Web page:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/. The OAO will update the Q&A's on a weekly
basis and conduct webinars on an as-needed basis.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Evaluation Criteria

Only eligible entities whose proposals meet the threshold criteria in Section
III of this announcement will be reviewed according to the evaluation criteria
set forth below. Applicants should explicitly and fully address these criteria
as part of their proposal package. Each proposal will be reviewed under the
regulations established under 7 CFR Chapter XXV Part 2500 Subpart C.

The OAO will use a point system to rate each proposal, awarding a maximum of 100
points (95 points, plus an additional 5 discretionary points for programmatic
priorities). Each proposal will be given a numerical score by the independent
review panel, and will be rank-ordered accordingly. Preliminary funding
recommendations will be provided to the designated approving official based on
this ranking. Final funding decisions will be made by the designated approving
official.
B. Evaluation Criteria for New Grants Proposals
Criteria  Points
1. Project Narrative: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the extent to
which the narrative includes a well-conceived strategy for addressing the
requirements and objectives stated in: (i) Section I, Part B, Scope of Work (15
points), identifying two or more of the priority areas; (ii) Section I, Part
C(1) Anticipated Outputs (15 points), documenting the extent to which the
proposal seeks to connect socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers with USDA agricultural programs; (iii) Section I, Part C(2),
Anticipated Outcomes (10 points), indicating the final result or effect of your
proposed project as it relates to the overall goals and objectives of the
program; and (iv) Section I, Part C(3) Performance Measures (5 points),
documenting the extent to which the applicant clearly demonstrates how they will
ensure timely and successful completion of the project and whether the proposal
sets forth a reasonable time schedule for execution of the tasks associated with
the projects. In addition, the OAO may award up to 5 discretionary points for
the following Secretary priorities and initiatives:  45
o Projects assisting beginning farmers and ranchers (as defined in 7 U.S.C.
3319f);  5
o Projects to assist StrikeForce states/communities as identified through the
StrikeForce Initiative);
o Projects that propose to assist with USDA's commitment to Tribal organizations
with successful demonstration on implementation methods encompassing Tribal
participation and buy-in;
o Projects located in rural Promise Zones;
o Projects with an emphasis on partnering with other USDA government agencies to
leverage resources and to promote other USDA programs and initiatives (research,
small and beginning farmers, and feeding programs, etc.); and
o Projects that maximize areas of coverage for outreach by leveraging and
partnering/collaborating with other Federal, state, local resources, etc.
2. Tracking and Measuring: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the
effectiveness of the applicant's plan for tracking and measuring its progress
toward achieving the expected project outputs and outcomes  20
3. Programmatic Capability: Under this criterion, applicants will be evaluated
based on their ability to successfully complete and manage the proposed project
taking into account the applicant's: (i) (5 points) organizational experience
and plan for timely and successfully achieving the objectives of the proposed
project; and (ii) (5 points) staff expertise/qualifications, staff knowledge,
and resources or the ability to obtain them, to successfully achieve the goals
of the proposed project  10
4. Past Funding Performance: Under this criterion, applicants will be evaluated
based on their demonstrated ability to successfully complete and manage the
proposed project taking into account the applicants' past performance in
successfully completing and managing prior funding agreements identified in
Attachment 1 of the proposal as described in Section IV.C of the announcement  5

5. Budget: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the proposed project
budget to determine whether, (i) (10 points) costs are reasonable to accomplish
the proposed goals, objectives, and measurable outcomes; and (ii) (5 points) the
proposed budget provides a detailed breakdown of the approximate funding used
for each major activity  15
C. Selection of Reviewers

Reviewers will be selected based upon training and experience in relevant fields
including, outreach, technical assistance, cooperative extension services,
education, statistical and ethnographic data collection and analysis, and
agricultural programs. Reviewers will be drawn from a diverse group of experts
to create balanced review panels. More information on the selection of reviewers
can be found in 7 CFR 2500.023.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices
Proposal Notifications and Feedback

1. The successful applicant will be notified by the OAO via telephone, email, or
postal mail. The notification will advise the applicant that its proposed
project has been evaluated and recommended for award. The notification will be
sent to the original signer of the SF-424, Application for Federal Assistance.
The award notice will be forwarded to the grantee for execution and returned to
the OAO grants officer, who is the authorizing official. Once grant documents
are executed by all parties, authorization to begin work will be given. At a
minimum, this process can take up to 30 days from the date of recommendation.

2. The OAO will send notification to unsuccessful applicants via email or postal
mail. The notification will be sent to the original signer of the SF-424,
Application for Federal Assistance.

3. Applicant feedback will be provided using the procedures established by 7 CFR
Chapter XXV Part 2500.026.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

All awards resulting from this FOA will be administered in accordance with the
OAO assistance regulations codified at 7 CFR Part 2500. A listing and
description of general federal regulations and cost principles applicable to the
award of assistance agreements under this FOA can be found in 7 CFR Chapter XXV
Part 2500.003.
C. Data Universal Numbering System, System for Award Management, and Central
Contractor Registry Registration

In accordance with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
(FFATA) and the USDA implementation, all applicants must obtain and provide an
identifying number from Dun and Bradstreet's (D&B) Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS). Applicants can receive a DUNS number, at no cost, by calling the
toll-free DUNS Number request line at 1-866-705-5711, or visiting the D&B Web
site at www.dnb.com.

In addition, FFATA requires applicants to register with the Central Contractor
Registry (CCR) and the System for Award Management (SAM). This registration must
be maintained and updated annually. Applicants can register or update their
profile, at no cost, by visiting the SAM Web site at www.sam.gov which will
satisfy both the CCR and SAM registration requirements.
D. Reporting Requirement

In accordance with 7 CFR Chapter XXV Part 2500.045 and 2500.046, the following
reporting requirements will apply to awards provided under this FOA. The OAO
reserves the right to revise the schedule and format of reporting requirements
as necessary in the award agreement.

1. Quarterly progress reports and financial reports will be required.

Quarterly Progress Reports. The awardee must submit the OMB-approved Performance
Progress Report form (SF-PPR, Approval Number: 0970-0334). For each report, the
awardee must complete fields 1 through 12 of the SF-PPR. To complete field 10,
the awardee is required to provide a detailed narrative of project performance
and activities as an attachment, as described in the award agreement. Quarterly
progress reports must be submitted to the designated OAO official within 30 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.
    Quarterly Financial Reports. The awardee must submit the Standard Form 425,
Federal Financial Report. For each report, the awardee must complete both the
Federal Cash Transaction Report and the Financial Status Report sections of the
SF-425. Quarterly financial reports must be submitted to the designated OAO
official within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

2. Final progress and financial reports will be required upon project
completion. The final progress report should include a summary of the project or
activity throughout the funding period, achievements of the project or activity,
and a discussion of problems experienced in conducting the project or activity.
The final financial report should consist of a complete SF-425 indicating the
total costs of the project. Final progress and financial reports must be
submitted to the designated OAO official within 90 days after the completion of
the award period.

Carolyn Parker,

Director, Office of Advocacy and Outreach.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and
Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program

LENGTH: 5382  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Funding Opportunity Announcement (Foa).
Summary

This notice announces the availability of funds and solicits applications from
eligible entities to compete for financial assistance through the Outreach and
Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers Program (hereinafter the "2501 Program").

The overall goal of the 2501 Program is to assist socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers in owning and operating farms and ranches while
increasing their participation in agricultural programs and services provided by
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). This program will assist
eligible community-based organizations, higher education institutions, and
tribal entities in providing outreach and technical assistance to socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Contents of This Announcement
    I. Funding Opportunity Description
    A. Background
    2. Form of Submission
    B. Scope of Work
    C. Anticipated Outputs/Outcomes
    II. Award Information
    A. Statutory Authority
    B. Expected Amount of Funding
    C. Project Period
    D. Award Type
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Entities
    B. Cost-Sharing or Matching
    C. Threshold Eligibility Criteria
    IV. Proposal and Submission Information
    A. Obtain Proposal Package
    B. Form of Proposal Submission
    C. Content of Proposal Package Submission
    D. Sub-Awards and Partnerships
    E. Submission Dates and Times
    F. Confidential Information
    G. Pre-Submission Proposal Assistance
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Evaluation Criteria
    B. Evaluation Criteria for New Grants Proposals
    C. Selection of Reviewers
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    Proposal Notifications and Feedback
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Data Universal Numbering System, System for Award Management, and Central
Contractor Registry Registration
    D. Reporting Requirement

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) No.: 10.443
DATES: Back to Top

Proposals must be received by August 25, 2014, at 5:00 p.m. EST, at www.grants.
gov. Proposals received after this deadline will not be considered for funding.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

How to File a Complaint of Discrimination: To file a complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, which
may be accessed online at
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/sites/default/files/docs/2012/Complain_combined_6_8_12.
pdf, or write a letter signed by you or your authorized representative.

Send your completed complaint form or letter to USDA by mail, fax, or email:

Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410.

Fax: (202) 690-7442.

Email: program.intake@usda.gov
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Agency Contact: U.S. Department of Agriculture, DM--Office of Advocacy and
Outreach, Attn: Kenya Nicholas, Acting Program Director, Whitten Building Room
520-A, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202-720-6350,
Fax: 202-720-7136, Email: OASDVFR2014@osec.usda.gov

Persons with Disabilities: Persons who require alternative means for
communication (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.), should contact USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Funding/Awards: The total funding potentially available for this competitive
opportunity is $9,100,000. The Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO) will award
new grants from this announcement, subject to availability of funds and the
quality of applications received. All applications will be considered new
projects and will compete based on the applicant's entity type (i.e.,
community-based organization, higher education institution, etc.), as described
below. The maximum amount of requested federal funding for projects shall not
exceed $400,000. The maximum project period is one (1) year.

Funding will be awarded based on peer competition within the three (3)
categories listed below. The amount of funding that OAO anticipates awarding
within each category is identified below; however, OAO reserves the discretion
to make available more or less than those anticipated amounts depending on the
number and quality of applications received. There is no commitment by OAO to
fund any particular application or to make a specific number of awards within
each category.

1. Category #1: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.2, III.A.3, and
III.A.4 (i.e., 1890, 1994, and Hispanic-Serving Institutions of higher
education, American Indian tribal community colleges, and Alaska Native
cooperative colleges).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

2. Category #2: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.1 and III.A.6
(i.e., community-based organizations, including a network or a coalition of
community-based organizations, Indian tribes (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b),
and national tribal organizations).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

3. Category #3: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.5 and III.A.7
(i.e., all other institutions of higher education and other organizations or
institutions that received funding under this program before January 1, 1996).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $1,100,000.
Contents of This Announcement Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity Description

II. Award Information

III. Eligibility Information

IV. Proposal and Submission Information

V. Application Review Information

VI. Award Administration Information
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top
A. Background

The 2501 Program, administered by the OAO, is committed to ensuring equitable
participation in USDA programs. Community-based organizations, higher education
institutions, and eligible tribal entities can play a critical role in
addressing the unique difficulties socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers face. Differences in demographics, culture, economics, and other
factors preclude a single approach to identifying solutions that can benefit
farmers and ranchers by connecting them with resources available from USDA.

1. The 2501 Program was authorized by the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act of 1990. The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008 expanded the
authority of the Secretary of Agriculture (the Secretary) to provide awards
under the program and transferred the administrative authority to OAO. The 2014
Farm Bill further expanded the program to include outreach and assistance to
veterans. The 2501 Program extends USDA's capacity to work with members of
farming and ranching communities by funding projects that enhance the equitable
participation of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers in USDA
programs. Projects are intended to build lasting relationships between USDA and
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers to improve their ability
to start and maintain successful agricultural businesses.
2. Form of Submission

Organizations may only submit one proposal for funding.
B. Scope of Work

The 2501 Program provides funding for outreach and technical assistance projects
designed to assist socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers in
owning and operating viable agricultural enterprises. The OAO requests
applications from eligible entities, which will provide outreach and technical
assistance to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Proposed activities must address two or more of the following priority areas:

1. Assist socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and ranchers in owning and
operating successful farms and ranches;

2. Improve participation among socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and
ranchers in USDA programs;

3. Build relationships between current and prospective socially disadvantaged or
veteran farmers and ranchers and USDA's local, state, regional and National
offices;

4. Provide outreach and education to socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers
and ranchers on USDA class action lawsuits and claims processes; and/or

5. Introduce agriculture-related information to socially disadvantaged or
veteran farmers and ranchers through innovative outreach and technical
assistance techniques.

To encourage information sharing and to build capacity among awardees, the OAO
may require Project Directors to attend a training conference. The conference
will allow awardees to share ideas and lessons learned, provide training on
performance and financial reporting requirements, and provide information on
USDA programs and services. In addition, Project Directors will have an
opportunity to make contacts and gather information.
C. Anticipated Outputs/Outcomes

1. Outputs. The term "output" means an outreach or assistance activity, effort,
and associated work product related to improving the ability of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers to own and operate farms and
ranches and to participate equitably in USDA programs and related activities.
Outputs may be quantitative or qualitative but must be measurable during an
assistance agreement funding period.

Examples of outputs from the projects to be funded under this announcement may
include, but are not limited to, the following:

a. Number of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers or ranchers served;

b. number of completed applications to USDA programs;

c. number of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers who
attended conferences or trainings;

d. number of conferences or training sessions held;

e. type and topic of educational materials distributed at outreach events;

f. creation of a program to enhance the viability of socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers; or

g. activity that supports increased participation of socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers in USDA programs.

Creation of progress and final reports will be required, as specified in Section
VI, Subsection D, "Reporting Requirement."

2. Outcomes. The term "outcome" means the result, effect, or consequence that
will occur from carrying out an outreach or assistance program or activity that
is related to a programmatic goal or objective. Outcomes may be agricultural,
behavioral, social, economic, or programmatic in nature.

Projects funded under this announcement are required to document anticipated
outcomes, including but not limited to:

a. Increase in participation in USDA programs among socially disadvantaged and
veteran farmers and ranchers;

b. increase in receptiveness of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers to outreach efforts through effective communication;

c. increase in economic stability of socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers within a defined geographic area;

d. increase in community marketing and sales opportunities for the products of
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers; or

e. increased use of resource conservation and sustainability practices among
socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.

3. Performance Measures. To be eligible for consideration for funding, the
applicant must develop performance measures expected to be achieved through
proposed activities. These performance measures will provide insight and will be
the mechanism to track progress. It is expected that the description of
performance measures will include an estimate of the number of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers served by the outreach and
assistance activities of the project, including the assumptions used to make
those estimates.

The following are questions to consider when developing output and outcome
measures of quantitative and qualitative results:

What are the measurable short term and longer term results the project will
achieve?
    How does the plan measure progress in achieving the expected results
(including outputs and outcomes) and how will the approach use resources
effectively and efficiently?

II. Award Information Back to Top
A. Statutory Authority

The statutory authority for this action is 7 U.S.C. 2279, as amended, which
authorizes award funding for projects designed to provide outreach and
assistance to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers.
B. Expected Amount of Funding

The total estimated funding expected to be available for awards under this
competitive opportunity is $9.1 million. Funding will be awarded based on peer
competition within the three (3) categories listed below. The amount of funding
that OAO anticipates awarding within each category is identified below; however,
OAO reserves the discretion to make available more or less than those
anticipated amounts depending on the number and quality of applications
received. There is no commitment by OAO to fund any particular application or to
make a specific number of awards within each category.

1. Category #1: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.2, III.A.3, and
III.A.4 (i.e., 1890, 1994, and Hispanic-serving institutions of higher
education, American Indian tribal community colleges, and Alaska Native
cooperative colleges).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

2. Category #2: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.1 and III.A.6
(i.e., community-based organizations, including a network or a coalition of
community-based organizations, Indian tribes (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b),
and national tribal organizations).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $4,000,000.

3. Category #3: Eligible entities described in Sections III.A.5 and III.A.7
(i.e., all other institutions of higher education and other organizations or
institutions that received funding under this program before January 1, 1996).

Anticipated amount of total funding: $1,100,000.
C. Project Period

The project period for awards resulting from this solicitation will not begin
prior to the effective award date and may not exceed one year.
D. Award Type

Funding for selected projects will be in the form of a grant which must be fully
executed no later than September 30, 2014. The anticipated Federal involvement
will be limited to the following activities:

1. Approval of awardees' final budget and statement of work accompanying the
grant agreement;

2. Monitoring of awardees' performance through quarterly and final reports; and

3. Evaluation of awardees' use of federal funds through required quarterly
performance and financial reports and on-site visits.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Entities

1. Any community-based organization, network, or coalition of community-based
organizations that:

Demonstrates experience in providing agricultural education or other
agricultural-related services to socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers;
    provides documentary evidence of work with, and on behalf of socially
disadvantaged and veteran farmers and ranchers during the 3-year period
preceding the submission of a proposal for assistance under this program; and
    does not or has not engaged in activities prohibited under Section 501(c)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

2. An 1890 or 1994 institution of higher education (as defined in 7 U.S.C. §
7601).

3. An American Indian tribal community college or an Alaska Native cooperative
college.

4. A Hispanic-Serving Institution of higher education (as defined in7 U.S.C. §
3103).

5. Any other institution of higher education (as defined in 20 U.S.C. § 1001)
that has demonstrated experience in providing agricultural education or other
agricultural-related services to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

6. An Indian tribe (as defined in 25 U.S.C. § 450b) or a National tribal
organization that has demonstrated experience in providing agricultural
education or other agriculturally-related services to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.

7. All other organizations or institutions that received funding under this
program before January 1, 1996 but only with respect to projects that the
Secretary considers are similar to projects previously carried out by the entity
under this program.
B. Cost-Sharing or Matching

Matching is not required for this program.
C. Threshold Eligibility Criteria

Applications from eligible entities that meet all criteria will be evaluated as
follows:

1. Proposals must comply with the submission instructions and requirements set
forth in Section IV of this announcement. Pages in excess of the page limitation
will not be considered.

2. Proposals must be received through www.grants.gov as specified in Section IV
of this announcement on or before the proposal submission deadline. Applicants
will receive an electronic confirmation receipt of their proposal from www.
grants.gov.

3. Proposals received after the submission deadline will be considered late
without further consideration.

4. Proposals must address two or more of the priority areas that provide
outreach and assistance to socially disadvantaged or veteran farmers and
ranchers as stated in Section I, Subsection B, Scope of Work.
IV. Proposal and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Obtain Proposal Package

Applicants may download individual grant proposal forms from www.grants.gov. For
assistance with www.grants.gov, please consult the Applicant User Guide at
(http://grants.gov/assets/ApplicantUserGuide.pdf).
B. Form of Proposal Submission

Applicants are required to submit proposals through www.grants.gov. Applicants
will be required to register through www.grants.gov in order to begin the
proposal submission process.

Proposals must be submitted by August 25, 2014, via www.grants.gov at 5:00 p.m.
EST. Proposals received after this deadline will not be considered.
C. Content of Proposal Package Submission

All submissions must contain completed and electronically signed original
application forms, as well as a Narrative Proposal, as described below.

1. Forms. The forms listed below can be found in the proposal package at www.
grants.gov.

Standard Form 424, Application for Federal Assistance;
    Standard Form 424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs; and
    Standard Form 424B, Non-Construction Programs.

2. Attachments. The elements listed below are required for all grant proposals
and are included in the proposal package at www.grants.gov as fillable PDF
templates. Applicants must download and complete these attachments and save the
completed PDF files to the application submission portal at www.grants.gov.
NOTE: Please number each page of each attachment and indicate the total number
of pages per attachment (i.e., 1 of 10, 2 of 10, etc.).

Attachment 1: Project Summary. In 15 double-spaced pages or less (one-inch
margins, 12-point font), indicate the organization that will conduct the
project, the geographical area served by the project, and the priority areas
that will be addressed by the project. Please be concise.

[#x25cb] Discuss the merits of your proposed project. Specifically, it is
critical that the proposal: (1) Define and establish the existence of the needs
of socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers in the defined geographic area;
(2) define and establish the existence of the needs of veteran farmers and
ranchers in the defined geographic area; (3) identify the experience of the
organization(s) taking part in the project; (4) identify the geographic area of
service; and (5) discuss the potential impact of the project.

[#x25cb] Identify the qualifications, relevant experience, education, and
publications of each Project Director or collaborator. Also, specifically
discuss the roles and responsibilities of key personnel within the scope of work
to be completed by the proposed project. This includes past completed projects
and financial management experiences.

In an organized format, map out the timeline for each task to be accomplished
during the proposed award period. Identify the relationship of each task to a
priority area identified as one of the five priority areas in Section I,
Subsection B.
    Attachment 2: Budget Narrative. The budget narrative should identify and
describe the costs associated with the proposed project, including sub-awards or
contracts and indirect costs. Other funding sources may also be identified in
this attachment. Each cost indicated must be fully allowable under the Federal
Cost Principles in order to be funded. The budget narrative should not exceed 2
pages.
    Attachment 3: Appendices. Letters of Commitment, Letters of Support and
approvals or other actions by Tribal Governments are encouraged but not required
documentation for this funding opportunity. However, applicants can consolidate
all supplemental materials into one additional attachment. Do not include
sections from other attachments as an Appendix.

D. Sub-Awards and Partnerships

Funding may be used to provide sub-awards, which includes using sub-awards to
fund partnerships; however, the awardee must utilize at least 50 percent of the
total funds awarded, and no more than three subcontracts will be permitted. All
sub-awardees must comply with applicable requirements for sub-awards. Applicants
must compete for services, contracts and products, including consultant
contracts, and conduct cost and price analyses to the extent required by
applicable procurement regulations.

The OAO awards funds to one eligible applicant as the awardee. Please indicate a
lead applicant as the responsible party if other eligible applicants are named
as partners or co-applicants or members of a coalition or consortium. The
awardee is accountable to the OAO for the proper expenditure of all funds.
E. Submission Dates and Times

The closing date and time for receipt of proposal submissions is August 25,
2014, at 5:00 p.m., EST via www.grants.gov. Proposals received after the
submission deadline will be considered late without further consideration.
F. Confidential Information

In accordance with 7 CFR 2500.017, the names of entities submitting proposals,
as well as proposal contents and evaluations, will be kept confidential to the
extent permissible by law. If an applicant chooses to include confidential or
proprietary information in the proposal, it will be treated in accordance with
Exemption 4 of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Exemption 4 of the FOIA
protects trade secrets, and commercial and financial information obtained from a
person that is privileged or confidential.
G. Pre-Submission Proposal Assistance

1. The OAO may not assist individual applicants by reviewing draft proposals or
providing advice on how to respond to evaluation criteria. However, the OAO will
respond to questions from individual applicants regarding eligibility criteria,
administrative issues related to the submission of the proposal, and requests
for clarification regarding the announcement. Any questions should be submitted
to OASDVFR2014@osec.usda.gov

2. The OAO will post questions and answers (Q&A's) relating to this funding
opportunity during its open period at www.grants.gov on the following Web page:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/. The OAO will update the Q&A's on a weekly
basis and conduct webinars on an as-needed basis.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Evaluation Criteria

Only eligible entities whose proposals meet the threshold criteria in Section
III of this announcement will be reviewed according to the evaluation criteria
set forth below. Applicants should explicitly and fully address these criteria
as part of their proposal package. Each proposal will be reviewed under the
regulations established under 7 CFR Chapter XXV Part 2500 Subpart C.

The OAO will use a point system to rate each proposal, awarding a maximum of 100
points (95 points, plus an additional 5 discretionary points for programmatic
priorities). Each proposal will be given a numerical score by the independent
review panel, and will be rank-ordered accordingly. Preliminary funding
recommendations will be provided to the designated approving official based on
this ranking. Final funding decisions will be made by the designated approving
official.
B. Evaluation Criteria for New Grants Proposals
Criteria  Points
1. Project Narrative: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the extent to
which the narrative includes a well-conceived strategy for addressing the
requirements and objectives stated in: (i) Section I, Part B, Scope of Work (15
points), identifying two or more of the priority areas; (ii) Section I, Part
C(1) Anticipated Outputs (15 points), documenting the extent to which the
proposal seeks to connect socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers and
ranchers with USDA agricultural programs; (iii) Section I, Part C(2),
Anticipated Outcomes (10 points), indicating the final result or effect of your
proposed project as it relates to the overall goals and objectives of the
program; and (iv) Section I, Part C(3) Performance Measures (5 points),
documenting the extent to which the applicant clearly demonstrates how they will
ensure timely and successful completion of the project and whether the proposal
sets forth a reasonable time schedule for execution of the tasks associated with
the projects. In addition, the OAO may award up to 5 discretionary points for
the following Secretary priorities and initiatives:  45
o Projects assisting beginning farmers and ranchers (as defined in 7 U.S.C.
3319f);  5
o Projects to assist StrikeForce states/communities as identified through the
StrikeForce Initiative);
o Projects that propose to assist with USDA's commitment to Tribal organizations
with successful demonstration on implementation methods encompassing Tribal
participation and buy-in;
o Projects located in rural Promise Zones;
o Projects with an emphasis on partnering with other USDA government agencies to
leverage resources and to promote other USDA programs and initiatives (research,
small and beginning farmers, and feeding programs, etc.); and
o Projects that maximize areas of coverage for outreach by leveraging and
partnering/collaborating with other Federal, state, local resources, etc.
2. Tracking and Measuring: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the
effectiveness of the applicant's plan for tracking and measuring its progress
toward achieving the expected project outputs and outcomes  20
3. Programmatic Capability: Under this criterion, applicants will be evaluated
based on their ability to successfully complete and manage the proposed project
taking into account the applicant's: (i) (5 points) organizational experience
and plan for timely and successfully achieving the objectives of the proposed
project; and (ii) (5 points) staff expertise/qualifications, staff knowledge,
and resources or the ability to obtain them, to successfully achieve the goals
of the proposed project  10
4. Past Funding Performance: Under this criterion, applicants will be evaluated
based on their demonstrated ability to successfully complete and manage the
proposed project taking into account the applicants' past performance in
successfully completing and managing prior funding agreements identified in
Attachment 1 of the proposal as described in Section IV.C of the announcement  5

5. Budget: Under this criterion, the OAO will evaluate the proposed project
budget to determine whether, (i) (10 points) costs are reasonable to accomplish
the proposed goals, objectives, and measurable outcomes; and (ii) (5 points) the
proposed budget provides a detailed breakdown of the approximate funding used
for each major activity  15
C. Selection of Reviewers

Reviewers will be selected based upon training and experience in relevant fields
including, outreach, technical assistance, cooperative extension services,
education, statistical and ethnographic data collection and analysis, and
agricultural programs. Reviewers will be drawn from a diverse group of experts
to create balanced review panels. More information on the selection of reviewers
can be found in 7 CFR 2500.023.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices
Proposal Notifications and Feedback

1. The successful applicant will be notified by the OAO via telephone, email, or
postal mail. The notification will advise the applicant that its proposed
project has been evaluated and recommended for award. The notification will be
sent to the original signer of the SF-424, Application for Federal Assistance.
The award notice will be forwarded to the grantee for execution and returned to
the OAO grants officer, who is the authorizing official. Once grant documents
are executed by all parties, authorization to begin work will be given. At a
minimum, this process can take up to 30 days from the date of recommendation.

2. The OAO will send notification to unsuccessful applicants via email or postal
mail. The notification will be sent to the original signer of the SF-424,
Application for Federal Assistance.

3. Applicant feedback will be provided using the procedures established by 7 CFR
Chapter XXV Part 2500.026.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

All awards resulting from this FOA will be administered in accordance with the
OAO assistance regulations codified at 7 CFR Part 2500. A listing and
description of general federal regulations and cost principles applicable to the
award of assistance agreements under this FOA can be found in 7 CFR Chapter XXV
Part 2500.003.
C. Data Universal Numbering System, System for Award Management, and Central
Contractor Registry Registration

In accordance with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
(FFATA) and the USDA implementation, all applicants must obtain and provide an
identifying number from Dun and Bradstreet's (D&B) Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS). Applicants can receive a DUNS number, at no cost, by calling the
toll-free DUNS Number request line at 1-866-705-5711, or visiting the D&B Web
site at www.dnb.com.

In addition, FFATA requires applicants to register with the Central Contractor
Registry (CCR) and the System for Award Management (SAM). This registration must
be maintained and updated annually. Applicants can register or update their
profile, at no cost, by visiting the SAM Web site at www.sam.gov which will
satisfy both the CCR and SAM registration requirements.
D. Reporting Requirement

In accordance with 7 CFR Chapter XXV Part 2500.045 and 2500.046, the following
reporting requirements will apply to awards provided under this FOA. The OAO
reserves the right to revise the schedule and format of reporting requirements
as necessary in the award agreement.

1. Quarterly progress reports and financial reports will be required.

Quarterly Progress Reports. The awardee must submit the OMB-approved Performance
Progress Report form (SF-PPR, Approval Number: 0970-0334). For each report, the
awardee must complete fields 1 through 12 of the SF-PPR. To complete field 10,
the awardee is required to provide a detailed narrative of project performance
and activities as an attachment, as described in the award agreement. Quarterly
progress reports must be submitted to the designated OAO official within 30 days
after the end of each calendar quarter.
    Quarterly Financial Reports. The awardee must submit the Standard Form 425,
Federal Financial Report. For each report, the awardee must complete both the
Federal Cash Transaction Report and the Financial Status Report sections of the
SF-425. Quarterly financial reports must be submitted to the designated OAO
official within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter.

2. Final progress and financial reports will be required upon project
completion. The final progress report should include a summary of the project or
activity throughout the funding period, achievements of the project or activity,
and a discussion of problems experienced in conducting the project or activity.
The final financial report should consist of a complete SF-425 indicating the
total costs of the project. Final progress and financial reports must be
submitted to the designated OAO official within 90 days after the completion of
the award period.

Carolyn Parker,

Director, Office of Advocacy and Outreach.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                          November 16, 2016  Wednesday

How Minority-Serving Institutions Are Responding to Trump's Win - and Making
Their Pitch

BYLINE: Beth McMurtrie

SECTION: ADMINISTRATION; News

LENGTH: 1677  words

ABSTRACT

Such colleges, in the words of one prominent scholar, are the "antidote" to the
blight of minority communities that the president-elect criticized on the
campaign trail.

FULL TEXT

[[photo id="79357" crop="landscape_850x566" align="center" size="full-width"
class=""]]

As a Trump presidency starts to take shape, leaders of minority-serving
institutions and their advocates are building a case for their worth - and how
their work connects to the president-elect's vision. Their campuses, they say,
are critical to improving the lives of lower-income and working-class Americans,
they provide good value, and they are deserving of funds Mr. Trump has said he
wants to spend on the country's infrastructure.

The key, they say, is to get out in front of the Republican agenda - both the
incoming president's and that of the new Congress.

"If Trump really feels that African-American communities are as blighted and
dangerous as he said on the campaign trail, you present yourself as an antidote
to that," says William B. Harvey, a distinguished scholar at the American
Association for Access, Equity, and Diversity. But, he says, "if the strategy is
to wait until people get settled and the policies begin to be developed, then I
think we're behind the eight ball."

Mr. Harvey, a former dean of the School of Education at North Carolina A&T State
University and professor of leadership studies, says historically black colleges
should be combing their alumni databases to find registered Republicans who can
be tapped to reach out to legislators and talk concretely about how their
programs promote job growth and community development. "You have to have an
overtly political agenda here."

Mr. Trump has established fraught relations with the nation's minority groups.
He has described black neighborhoods as ghettos, promised to deport illegal
immigrants, and once suggested that Muslims carry special identification cards.
The days since Mr. Trump's election have been marked by scores of racist
incidents across the country, including several on college campuses.

Because of that, leaders of minority-serving institutions are reacting to Mr.
Trump's election on two fronts. They are tending to students on their campuses
who fear discrimination or deportation. And they are gearing up to advocate for
federal programs and policies that benefit them and their students.

[[relatedpackage align="left" item_limit="3"]]

More than 600 American institutions serve primarily minorities, educating more
than 20 percent of all undergraduates enrolled in higher education, according to
the Center for Minority Serving Institutions at the University of Pennsylvania.
That includes historically black colleges, Hispanic-serving institutions, tribal
colleges, and campuses that serve a high number of Asian-Americans, Native
Americans, and Pacific Islanders.

Nearly half of the students enrolled in those institutions are the first in
their families to attend college; more than half receive Pell Grants for
low-income students. The colleges also play a disproportionate role in serving
minority students. About half of all Latino students attend a Hispanic-serving
institution. And, while historically black colleges enroll only 10 percent of
all black college students, they turn out 18 percent of all black college
graduates.

A Looming Threat

For Hispanic-serving institutions, Mr. Trump's presidency poses an imminent
threat to many of their students. The president-elect has said he wants to
eliminate President Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy, which
has enabled many undocumented students to stay in the United States and attend
college.

"The morning after the election there were undocumented students in my office
crying," says Joseph I. Castro, president of California State University at
Fresno, which has about 1,000 such students on its campus. "Until there's
clarity from the president-elect I think we're going to have nervousness on our
campus and uncertainty."

Antonio R. Flores, president and chief executive of the Hispanic Association of
Colleges and Universities is optimistic that Mr. Trump will scale back his
immigration proposals, pointing to recent comments he has made that he will
focus on deporting criminals. But Mr. Flores is still waiting for a forceful
condemnation of incidents like the Michigan middle-schoolers' chant of "Build
the wall!" as well as other hateful comments by some of Mr. Trump's supporters.
"To me that is disgraceful and it has to be stopped. Not tomorrow, but
yesterday."

At North Carolina Central University, a historically black college, Jarvis A.
Hall, an associate professor of political science, says students there are also
tense and confused. Mr. Trump had minimal support in the black community, and
students at N.C. Central were active in the days leading up to the election in
encouraging voter turnout. The day after, "there was almost this steady stream
of students coming into my office and saying, What happened?" Mr. Hall notes. In
his 20-plus years at the campus, he says, "I've never seen this kind of
reaction."

Walter M. Kimbrough, president of Dillard University, a historically black
college in Louisiana, said the election provides an opportunity for students to
become engaged in the political process. Mr. Kimbrough faced intense criticism
before the election for allowing David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan leader
running for the U.S. Senate, to participate in a candidate debate on campus. He
doesn't regret the decision, and says that Mr. Trump's election proves how
important it is for students to engage with people holding different viewpoints.
"A lawyer doesn't go into court only knowing their own client's side," he says.

Silence on Minority-Serving Colleges

When it comes to policy, Mr. Trump presented few proposals on the campaign trail
that were specific to higher education. He has suggested abolishing the U.S.
Department of Education and eliminating the government's direct-lending program.
And he has also pitched his own version of an income-based loan repayment plan
and promised to scale back regulation, relief that colleges might welcome.

Mr. Trump has not talked specifically about minority-serving institutions.
(Hillary Clinton, by contrast, had pledged to spend $25 billion on historically
black colleges.) Advocates of minority-serving institutions are most worried
about what will happen to spending on Pell Grants and on federal funds devoted
to their institutions, such as Title III and Title IV grants through the
Department of Education. Any cuts to those federal programs would be especially
devastating since many minority-serving institutions operate on the financial
margins, and the grants provide critical support for their financial,
infrastructure, and academic needs.

Marybeth Gasman, director of Penn's Center for Minority Serving Institutions, is
worried that Mr. Trump may target the various White House initiatives created to
support the institutions, such as the one on Historically Black Colleges and
Universities. That policy started during President Jimmy Carter's administration
and has been supported by Republican and Democratic presidents ever since. Given
that Mr. Trump comes from outside the political establishment, she says, there
is no guarantee that he, too, would back those programs.

In general, higher-education associations that represent minority institutions
are positioning themselves as nonpartisan champions of educational equity and
opportunity through which Mr. Trump can improve the economy. "We take the long
view here and we work across the aisle always," says Michael L. Lomax, president
of the United Negro College Fund, which represents private historically black
colleges.

He's optimistic that black colleges can make a convincing case for being engines
of growth - at a low cost. Tuition at UNCF-member colleges is 26 percent less
than at private peer institutions. Given the bipartisan interest in reducing
college costs, he says, that could be a strong selling point for
minority-serving institutions.

In other areas, education advocates see some benefit in Mr. Trump's approach,
particularly his commitment to reducing regulations. Carrie L. Billy, president
of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium, points to the new U.S.
Department of Labor rule on overtime for workers, which increased the salary
ceiling under which employers must pay overtime to about $47,000 a year. In
Washington, D.C., that might not seem like a lot, she says, but in North Dakota,
"probably 95 percent of staff at tribal colleges make less than that.

"That regulation is going to have a tremendously adverse impact on tribal
colleges, with little warning," she said.

Mr. Trump's pledge to put money into infrastructure improvements could also help
minority-serving institutions, many of which have aging campuses and lack
significant endowments. "As we talk about rebuilding the infrastructure of
America broadly we should make the case for HBCUs in particular," says Johnny C.
Taylor Jr., president and chief executive officer of the Thurgood Marshall
College Fund, which represents public historically black colleges.

Mr. Taylor has been laying the groundwork to develop bipartisan support,
including naming Paris Dennard, a Republican strategist and supporter of Mr.
Trump's candidacy, as communications director in September. His appointment was
controversial at the time, but now it looks prescient. And Sam Clovis, national
co-chair and senior policy adviser to Mr. Trump's campaign, visited the
organization three times during campaign season, says Mr. Taylor.

"Thirty-five of my 47 HBCUs sit in a Republican state or House district," says
Mr. Taylor. "We rely on federal support of everything from student loans to Pell
to Title III. So much of our revenue comes from the federal government, we
needed to be on both sides."

Beth McMurtrie writes about campus culture, among other things. Follow her on
Twitter @bethmcmurtrie, or email her at beth.mcmurtrie@chronicle.com

[[relatedcontent align="left" size="full-width"]]

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boimah Sandimanie, a student at the historically black North Carolina
A&T State U., heard President Obama address a Democratic rally last month in
Greensboro, N.C. Minority-serving institutions like Mr. Sandimanie's will try to
demonstrate their value to President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican
Congress.
Leoneda Inge, WUNC
How Minority-Serving Institutions Are Responding to Trump's Win - and Making
Their Pitch 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 27, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Hodel Urging Shift in Indian Programs

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 26


Interior Secretary Donald P. Hodel is proposing a fundamental restructuring of
the relationship between the Federal Government and the nation's 500 Indian
tribes, aimed at promoting greater self-determination and less reliance on the
Government.

He and Ross Swimmer, the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, will outline
the proposal in remarks prepared for delivery before a House Appropriations
subcommittee on Tuesday, which were made available to The New York Times.

In the prepared testimony, Mr. Hodel says that despite the expenditure of
billions of dollars on Indian programs -nearly $3 billion annually in recent
years - ''problems persist in education, health, law enforcement and the
delivery of services.''

Congress, he says, ''has passed so many laws that the portion of the United
States Code related to Indian affairs is about the same size as that related to
labor law or laws governing the Congress.''

Authority at Tribal Level

Instead, responsibility for developing and managing programs for Indians should
be dispersed among individual tribes, according to Mr. Swimmer's text, rather
that administered centrally by the Bureau of Indian Affairs in Washington or in
its regional offices.

Indian leaders have long complained that the current bureaucracy stifles tribal
initiative and responsibility at the same time that it often fails to meet the
real needs of native Americans.

Mr. Swimmer, a former chief of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, emphasized that
the proposal is not that the Federal Government abandon programs or reduce funds
in cases of real need. But while the Bureau of Indian Affairs would continue to
maintain Federal responsibility, much greater autonomy and responsibility would
be granted to individual tribes.

''The B.I.A. is expected to address almost every social and economic ill known
to mankind through approximately 100 discrete programs,'' Mr. Swimmer says.

These include responsibility for delivering a wide spectrum of programs at every
governmental level, overseeing schools, colleges, police, courts, social
services, forests and fisheries, irrigation and electric power systems,
providing job training and employment as well as operating banks, acting as a
trustee for tribal and individual Indian assets, and building dams, roads,
schools and jails.

One Bureau Can't Do Job

''Rather than asking why there are problems in the operation of Indian
programs,'' he says in his text, ''we should ask how anyone can realistically
think that one bureau could fulfill such expectations.

''No one identifies a need in Indian country and then asks which Federal agency
is most capable to do the job. If it's not health-related, the responsibility is
usually given to the bureau.''

As an example, he cites a bureau employee at an office in Oklahoma who is
responsible for certifying applicants for general assistance and child welfare,
approving expenditures from individual trust accounts held for incapacitated
adults and minor children, and overseeing scholarships, adult education and
adult vocational training.

For next year, he says, it has been recommended that the employee also assume
all clerical duties associated with the programs.

Mr. Swimmer cites a report noting that there was one Federal administrator for
every 19 Indians.

To eliminate the cumbersome bureaucracy at the same time that tribes are given
more self-determination, Mr. Swimmer recommends that ''responsibility would
properly be placed at the tribal level for the design and oversight of programs
that respond to local needs.''

Problems Vary Among the Tribes

''True self-determination,'' he says, ''cannot be limited to programs designed
50 years ago - nor even those designed 15 years ago.

''Those programs and delivery systems represent Washington's view of what is
needed or what will work on reservations; and, being bureau-wide programs, they
also operate on the assumption that what works on the Navajo reservation should
work on the Mississippi Choctaw reservation.''

Regarding the financing of Indian programs, he said that those involving trust
resources like land, minerals and trust funds should be ''a responsibility of
the entire Federal Government'' but that support for other services should come
through a new system of direct grants to the tribes.

''With these self-determination funds,'' he says in his text, ''the tribes would
have complete autonomy in determining what programs would be provided. Tribes
not wishing to operate programs directly could contract with the B.I.A. to
operate the programs for them.

''The tribes could design their own programs and contract them to the B.I.A. or,
if they chose, to another Federal or local agency.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Health initiative to end locally

BYLINE: Sarah Stultz, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Dec. 12--State and local officials announced last week Freeborn County will not
receive funding in 2012 through the Statewide Health Improvement Program.

The Minnesota Department of Health awarded 18 grants -- covering 51 counties,
four cities and one tribal government -- to receive funding totaling about $11.3
million.

The Goodhue region -- made up of Freeborn County and nine other southeastern
Minnesota counties -- was not awarded.

"I think it just geographically and financially wasn't in our favor," said Ellen
Kehr, Freeborn County SHIP coordinator. "We were all very disappointed, but the
funding was cut back so dramatically there was just not enough to cover all of
the counties in the state."

SHIP, first signed into law in 2008, seeks to reduce heart disease, cancer,
diabetes and other chronic diseases related to insufficient physical activity,
poor nutrition and commercial tobacco use.

Since July 2009, Freeborn County has received a total of $260,000 through the
SHIP program, of which $160,000 has gone toward grants, $80,000 toward salaries
and $20,000 toward marketing materials.

SHIP money has gone toward everything ranging from disc golf courses, to bike
lanes to trail signage. It has also supported healthy eating in the county's
school districts, worksite wellness and even school gardens -- much through
local partnerships with organizations such as the National Vitality Center and
Pioneering Healthier Communities.

Kehr said she and others will continue to find ways to build on the projects
that have already been completed. She hopes that at some time SHIP funding will
again be available to everyone in the state.

"I believe we can still move forward," she said. "We're all about action in
Albert Lea. The question is whether we will move forward as quickly as we have
been."

Kehr's SHIP position will end at the close of the year.

What has SHIP money gone toward in Freeborn County?

--Disc golf courses at Riverland Community College and at North Park in Alden.

--Signage and bike racks along the Blazing Star Trail.

--Part of the installation of bike lanes on Front Street.

--Kiosks on the walking paths around Fountain Lake.

--"Share the Road" signage to be installed around Fountain Lake.

--Healthy snack carts in Albert Lea schools.

--Steamers for Alden-Conger and Glenville-Emmons schools.

--Food service training for all food service personnel in public schools in
Freeborn County.

--Worksite wellness support for companies working to become tobacco-free.

--Refrigerators and healthy foods for Freeborn County employees.

--A program at Mayo Clinic Health System in Albert Lea that addresses how to
keep people with chronic conditions out of hospitals and in their homes.

--Evaluations for a spinning program offered at the Albert Lea Family Y to any
middle school student in need of extra physical activity.

--School garden at Halverson Elementary School.

--Marketing, brochures and other resources.

--Development of healthyfreeborncounty.org.

Recommended stories:

1. Health initiatives abound this summer

2. Moai initiative kicks off

3. Initiative to better Miss. R. quality

___ (c)2011 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111212-1AL-Health-initiative-to-end-locally-1212-20111212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2011 Albert Lea Tribune

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

NA body hails HEC for holistic growth of higher education sector

LENGTH: 611  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 7 -- The National Assembly's (NA) Standing Committee on
Education has praised Higher Education Commission (HEC) for holistic development
of higher education sector in the country.

According to press release issued on Wednesday, the 14th meeting of the National
Assembly Standing Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training was
held at Higher Education Commission Secretariat on Wednesday.

Standing Committee Chairman Dr Amirullah Marwat presided over the meeting that
was attended by committee members including State Minister for Education
Baleeghur Rehman, HEC Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed as well as senior management of
the commission. While welcoming the committee members to HEC, Dr Mukhtar Ahmed
informed them of the functions and achievements of HEC since its inception in
2002.

He briefed the meeting about allocation of grants to public and private sector
universities during 2015-16 and proposed development projects of HEC in the PSDP
for financial year 2016-17, Prime Minister's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for less
developed areas, Overseas Scholarship Scheme for MS, MPhil and PhD programmes
and steps taken for the promotion of higher education in Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA).

The chairman informed the committee about HEC's recurring as well as development
grants for 2015-16 and elaborated the development in universities across the
country particularly during last three years.

He said that during 2015-16, Rs 2000 million were allocated for the promotion of
research, Rs 3,000 million for tenure track system, Rs 625 million for Pakistan
Education and Research Network, Rs 935 million for digital library, Rs 650
million for inter-university academic activities, Rs 450 million for technical
assistance for capacity building, Rs 598 million for different university
programmes in addition to Rs 42.2 billion recurring grant for different
categories of universities including engineering, medical, agriculture, general,
etc.

He said that HEC has formulated the draft of PSDP 2016-17 proposal keeping in
view the anticipated allocation of Rs 25 billion for its ongoing and new
initiatives in line with Vision 2025 and government's priorities for
socio-economic development of the country.

Referring to the outcome of Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the chairman said that the
scheme covers tuition fee, admission, laboratory, registration, examination,
library and research related expenditure for MS, MPhil and PhD studies.

He said that initially 59 districts were covered under the scheme while
currently students from 114 districts are benefiting from this initiative adding
that a total of 94,751 students have so far benefited from the scheme. Areas
included under the said scheme are all districts of Balochistan, FATA,
Gilgit-Baltistan (GB), southern Punjab, interior Sindh and selected districts of
Punjab, KP and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK).

While terming HEC's overseas scholarship scheme for MS, MPhil and PhD a flagship
programme, Dr Mukhtar said that since its inception in 2002, the commission has
initiated various HRD scholarship programmes from undergraduate to PhD and
post-doctorate level for development of human resource in different fields for
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

Describing different programmes for research, he also highlighted HEC's
zero-tolerance policy towards plagiarism. He also briefed the members about
international collaborations for promotion of higher education in the country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 21, 2012 Friday
                                  City Edition

Oklahoma rural broadband initiative nears completion

BYLINE: SILAS ALLEN, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 386 words


After two years of work, a project that seeks to provide high-speed Internet
access to rural and underserved Oklahoma communities is nearing completion.

The Oklahoma Community Anchor Network project celebrated its two-year
anniversary in July, and officials say the project is about 88 percent complete.
Leaders hope to see the network expand to serve more communities after the
project completes its initial objective.

The project is a joint venture by the Oklahoma Department of Transportation, the
Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services and the Oklahoma State
Regents for Higher Education's OneNet division, which serves as the state's
telecommunications network for government and education.

The project is funded through a $74 million grant from the U.S. Department of
Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration as a part
of the agency's Broadband Technology Opportunities Program.

The three agencies are providing broadband Internet access to 32 "community
anchors" in underserved areas across the state, said Von Royal, executive
director of OneNet.

Sites act as nodes

The sites include college campuses, libraries, hospitals and tribal offices,
which act as distribution nodes and allow telecommunications companies to
provide broadband access to homes and businesses, Royal said.

"It's a public-private effort that's being put forth," he said.

The network is scheduled to be fully operational at the 32 sites by July 31. At
that point, leaders hope to identify more sites nearby to include in the
program, said Sonja Wall, the network's program manager.

Initially, Wall said, the state identified the 32 sites that would be easiest to
reach and had the highest need. Once that network is in place and the federal
grant period has ended, OneNet will begin expanding to other sites.

Once complete, the network will increase the capability of many kinds of
services in rural areas, Royal said. For example, officials at Seiling Community
Hospital plan to use the system to increase the hospital's ability to use
telemedicine, or the use of telecommunications technology to provide clinical
care across distances.

"There's a huge amount of telemedicine that takes place across the state," Royal
said. "But one of the biggest obstacles that they're facing is connectivity."


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Justice Department Awards More Than $3.2 Million to Reduce Domestic Violence
Homicides

LENGTH: 420  words


The Justice Departments Office on Violence Against Women (OVW) today announced
more than $3.2 million in new investments to help communities prevent domestic
violence homicides.

Despite improvements in shelter, protection orders and training for law
enforcement, judges and prosecutors, domestic violence homicide is all too
common, said Principal Deputy Director Bea Hanson of OVW.  These awards were
announcing are part of OVW's ongoing efforts to prevent domestic violence
homicide.

OVW will provide $700,000 to the Battered Womens Justice Project to improve the
criminal justice systems response to domestic violence homicides involving
firearms.  The funds will establish a National Resource Center on Domestic
Violence and Firearms that will build the capacity of victim service providers
to respond effectively to domestic violence cases involving firearms.

The National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges will receive $900,000
to provide enhanced training and technical assistance, working closely with OVW,
to implement an effective firearms response at the local, state and tribal
levels.

National Intimate Partner Violence Intervention Initiative (NIPVII), a partner
of the National Network for Safe Communities at John Jay College of Criminal
Justice, will also receive $1.6 million.  NIPVII will work with three cities, to
be selected as part of the demonstration pilot, to replicate a promising
strategy for reducing intimate partner violence and homicides.  The National
Institute of Justice will oversee an evaluation of the initiative through a
grant to Yale University.

Additionally, OVW also announced the addition of two new cities, Miami and
Winnebago County, Illinois, as replication sites for the evidence-based
Lethality Assessment Program model, which has been shown to be effective in
encouraging victims to use domestic violence support and shelter services.  The
Lethality Assessment Program model was included as part of OVWs Domestic
Violence Homicide Prevention Demonstration Initiative, established in 2012.

OVW provides leadership in developing the nations capacity to reduce violence
against women through the implementation of VAWA and subsequent legislation.
Created in 1995, OVW administers financial and technical assistance to
communities across the country that are developing programs, policies and
practices aimed at ending domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault and
stalking.  More information is available at www.justice.gov /ovw. 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Zulfiqar Khosa for meeting economic, social challenges

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 141

LENGTH: 750  words


Senior Advisor to Chief Minister Punjab, Sirdar Zulfiqar Ali Khan Khosa Saturday
said the Punjab government was implementing a comprehensive strategy to address
the economic and social challenges.  He said this during a meeting with a
delegation of Royal College of Defence Studies UK headed by  Desmond Vowen here.

The delegation was comprised of military officers from UK, Brazil, Germany,
Norway and Canada.  He stated that some of the pro-poor initiatives undertaken
by the government in education, health and social sectors include institutions
for providing quality education to the poor with boarding and lodging
facilities, Daanish School System has started work in Chishtian (Bahawalnagar),
Hasilpur (Bahawalpur), Chak 82-P (Rahim Yar Khan) whereas next focus is on
Rajanpur, D.G Khan, Attock and Mianwali.  For the establishment of Daanish
Schools, lands surrendered by big land owners in the land reforms, will be given
over to these schools as endowment to ensure a smooth functioning of the
schools, no matter which party/ parties from the government, he added.

Highlighting the intervention of the government on education sector, the Advisor
said that computer labs have been set up in 4,500 schools while recruitment of
44,000 teachers and appointment of all Vice Chancellors of universities have
also been made on merit.  In addition to that vocational training have been
introduced in 1,050 high schools and Punjab Education Endowment Fund has been
provided funds of Rs 4 billion for the distribution of scholarships among
position holder students, Khosa said.

He said the strategic focus of the development programme was to accelerate
economic growth, generate employment and reduce poverty, improving the coverage
and quality of social services, rehabilitating and expending necessary
infrastructure, enhancing productivity and competitiveness of economic sectors,
such as agriculture, livestock and industry, provision of enabling environment
for private sector development remain our major objectives.

Journalists demand inquiry into Nasrullah Afridi killing

PESHAWAR: Journalists' community, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA have demanded
impartial and independent inquiry into the killing of tribal journalist,
Nasrullah Khan Afridi and called for special compensation package for the heirs
of the martyred.

The demand was made through a unanimous resolution passed during a condolence
reference for the martyred tribal journalist held here under the auspices of
Khyber Union of Journalists (KhUJ) in collaboration with Tribal Union of
Journalists (TUJ) at Press Club on Saturday.

Amin Yousaf, Secretary General, Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists (PFUJ) was
chief guest on the occasion.

Khalid Khan Kheshgi, Assistant Secretary General (PFUJ) presented the resolution
on the occasion.

The resolution  demanded the federal and provincial governments and media owners
to extend financial support to heirs of the martyred journalists.

The resolution also stressed for providing security and removal of all kind of
obstacles faced by journalists while performing their professional duties,
especially in conflict zone.

Speaking on the occasion, Amin Yousaf, Secretary General FPUJ said that tribal
journalists should not consider themselves alone, saying that the journalists'
community had staged protest rallies and demonstrations all over the country
against killing of Nasrullah Khan Afridi.

He said PFUJ would extend all kind of support for heirs of the deceased tribal
journalists.

He informed that the security issue would be top of the agenda in the upcoming
meeting of journalists' body in Karachi.

About the implementation of 7th wage board award, he expressed the hope that the
Sindh High Court (SHC) judgment will be in favour of journalists' community.

The speakers stressed the need of concrete and viable steps for journalists'
health, life insurance and protection in the country, especially working in
war-zone.

They  informed  Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Barrister Masood Kausar had agreed
to call a meeting of federal and provincial officials for passage of
compensation package for deceased journalists and legislation in the regard.

On the occasion, the FPUJ, KhUJ and PPC announced a financial package for family
of  Nasrullah Khan Afridi.

Later, the journalists staged a protest demonstration inside premises of
Peshawar press club against the killing of Nasrullah Khan Afridi and demanded
for impartial and independent probe into incident and brought the responsible to
justice.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

Civil society members' move aims at ousting CUO V-C

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Koraput


Koraput, Feb. 10 -- Civil society members, who fought for a Central University
of Odisha (CUO), are now a distressed lot. They are worried as they feel that
their initiative for the CUO is being frustrated, thanks to the allegedly
uncaring attitude of its Vice-Chancellor Surabhi Banerjee.

Leading non-resident Odia (NRO) Dhirendra Kar and others have sent e-mails to
the Chairman of the University Grants Commission, Union Human Resource
Development Minister and Governor of Odisha to ensure that Prof Banerjee stays
at Koraput and stops wasting public money. If she is not willing, she should be
replaced with a dedicated academician who has a heart and soul for the people of
Odisha in general and of the KBK area in particular, said Kar.

The tribals-populated KBK region is not only amongst the poorest area in India
but also lags much behind when it matters to deliver quality education compared
with other areas of the State and the country. Accepting the longstanding demand
of the people of the area, socio-cultural institutions and elected
representatives, the dream finally turned into a reality when the CUO, Koraput
came in to existence last year.

Local organisations like the INTACH, Koraput Chapter, and COATS volunteered from
day one in providing temporary accommodation including remodelling the campus as
per the desire of the Vice-Chancellor for opening of the university and also
made all arrangements for its inaugural ceremony. However, by this time,
intentions of the V-C not to stay at the poverty-stricken backward area is clear
as she wants the headquarters of the CUO shifted to the State capital of
Bhubaneswar or other areas as she submitted such proposals to the authorities,
the civil society members point out.

They want that minimum facilities for the university must be crated at the
earliest. Students of Mass Communication & Journalism are now the worst
sufferers. Procurement of textbooks for the library and having a communication
studio are not difficult tasks for a Central University, but the V-C has never
applied her wisdom to solve the problem, they said. On the other hand, the V-C
spent Rs 55 lakh on advertisement charges only for the inaugural ceremony in the
newspapers mainly of Kolkata and Delhi editions. An inquiry would reveal the
list of unnecessary exorbitant expenditures incurred that could have been
utilised for the benefit of the students, they opined. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For more information on news feed
please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

PM's visit to Peshawar: Rs1 billion grant for Islamia College

BYLINE: SADIA QASIM SHAH

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 340

LENGTH: 515  words


On his maiden visit to the Islamia College Peshawar, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
on Friday announced Rs1 billion for the educational institution celebrating 100
years of existence.

The centenary celebrations began on the lush green lawns of the college
(1913-2013) on Friday with much pomp.

The college, which was upgraded in 2008 to a university, was embellished and
buzzed with activity on the first day of the celebrations, which didn't happen
with zeal in 2013 as the college's first and sitting vice chancellor, Ajmal
Khan, was in the captivity of the local Taliban militants at that time.

The entire city appeared to be under siege due to the strict security checked
put in place for the prime minister's visit. The prime minister inaugurated the
college's centenary celebrations.

He told participants, including Islamians as the Islamia College students are
known, and their teachers, said the event reminded him of his student life.

Nawaz Sharif said as a student, he had participated in the centenary
celebrations of the Government College Lahore in 1964.

He said he didn't want to miss the event.

After listening to Vice Chancellor Ajmal Khan, who complained about the shortage
of funds for the construction of new academic block, hostels and residential
facility for teachers, the prime minister said the federal government would
resolve the historical educational institution's funding problems.

He announced a grant of Rs1 billion for the college and additional Rs50 million
for the welfare of students and teachers.

The prime minister said the federal government would do all it could to
strengthen the historic educational institution.

He directed HEC PM announces Rs1bn for Islamia College chairman Professor
Mukhtar Ahmad to help the college complete projects by using the grant.

Nawaz Sharif said the Islamia College was a special place as in April 1948,
Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah had also addressed students and teachers here
as the governor general of Pakistan.

He said terrorism in Peshawar was the biggest problem few years ago but the
situation was much better now due to the efforts of security forces and the
government as well as the sacrifices made by the people.

Former Khyber Pakhtunkhwa governor and Islamia College Alumni president Ali
Mohammad Jan Orakzai, who was also in attendance, highlighted how the
prestigious college has been providing quality education to students from the
entire province and adjoining tribal areas for the last 100 years.

He said it was heartening to see that not only boys but girls too were enrolled
in the college.

As students, we won't even imagine the girls studying here, he said, adding that
it was his initiative as a governor to start classes for girls in the college
Peshawar a couple of years ago.

Professor Abdul Kabir, another old student of Islamia College, said strict
discipline and highly-qualified teachers had made Islamic College one of the
best educational institution of his times.

The centenary celebrations will continue until Sunday with students and teachers
participating in debates, festivals and many activities.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved
