
                               1 of 27 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2015 New York University Law Review
                         New York University Law Review

                                   June, 2015

                         New York University Law Review

                              90 N.Y.U.L. Rev. 870

LENGTH: 36654 words

ARTICLE: FEDERAL PROGRAMS AND THE REAL COSTS OF POLICING

NAME: Rachel A. Harmon*

BIO: * Copyright © 2015 by Rachel A. Harmon, Sullivan & Cromwell Professor of
Law, University of Virginia Law School. I am grateful to the participants of the
2013 Criminal Justice Roundtable at the University of Chicago and the
Neighborhood Criminal Justice Roundtable at the University of Virginia, and to
Jody Kraus for comments on an earlier, very different, version of this Article.
Barry Friedman, Michael Livermore, Robert Newman, Max Schanzenbach, Rich
Schragger, and the participants of Crimfest 2014 and a 2014 University of
Toronto faculty roundtable provided helpful feedback on more recent drafts.
Special thanks go to Adam Fleisher and the indefatigable law research librarians
at the University of Virginia for excellent research assistance.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Dozens of federal statutes authorize federal agencies to give money and power
to local police departments and municipalities in order to improve public
safety. While these federal programs encourage better coordination of police
efforts and make pursuing public safety less financially costly for local
communities, they also encourage harmful policing. Of course, policing often
interferes with our interests in autonomy, privacy, and property, and those
harms are often worthwhile in exchange for security and order. Federal public
safety programs, however, are designed, implemented, and evaluated without
reference to the nonbudgetary costs of policing. When those costs are high,
federal programs can make local policing seem cheaper for communities, but
actually make it more costly in its impacts and therefore less efficient.

   The coercion costs of policing are overlooked in most assessments of policing
policy, not just in federal programs. Ordinarily, however, even when they are
not formally recognized, those costs are accounted for, at least to some degree,
in local political processes because local government officials experience
public ire when the harms of policing become too great. Unfortunately, federal
programs also frequently undermine this check on the intrusiveness of local
policing. Internalizing the nonbudgetary costs of policing depends on public
capacity to monitor harmful police conduct and on city officials' capacity to
influence police conduct. Some federal programs interfere with these conditions
by clouding responsibility for law enforcement coercion and by giving money
directly to departments rather than to municipalities. Thus, federal programs
not only ignore significant costs of the policies they subsidize, they also
interfere with the usual local mechanisms for managing those costs. Until
federal public safety programs are approached with a more complete understanding
of policing - one that attends to its full costs and the need for accountability
- federal programs will continue to promote policing practices that do more harm
than necessary and maybe even more harm than good.


 TEXT:
 [*871]

   Introduction


   Coercion is not the goal of policing. It is its tool. We allow police to make
arrests, use force, and search and seize property to enable the prosecution of
crimes and the protection of public safety and order, not as ends in themselves.
n1 There are myriad benefits that come from lawful and effective law
enforcement, but the coercive tools of policing are also socially costly. They
intrude upon individuals, their families, and often whole communities, causing
injury, suffering, and fear. Those harms are sometimes worth suffering, at least
to society as a whole, because they are part of the price we pay for the
security and order we seek. Moreover, they are also often justifiable against
individuals who have committed or are suspected of committing crimes. Still,
coercion is costly, and policing policy should minimize those costs. Like other
public services, good policing is efficient as well as effective. n2

    [*872]  The federal government plays a significant role in local policing
policy both by regulating police practices through civil and criminal law, and
by assisting police agencies and providing money, equipment, personnel, and
power to support federal public safety priorities. Legal scholars have often
focused on the federal role in reigning in police abuses. But federal support
for local law enforcement is far more extensive than its civil rights
enforcement and has an enormous and understudied impact on policing.

   Dozens of federal statutes authorize federal agencies to give money and power
to local police departments and municipalities. The Department of Justice's
grants - such as Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grants (Byrne JAG) and
Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Hiring Program grants - may be most
well known, but other agencies, from the Department of Homeland Security to the
Department of Agriculture, also use federal programs to intervene in local
policing to promote public safety. Federal agencies have used these programs to
expand local policing, encourage the enforcement of specific laws, and promote
coordination among law enforcement agencies. Until concern developed in the
aftermath of the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, few of
these programs were part of the public debate about policing, despite their
considerable consequences. Even now, the full range of federal influence - the
common effects of the array of programs that has arisen ad hoc over decades to
deal with a variety of public safety programs - is largely hidden from view.

   On the positive side, federal public safety programs offer much-needed
resources and expertise to local governments to improve policing without forcing
a uniform federal policing policy on diverse communities. But they also have a
darker side: They encourage legal but coercive policing. Many of the programs
provide incentives to local police departments to conduct additional arrests,
use force, intimidate citizens, take private property, and engage in electronic
surveillance of individuals. This increased interference with individual
interests in autonomy, privacy, bodily integrity, and property may be justified
if the benefits of each program outweigh the harms. But we have no reason to
think they do. The vast array of federal public safety programs that influence
local policing have been implemented and assessed as if coercion has no cost.

    [*873]  Policymakers and economists do make more formal assessments of
federal public safety programs. But these analyses generally omit important
parts of the programs' effects. In cost-benefit assessments of programs that
influence local policing, they reason expansively with respect to benefits,
recognizing a multitude of costs averted by federal programs when the programs
prevent crime, such as the pain and suffering avoided when a federally funded
officer prevents an offense. But they consider only the budgetary outlay to the
federal agency as costs. They do not contemplate any harm - and, therefore, any
cost - from policing itself. The consequence is that federal public safety
programs may encourage coercion even when coercion is not worth its costs or
when less costly means of reducing crime and promoting order are available. The
programs may make local policing seemingly cheaper for communities but less
efficient overall by increasing collateral harm.

   Ordinarily, the kinds of costs that police officers impose through lawful
arrests, property and privacy deprivations, and intimidation are constrained
primarily by local political processes. Local control over policing is surely an
imperfect mechanism for protecting against law enforcement harm. But local
political actors nevertheless internalize the nonbudgetary costs of policing in
deciding how much and what kinds of policing a community should have, at least
to some degree, and they do so more than federal actors.

   Federal public safety programs not only encourage the kinds of harmful
policing that communities might wish to limit. Many of them also undermine the
local political control over police departments that otherwise functions to curb
that intrusiveness. Some cloud responsibility for officer conduct so that the
public cannot assess how intrusive their departments' activities are. Other
programs give money, equipment, and power directly to departments rather than
municipalities, weakening the ability of political actors to use municipal
budgets to influence police action. In this way, federal programs not only
ignore the full costs of policing, they also interfere with the usual local
political and budgetary mechanisms for recognizing and weighing those costs.

   Efficiency is not the only measure of good policing. I have argued elsewhere
that police uses of force must be necessary and proportionate to the public ends
they serve to be justifiable, whether or not they are net beneficial to society.
Similarly, other invasions of privacy, autonomy, liberty, and bodily integrity
by the police should also be measured both by whether they serve a legitimate
state end and  [*874]  whether they are proportionate to that end. n3 Law
enforcement should also be distributionally fair. Given the significance of
these other criteria, no assessment of costs and benefits can tell us what ideal
policing should look like. Nor should efficiency alone determine how regulatory
responsibility for the police is distributed among federal, state, and local
institutions, a matter that is also tied to history, to federalism values, and
to questions of institutional competence. n4

   Nevertheless, cost-benefit considerations are important to policing policy,
as they are to other policy assessments. The federal government actively
intervenes in local policing through an array of significant federal programs.
At the very least, these crime-control efforts should be worth their costs,
should not be substantially and obviously less cost effective than alternative
means of achieving the same goals, and should not interfere with local capacity
to assess and influence the costs of policing. Not every federal program
designed to foster more effective local policing either encourages intrusive
policing or undermines local accountability, but many significant programs do,
and these problems have been largely overlooked.

   In the past few months, scholars and the media have paid new attention to
federal public safety programs. Images of police officers carrying
military-style weapons and driving military vehicles clashing with protesters in
Ferguson have raised the profile of programs that provide equipment and
resources to police departments. n5 As a result, commentators and scholars alike
are flocking to criticize federal programs. And the federal government is
responding. The Obama Administration is in the process of reevaluating several
major public safety programs. n6 Still, very little comprehensive analysis about
the  [*875]  role and structure of federal programs that affect local law
enforcement is being conducted. Without that analysis, reform efforts will
remain uneven, and new programs may replicate the problems of the past.

   This Article begins to fill this gap. Part I provides context for
understanding federal public safety programs that offer resources and power to
police departments. Though these programs were created piecemeal and are often
studied that way, together they represent a discrete federal approach to aiding
municipalities in reducing crime and addressing terrorism. They can be
distinguished from federal civil rights enforcement and public corruption
prosecutions - which intervene in local policing towards different ends - and
from national forensic databases - which provide assistance to local policing by
different means. Federal public safety programs originated in the 1930s and have
since expanded dramatically (if inconsistently) in scope and in kind. Today, the
programs mostly seek to encourage more policing, to focus policing on national
public safety priorities, and to improve coordination among law enforcement
agencies in order to solve plausible weaknesses in local governance of the
police. To achieve these ends, the programs offer federal money, equipment,
training, and power, often with few conditions attached.

   Part II argues that these programs encourage especially harmful policing and
yet policymakers overlook these harms in implementing and assessing these
programs. Police coercion - in the form of arrests, uses of force, invasions of
privacy, and the like - imposes real, quantifiable costs. These costs are
broadly analogous to commonly recognized costs of crime, which are already used
in evaluating the cost effectiveness of criminal justice interventions. Federal
public safety programs intended to improve policing encourage local police
departments to engage in additional coercion. While informally critics sometimes
note negative effects of individual programs, formal analyses of these programs
by policymakers and economists consistently fail to weigh the costs of these
intrusions against the law enforcement benefits achieved. As a result, federal
programs appear more cost effective than they are as a means to promote public
safety, and the full costs of these programs often go unacknowledged.

   Part III contends that, in addition to encouraging especially costly
policing, federal public safety programs also undermine the usual local
political mechanisms by which the nonbudgetary costs of policing are  [*876]
constrained. Local governments largely decide how harmful policing will be.
Though local political processes are far from perfect, the public often
pressures local public officials when policing's nonbudgetary costs become
extreme, salient, or widespread. Those public officials exert political control
over police chiefs and department budgets. And police departments work to lessen
the intrusiveness of policing in response. Presently, however, several
significant federal programs muddy responsibility for harmful policing by
blurring jurisdictional and organizational boundaries between law enforcement
agencies. Other major federal programs give equipment, funding, or power
directly to police departments rather than municipalities, weakening municipal
control over those departments through police budgets and political influence.
States provide an additional check on police intrusiveness, but federal public
safety programs often weaken this mechanism too.

   This Article conceptualizes the harms of police coercion as costs that can be
weighed against the benefits of federal interventions into local policing.
Thinking about the costs of policing in this way provides a framework for
integrating these costs into formal evaluations of federal public safety
programs, an approach that is consistent with how other criminal justice
policies are evaluated. It also articulates the local political mechanisms that
constrain the costs of policing, which is the first step in designing federal
programs to avoid disrupting those mechanisms unnecessarily. Unless we approach
federal public safety programs with a more complete understanding of policing -
one that attends to its costs and systems of accountability - federal programs
will continue to promote policing practices that do more harm than necessary and
maybe more harm than good.

   I

 The Character of Federal Public Safety Programs


   A. Federal Public Safety Programs in Context

 As a matter of both law and tradition, policing in the United States is
overwhelmingly local. The U.S. Constitution reserves general law enforcement
power to the states, and by state statute, constitutional law, and charter,
states have given municipalities authority to protect public safety and preserve
order within their borders. n7 Local  [*877]  governments in turn create police
departments, which employ most of the law enforcement officers in the United
States and conduct most of what is thought of as policing, including traffic
patrols, crime investigation, order maintenance, criminal arrests, and the like.
n8 Though subject to state and federal law, police departments are
overwhelmingly funded by local governments and governed by the local political
process. n9 Localism may be American policing's most distinctive characteristic,
n10 though of course, the federal government has also long influenced the
police.

   Federal involvement in local policing takes several forms. First, the federal
government shares crime and forensic information with local police departments.
The Uniform Crime Report program coordinated by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI) is the oldest of these programs. The FBI also offers the
National Incident-Based Reporting System (NIBRS), a newer and more detailed
local crime reporting mechanism; the National Crime Information Center (NCIC), a
computerized index that includes criminal justice information about individuals
and property; the traditional Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification
System (IAFIS), a national fingerprint and criminal history system and the Next
Generation Identification program that is replacing it; the Combined DNA Index
System (CODIS), a national index of DNA profiles; and the National Automotive
Paint File, a database containing more than 40,000 samples of automotive paint
from manufacturers, among other databases. n11 Other agencies also maintain
databases that are available  [*878]  to local law enforcement. The Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives keeps the National Integrated
Ballistics Information Network (NIBIN); the Secret Service jointly manages the
Forensic Information System for Handwriting and the International Ink Library
with the Internal Revenue Service; and an interagency group that includes the
Departments of State and Defense runs the Glass Evidence Reference Database. n12

   Second, federal agencies enforce federal law against local police
departments. Although criminal procedure rights are largely enforced through
private exclusionary rule motions and civil suits, the Department of Justice's
Civil Rights Division and U.S. Attorneys' offices also bring civil actions
against police departments and criminal prosecutions against individual officers
to enforce federal civil rights law regarding police treatment of citizens. n13
Antidiscrimination and labor laws regulate police departments as employers and
are often enforced with the help of federal agencies. n14 And the Department of
Justice's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorneys' offices pursue occasional
federal criminal fraud and bribery charges against police officers as part of
their efforts to control public corruption among local officials. n15

    [*879]  This Article addresses a third kind of federal involvement in local
policing, one that operates on a far larger scale than civil rights enforcement,
employee rights litigation, public corruption prosecutions, or national forensic
databases: the dozens of federal statutes that authorize federal agencies to
give money, equipment, and power to local law enforcement agencies and officers.
These programs developed piecemeal over several decades, and they are diverse in
scope, concern, and form. Nevertheless, these programs share a core set of means
and ends. They seek to improve public safety by expanding local law enforcement,
by focusing local law enforcement on national priorities, and by improving
coordination among federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies. To reach
these goals, these programs provide federal resources and federal power to local
police officers and departments.

   Federal public safety programs intended to influence local policing have a
history closely connected to the story of federal law enforcement expansion. It
is well known that, in the 1930s, Congress responded to widespread concern about
organized and interstate violent crime with new federal crimes and a much larger
federal law enforcement bureaucracy. n16 Less commonly recognized is that at the
same time the federal government expanded federal law enforcement effort, it
also began to bolster local crime fighting capabilities.

   Local policing in the 1930s had a national problem. By the early 1930s,
federal law enforcement had, to a large degree, recovered from the disastrous
reputational consequences of failed Prohibition policies. By contrast, local law
enforcement was widely perceived as incompetent, if not corrupt. One can see
that conventional wisdom  [*880]  reflected in the Wickersham Commission's
report, The Police, in 1931. n17 President Herbert Hoover appointed the National
Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement, better known by the name of its
chair, George W. Wickersham, in 1929. The Commission was the first national task
force to study law enforcement issues, and it released fourteen reports on
crime, law enforcement, and the institutions of criminal justice, two of which
concerned policing. n18 The Commission's more famous and influential report on
policing, The Third Degree, made its contribution in large part by providing
detailed evidence of widespread abuse in local police interrogations. n19 By
contrast, The Police, the Commission's volume on police effectiveness, started
from the premise - which it took to need no support - that local police could
not protect public safety. According to the first words of the Commission's
transmitting report, "The general failure of the police to detect and arrest
criminals guilty of the many murders, spectacular bank, pay-roll, and other
hold-ups, and sensational robberies with guns, frequently resulting in the death
of the robbed victim, has caused a loss of public confidence in the police of
our country." n20 From there, the report examined means to improve local
policing, taking for granted that most departments were so badly run that they
could not effectively fight crime. n21

   Law enforcement's reputation for ineptitude was spectacularly reinforced in
1932 by the ineffectual response to the kidnapping of Charles Lindbergh's baby,
which led to contamination of the crime scene and civilian interference that
stymied the investigation. n22  [*881]  Together, the Commission report and the
Lindbergh kidnapping highlighted - the former in analytic and the latter in
emotional terms - that local police departments could not control the criminal
problems of the day, especially the challenges posed by organized interstate
crime.

   Congress authorized several new federal programs over the course of the 1930s
to mitigate this municipal inefficiency. These federal efforts involved little
money. The George-Deen Act and the Works Progress Administration (WPA) together
provided a few million dollars in research and training money to police
departments, n23 and the FBI used a little money informally to incentivize local
cooperation with federal enforcement. n24 But despite early calls for using
conditional grants to influence local police work, n25 early public safety
programs largely worked through the FBI to provide technical assistance and
interstate coordination to police departments, rather than giving financial aid.
Thus, the FBI began collecting crime data for the Uniform Crime Reports in 1930.
n26 In 1935, it started the National Police Academy, now called the National
Academy, which provided a centralized source of training for local police
officers from around the country n27 and became an unobtrusive way to promote
federal priorities in local law enforcement. n28 By the end of the decade, the
FBI was  [*882]  offering a variety of services to assist local law enforcement,
such as comparing fingerprints from crime scenes to federal databases, examining
forensic evidence collected in local crimes, and providing information on
previously arrested criminals. n29

   While federal technical assistance and training opportunities for local law
enforcement continue to this day, over time these early programs have been
dwarfed by programs that provide resources and power to local policing more
directly. This project began in earnest in the 1960s when intensifying public
concern about crime led to the Law Enforcement Assistance Act of 1965 (LEAA) and
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. n30 Together, these
statutes provided the first substantial federal financial assistance to local
law enforcement, in the form of flexible block grants to states, intended to
improve public safety simply by increasing the resources available to state and
local law enforcement agencies. n31

   As others have noted, intergovernmental grants to local police departments
have waxed and waned with public perceptions about crime and public safety. n32
In short, the block grants of the 1960s faded during the late 1970s in the face
of criticisms of their effectiveness and a declining national focus on crime.
n33 By the late 1980s, Congress responded to national concern about rising crime
with the Edward Byrne Memorial State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance
[*883]  Formula Grant Program, n34 and then more dramatically to the crack
epidemic and associated violent crime with the largest crime bill in history,
the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. n35 This latter law
authorized $ 10.8 billion over six years for programs to assist state and local
law enforcement. Congress dedicated the bulk of that money, $ 8.8 billion, to
fulfill President Clinton's pledge to provide for 100,000 new police officers
through the COPS program. n36

   Eventually, like the funding of the 1960s, the monumental funding of the
1990s generated a backlash, and by 2000, some of the key programs of the 1990s
decade, such as the COPS Hiring Program (CHP), faced fading support and
resources. n37 In 2001, however, after 9/11, terrorism emerged to replace
violent crime and crack as a national public safety crisis that justified
reenergizing federal funding to local police. Grants of aid once again expanded
radically, with tens  [*884]  of billions of dollars spent on new programs for
local law enforcement. n38

   Federal public safety programs continue to evolve. Today, they provide not
only money, but also equipment and federal power to local law enforcement. n39
They emphasize interstate coordination, fighting terrorism and the war on drugs,
and many other goals. They originate not only in the Department of Justice but
also in the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Treasury, and
Agriculture. Together, these federal public safety programs represent a massive
intervention into local law enforcement, one that has not been sufficiently
assessed. n40

   B. The Goals of Federal Public Safety Programs

 There are two basic questions raised by federal public safety programs: Do they
serve appropriate ends, and do they serve them well? The second question is the
focus of this Article, and in Parts II and III, I argue that federal programs
may not promote efficient and cost-effective policing because they neglect the
costs of police coercion and the effects of federal programs on local
accountability in policing. In this section, I briefly address the first
question by noting that these programs overwhelmingly target plausible
shortcomings in local political processes, which may systematically fail to
produce optimal  [*885]  amounts or kinds of local policing. Whether or not
every program is justified, public safety programs on the whole seek to solve
possible problems with the local provision of policing services.

   First, local governments may simply produce too little policing from an
efficiency standpoint. n41 If they do, something like the present "cornerstone
[of] federal justice assistance," the Department of Justice's Byrne JAG grants,
could help correct the problem. n42 This block grant program permits funding
with few restrictions to local governments - and to states to pass through to
localities - in order to reduce crime and violence. n43 It provides hundreds of
millions of dollars for law enforcement purposes determined by states and local
communities. n44

   Second, even if policing were adequately provided overall, small and poorer
communities might not be able to provide sufficient resources to establish
effective police departments. This economic  [*886]  argument, along with
distributional concerns, appears to motivate several programs across federal
agencies. In the Department of Justice, the CHP has awarded billions of dollars
since the mid-1990's to police departments facing financial distress and high
crime rates to permit hiring local police officers. n45 The Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Community Facility Grants offer grants of up to
seventy-five percent of the cost of building or buying facilities, such as
police stations, exclusively for rural municipalities. n46 Other Department of
Justice grant programs dedicate resources specifically to tribal law
enforcement, and the Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solicitation process
streamlines application for tribal-specific grant resources devoted to law
enforcement and criminal justice. n47 The Department of Homeland Security also
provides millions of dollars in grants each year to improve tribal agencies'
ability to respond to terrorism threats. n48

   Third, some federal programs target spillover effects. Several federal
programs facilitate local policing of interstate public safety  [*887]  threats,
which otherwise may be suboptimal. n49 The Department of Justice administers,
inter alia, Project Safe Neighborhoods, which targets gun and gang crime; the
Intellectual Property Theft Enforcement Program, which seeks to increase local
criminal enforcement of intellectual property laws; the COPS
Anti-Methamphetamine Program (replacing the Methamphetamine Initiative); and the
Child Sexual Predator Program. n50 The Department of Homeland Security has
provided nearly $ 40 billion in terrorism preparedness grants to state and local
governments since 9/11, much of it exclusively for law enforcement. n51 The
Department of Defense's Excess Property Program, usually referred to as the 1033
Program, gives surplus Department of Defense military equipment free of charge
to state and local  [*888]  law enforcement agencies for use in counternarcotics
and counterterrorism activities. n52

   Federal programs also target cross-border crime by supporting coordination
among law enforcement agencies. Byrne JAG grants fund multijurisdictional task
forces, especially drug task forces. n53 The Violent and Gun Crime Reduction
Program, also known as Project Safe Neighborhoods, provides grants expressly for
the purpose of establishing multijurisdictional Violent Gang Safe Streets Task
Forces "to implement gang and gun crime enforcement, intervention and prevention
initiatives." n54 The Enhanced Collaborative Model to Combat Human Trafficking
and the Anti-Human Trafficking Task Force Initiative provide funding to local
police departments that coordinate with other law enforcement agencies to fight
human trafficking. n55 The Department of Homeland Security's Operation
Stonegarden exists "to enhance cooperation and coordination among local, tribal,
territorial, state, and Federal law enforcement agencies in a joint mission to
secure the United States' borders." n56 The U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE) Border Enforcement Security Task Force program funds task
forces to disrupt border-related criminal activity, including trafficking in
drugs, people, weapons, and cash. n57 And the Office of National Drug Control
Policy awards grants to law enforcement agencies to encourage cooperation among
federal, state, and  [*889]  local law enforcement agencies in order to reduce
drug trafficking and production in the United States. n58

   The existing array of federal public safety programs is not a perfect means
to achieve the right kind or right amount of policing. Federal programs may be
excessive relative to the problems that purportedly justify them, either because
they misestimate the local political failure or because they are poorly managed.
n59 Many of the programs lack appropriate outcome measures, so we cannot easily
determine whether they are achieving their public safety ends. n60 More  [*890]
importantly, existing programs leave many of the most significant problems in
local policing untouched. Beyond the usual requirements for monitoring spending
and complying with federal antidiscrimination law, n61 federal public safety
programs do little to promote lawfulness, accountability, or fairness in
policing, a lacuna I have suggested should change. n62 Aside from a few small
endeavors, federal programs have not sought to improve departmental management.

   Notwithstanding these deficiencies and excesses, however, the current
landscape is this: Dozens of federal statutes authorize federal agencies to give
resources and power in order to compensate for what are at least plausible gaps
in local provision of optimal policing. n63  [*891]  These programs are
voluntary. In fact, few impose restrictions beyond matching grants or an ongoing
commitment to funded activities. n64 They offer considerable resources to local
policing, and they are overwhelmingly popular with states, local governments,
and police departments. n65 These programs represent a broad, if fragmented,
intervention into local law enforcement policy, one with considerable effects.
Yet these programs fail to take into account the collateral costs of law
enforcement activities and the programs' impacts on local governance of
policing.

[*892]

   II

 Federal Programs and the Costs of Policing

 Clearly, federal programs should do more good than harm. Policing - though
essential - is not only costly in monetary terms. It also unavoidably imposes
other costs when officers arrest, intimidate, search, and sometimes kill. Of
course, coercion is sometimes necessary as a means to reduce crime or disorder.
The challenge for federal public safety programs is to induce only that policing
activity that is worth its costs, all things considered. This is not an easy
assessment to make. By any measure, however, many of the federal programs
described above encourage especially harmful policing practices, and they are
not designed or evaluated with attention to these harms. As a result, the
federal programs that promote local policing likely encourage policing that is
more costly than it need be, which is to say, policing that is less efficient
overall.

   A. Cost-Benefit Assessment of Criminal Justice Policy

 One way to determine whether policing policy is doing more harm than good is to
use the tools of social science. Economic analysis is not the only measure of
policy quality, but it provides a useful and systematic means of estimating
whether policy will increase social welfare. n66 Specifically, cost-benefit and
cost-effectiveness analysis provide a basis for comparing the strengths and
weaknesses of public policy interventions. Many areas of public policy analysis
have employed economic approaches for many decades. More recently, this trend
has expanded to include criminal justice policy. n67

   One early prominent call for such analysis appears in the 1967 report of the
President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice. It
argued:

    [*893]

 Researchers, policymakers, and operating agencies should know which crimes
cause the greatest economic loss, which the least; on whom the costs of crime
fall, and what the costs are to prevent or protect against it; whether a
particular or general crime situation warrants further expenditures for control
or prevention and, if so, what expenditures are likely to have the greatest
impact. n68



    The following year, economist Gary S. Becker published the canonical work on
economic analysis of optimal criminal justice policy, Crime and Punishment: An
Economic Approach. n69 Although President Johnson's Commission called for
economic analysis and Becker's work provided the theoretical basis for
determining whether law enforcement interventions are worth their costs, many
years passed before scholars sought to articulate clearly the costs of crime or
policymakers attempted to analyze costs and benefits in assessments of criminal
justice interventions. n70

   States have been especially innovative in the economic analysis of criminal
justice interventions, n71 but federal law and policy systematically encourage
federal agencies to quantify the costs and benefits of federal programs. n72
Slowly, that analysis is being extended to criminal justice programs. For
instance, in the past couple of years, commentators  [*894]  on crime-control
policy across the political spectrum have trumpeted being "smart on crime"
rather than (or in addition to) being "tough on crime," where being smart on
crime means adopting approaches supported by evidence of effectiveness and cost
effectiveness. n73 This approach became entrenched in federal justice policy in
2013, when Attorney General Eric Holder announced a new federal "Smart on Crime"
initiative, which emphasizes alternatives to incarceration to improve cost
effectiveness as well as fairness and effectiveness in allocating finite
criminal justice resources. n74

   Scholars have also advocated cost-benefit analysis for crime prevention
interventions and have worked to refine the tools for that analysis. n75 Social
scientists have been especially attentive to the costs of crime. n76 These costs
are essential to criminal justice policy assessment because criminal justice
programs are largely evaluated by whether they reduce crime. In most cases, the
primary benefit of  [*895]  effective criminal justice programs is averting the
costs of crime. n77 Thus, the benefits of criminal justice programs cannot be
fully articulated until the costs of crime are carefully described.

   Despite this increased interest, economic analysis of criminal justice
interventions remains incomplete. In focusing on averted crime as the primary
benefit of policing programs, existing economic analysis ignores other potential
benefits of criminal justice policy, including reducing fear, improving citizen
satisfaction, decreasing perceived disorder, and promoting legal compliance and
cooperation with law enforcement. n78 These additional benefits of policing have
been increasingly formalized, measured, and integrated into discussions among
commentators, but they have not yet fully penetrated evaluations of criminal
justice policy. More notably, while scholars and policymakers have improved
assessment of the benefits of criminal justice interventions both inside and
outside of economics, analysis of the costs of criminal justice policy continues
to be anemic.

   One can see the origins of the problem in the 1967 President's Commission. In
describing the costs of law enforcement and crime prevention, the Commission's
report listed only private efforts to prevent crime and the public money
necessary to fund police, prosecution, courts, and corrections. n79 Becker
included the same costs n80 - though he added the costs of punishment (and not
policing) to offenders. n81 Ever since, economic assessments of criminal justice
policies have relied on the assumption that the primary costs of policing are
the budgetary costs of implementing the program. n82 Scholars  [*896]  sometimes
debate how to calculate the costs to an agency of implementing a criminal
justice program. As a recent summary of the scholarship noted:



    In general, estimation of costs [of crime control] is more straightforward
than estimation of benefits. Costs are generally estimated either top down
through an examination of administrative budgets or bottom up through
semi-structured interviews with program staff. In the end, the goal of the cost
analysis is to estimate the economic value of resources consumed by the
intervention. n83



    But neither scholars nor policymakers have engaged in any broader thinking
about what should be included as costs beyond the cost of implementation.

   There have been intimations of progress. Current public debate more
forcefully highlights the harms of policing than it has done in many years. It
is hard to interpret otherwise protesters' cries of "I can't breathe" and "Hands
up, don't shoot" following the summer 2014 deaths of Eric Garner, a man who died
following a neck hold by a New York Police Department officer, and Michael
Brown, an unarmed eighteen-year-old shot by Ferguson, Missouri police officer
Darren Wilson. n84 But while commentators identify some negative consequences of
policing, they have done so partially, informally, and in terms not easily
integrated into analysis of law enforcement policy. Scholars and policymakers
sometimes acknowledge the broad social effects of criminal justice policy, but
they focus almost exclusively on  [*897]  the costs of incarceration rather than
policing. n85 As a consequence, in evaluating law enforcement interventions,
neither academics nor agency officials have seriously considered costs of police
action other than those arising from administering the programs.

   Inattention to policing's nonbudgetary costs is fully apparent in formal
analyses of federal public safety programs. The most studied and evaluated
federal public safety program is COPS, and there is an ongoing debate about
whether the program is worth its price. This debate is significant: Though COPS
was only one source of federal funds, and federal funding is only one source of
law enforcement resources, COPS expenditures between 1994 and 2001 accounted for
about one percent of all spending on local police services. n86 Even now, long
after the peak of COPS funding, the program provides substantial grants to local
police departments.

   Yet evaluations of COPS grant programs universally share the premise of other
economic analyses of criminal justice policy - they assume the only cost of the
program is the federal expenditure. Thus, economists John Donohue and Jens
Ludwig argue that "the right standard for judging whether COPS is a success ...
is whether the independent effects of the COPS program to reduce crime is [sic]
large enough to justify the program's budget." n87 A more thorough analysis of
the program answers the question, "Did the costs of the COPS program outweigh
its benefits?" by comparing the "total cost of the hiring grants" with "the
benefit of the COPS hiring grants, ... the monetary benefit of the resulting
reductions in crime." n88 The analysis is no different for detractors of the
program, who similarly compare the "dollar values of crimes prevented through
COPS grants" with the amount of grants received to determine whether "COPS
grants [are] worth their cost," n89 but reach the opposite conclusion. n90
[*898]  Both proponents and opponents fail to include the social costs of
policing.

   Analyses of other programs are less common, but suffer the same defect. n91
One prominent assessment purports to determine the net effect of Violence
Against Women Act (VAWA) funding by considering "all costs and all effects of
VAWA[], regardless of who experiences the costs and the effects ... ." n92 The
benefits in the form of prevented crime are defined broadly. These averted costs
include direct property losses, medical care, ambulance services, mental health
care, initial police response, follow up police investigation, victim services
and other social services, lost victim productivity, and victim quality of life,
as well as a "measure of cost for nontangible losses such as loss of life, pain,
suffering, and reduced quality of life ... ." n93 The costs against which those
benefits are weighed include only the expenditures necessary to provide VAWA
funding. n94

   As these descriptions suggest, contemporary analysis of criminal justice
policy is distorted. In evaluating the benefits of criminal justice
interventions, including federal programs, policymakers and scholars properly
incorporate a broad array of averted costs, including the direct, indirect, and
intangible benefits of crime prevented by the programs. But the same analysts
have ignored significant costs imposed by policing, beyond its price tag. They
assume that policing has no costs but budgetary ones.

   Overlooking the nonbudgetary costs of policing not only affects efforts to
determine whether grants are worth their costs, but also inhibits our ability to
assess the costs and outcomes of grant programs relative to other ways of
spending federal money to reduce crime. For example, despite some disputes about
whether COPS has been worth its budgetary costs, most analysts take it to have
achieved its aims, at least to some degree, succeeding both in putting officers
on the street  [*899]  and in mitigating crime. n95 But even if COPS is
effective, the funding could be used instead to fund other kinds of crime
prevention programs, such as by expanding Byrne JAG block grants, which give
more discretion to localities in determining how funds are spent. Thorough
economic analysis could help policymakers determine whether federal law
enforcement dollars are better spent on COPS grants or Byrne JAG grants.

   There are few studies of the effects of federal grant programs on crime, and
fewer still comparing programs. n96 But what little research there is suggests
that coercion costs may matter to choices about how to allocate scarce criminal
justice resources. One study compared the effects of local law enforcement block
grants - the predecessor to contemporary Byrne JAG grants n97 - to the effects
of COPS hiring grants. It found that both programs reduced serious crime, though
block grants did so somewhat more powerfully over the studied period. n98 By the
measure of crime control, the differences between the outcomes of the programs
might be relatively minor. Nevertheless, the consequences of the grants differed
substantially along another measure: Even as they reduced crime, block grants
significantly reduced arrests, both for drug crimes and for disorder, whereas
COPS grants increased arrests for the same crimes. n99 The results are not
entirely mysterious. COPS grants increase the number of officers on the streets
and more officers usually means more arrests. n100 JAG grants, by contrast, are
often used for crime-reducing strategies that focus on making policing  [*900]
more efficient, such as buying in-car mobile data terminals or crime mapping
software, which might not have similar effects on arrest rates. n101 As the next
section suggests, arrests can be very costly to the individuals arrested, to
their families, and to their communities. If those costs of policing were
incorporated into the analysis, the advantages of block grants might not seem so
minor. Whatever further research determines about JAG and COPS grants, the
general point remains true: Because we have ignored the costs of policing,
federal programs may favor approaches to increasing public safety that are not
cost effective compared to available alternatives when all costs are considered.

   Whereas COPS encourages additional arrests only indirectly - by funding more
police officers - VAWA's Arrest Grant program expressly encourages arrests,
which are considered a mark of the program's success, even apart from its
effects on crime. n102 Arrest Grants and other VAWA grants also fund other
strategies for reducing domestic violence, ones that might not necessarily
increase arrests. These include training for officers, prosecutors, and judges;
computer tracking systems to ensure better communication and recordkeeping; and
comprehensive victim support. n103 The Department of Justice has asserted that
its other grant strategies and the Arrest Program both reduce violence against
women. n104 If arrests are indeed costly, as I contend below, then resources may
be better spent on those other  [*901]  strategies, especially if the effect of
arrests as a means of preventing domestic violence is modest. n105

   Not surprisingly, assessments of VAWA's costs and benefits are much like
assessments of COPS. "All costs" of the program do not include any of the
analogous costs to individuals, families, and society of arresting additional
suspects, such as lost productivity or quality of life. n106 Although some
commentators have noted that arresting alleged abusers can have serious
consequences for victims and families, those costs have not been quantified or
integrated into assessments of the program. The National Institute of Justice
has repeatedly solicited grant applications for additional research on reducing
domestic violence, but since neither the Department of Justice nor the
researchers recognize that extrabudgetary costs of different means of fighting
violence against women are different, the mistake of omitting coercion costs
will likely be replicated in future work. And it is likely that the Arrest
Program will remain one of the biggest federal programs devoted to reducing
violence against women, whatever its real costs and the costs of the
alternatives. n107

   Arrests provide only one example of costly police actions insufficiently
recognized by assessments of policing. Whenever policing infringes significantly
on individual interests, it imposes negative consequences that should be
recognized and counted against the benefits of policing in evaluations of law
enforcement programs.

   B. The Costs of Policing

 Most local policing seeks to facilitate criminal justice and prevent crime and
disorder in order to make a community safer and happier. These goals frequently
depend on the capacity of the police to command  [*902]  and to back their
commands with force. n108 As a result, ordinary policing sometimes involves the
exercise of coercion, as minor as directing traffic around a car accident or
pulling apart teenagers engaged in late-night fisticuffs, and as major as
storming a house or shooting a fleeing bank robber. We often think of these
activities - and especially lawful arrests, pedestrian stops and frisks, and
searches and seizures of evidence and contraband - as the services we pay police
to provide, that is, as a marker of police productivity, in part because it is
so hard to measure good policing. n109 It consequently can seem counterintuitive
to treat arrests, searches, and other useful police activities as imposing costs
that should be taken into account in weighing the value of criminal justice
interventions, including federal programs. Nevertheless, policing - and
especially police coercion - has costs.

   Police coercion occurs when an officer, invoking the authority of the state,
intrudes upon individual interests in liberty, autonomy, bodily integrity,
privacy, or property in order to protect public safety or order, or to
facilitate criminal adjudication. Traditional police coercions include not only
arrests, but also uses of force, traffic and pedestrian stops, orders to stay or
to go, frisks, searches, and seizures of property. These are the tools rather
than the ends of policing. n110 In this way, policing is different from
punishment, in which imposing harm is central to the purpose of the enterprise.
n111

   There are obvious benefits to these coercions: They help solve and adjudicate
crimes, they deter and incapacitate criminals, and they facilitate order. n112
These benefits are largely, though not entirely, already reflected in existing
cost-benefit assessments of police interventions in the value of crimes averted.
Equally obviously, however, these coercions also impose costs. The costs can be
financial if, for example, a suspect loses income as a result of an arrest or
pays medical expenses for injuries resulting from a use of force. They can be
[*903]  intangible, such as the humiliation one feels when forcibly stopped by
an officer in public or the degradation that comes from having one's body
touched in a frisk. n113 These costs are not reflected in existing assessments
of the costs of policing or criminal justice policy. Yet, if a particular law
enforcement program encourages coercions that impose more costs than benefits,
or if alternative law enforcement measures are equally effective at lower cost,
then these costs should lead us to reconsider the policies at issue. n114 This
is the necessary consequence of seeking policing that is harm efficient as well
as effective, lawful, and fair. n115

   One reason the coercion costs of policing are neglected is that many of them
accrue to the targets of policing, to whom they are at least arguably due. Why
should we attend to injuries to a suspect who resists arrest or to the lost
income suffered by a detained criminal? The costs-of-crime literature reflects
the intuition that these costs should not count. In it, scholars often exclude
consideration of the suffering of the offender as a "private" rather than
"social" cost. n116 This approach is not easy to justify: From a welfare
perspective, all costs matter, even costs to criminals, and even if they are
fairly imposed. Nevertheless, excluding costs to the guilty in determining the
costs of policing still leaves many of the costs of coercion unaccounted for
since policing also imposes suffering on nonsuspects, on suspects who turn out
to be innocent, on the families and communities of suspects, and on society at
large.

   Relatedly, the coercion costs of policing are often overlooked because they
are lawfully imposed. Traditional analysis of the suffering  [*904]  policing
causes focuses on police misconduct. While preventing misconduct is a worthy
goal, by any measure, police mostly act legally. n117 The law broadly permits
police to command, to search, to detain, and to use force to achieve the state's
objectives. Just as coercive misconduct causes harm, these legal encounters also
matter to well being. In fact, legal police coercions, rather than illegal ones,
impose most of the coercion costs of policing. For that matter, even consensual
encounters can be costly. A person who sacrifices his time, privacy, or autonomy
to cooperate with law enforcement may subjectively experience the event as
injurious even when the law enforcement request is not backed by a threat of
force or arrest. n118 If so, that experience is a cost of policing.

   The failure to assess or recognize the nonbudgetary costs of policing
deprives us of the opportunity to thoroughly evaluate public safety approaches
or to minimize the harms imposed by the police. An efficient policing strategy
or program is one for which the marginal costs outweigh the marginal benefits,
and a cost-effective program has superior relative costs and outcomes in
comparison to alternatives. We cannot determine whether a program is efficient
or cost effective if we exclude a significant category of costs.

   Although the failure to consider the full costs of policing policies exists
across criminal justice programs, it is of special relevance in federal public
safety programs. Federal programs often encourage policing that is especially
coercive and therefore costly, and federal political processes are likely weaker
than local political processes at internalizing these coercion costs when they
are not expressly recognized. Since they do not acknowledge the costs of
coercion, our  [*905]  existing assessments of federal public safety programs
are deeply misleading.

   C. Estimating the Costs of Police Coercion

 We need further research to quantify the costs of police coercion, but the task
is analogous to the project of assessing the costs of crime, a subject on which
there is a well-developed literature. Applying some of the lessons from that
scholarship suggests that, even at first glance, the costs of policing are
likely significant.

   In determining the costs and benefits of a specific policy, scholars often
determine outcomes and then quantify the costs and benefits of those effects. In
calculating effects for criminal justice policies, scholars and policymakers
largely focus on how much programs decrease offending. n119 To engage in a more
complete cost-benefit analysis of policing policy, social scientists must also
determine the degree to which specific programs influence arrests, uses of
force, searches, traffic stops, surveillance, and other police coercions.

   Police coercions are concrete and discrete affairs, and they can be counted.
Already, assessments of criminal justice programs sometimes determine the impact
of policies on arrests, an outcome on which law enforcement agencies collect
data. n120 While there is an appalling dearth of national data on other forms of
police coercion, including uses of force, searches, and stops and frisks, some
data already exist, especially at the department level. n121 These more limited
sources can be the bases for initial estimates of the effects of federal
programs, and over time, it should be possible to improve estimates of how many
[*906]  additional arrests, stops, searches, and uses of force federal criminal
justice dollars buy.

   Once we know how many coercions occur, estimating the costs of each coercion
is a lot like assessing the costs of each crime. Though the endeavor of
appraising the costs of crime is long standing, scholars have refined these
estimates in recent years. n122 There are two common approaches. One, sometimes
labeled the "bottom up" method, is to identify all possible harms that crime
inflicts, determine the value of each of those injuries, and aggregate them to
reach a total cost for each kind of crime. n123 A second "top down" approach is
to assess how much people value crime (or its absence) by asking them or by
using other evidence of their actual preferences. n124 The first depends on
identifying all costs and can therefore easily underestimate costs if some kinds
of costs are systematically omitted. The second approach depends on what may
seem like implausible accuracy in self-reporting or in proxies for how we value
crime, such as jury awards. n125 This latter approach tends to lead to much
higher estimates for the cost of each crime. n126 While both methods have
limitations, they are no more likely to be ineffectual in assessing the costs of
police coercions than they are in assessing the costs of crime. Until we start
using some method, we know for sure that our evaluations of federal criminal
justice interventions - in fact, our assessments of all criminal justice
interventions - will be incomplete.

    [*907]  One seminal "bottom up" study on the costs of crime, Victim Costs
and Consequences: A New Look, was published by the National Institute of Justice
in 1996. n127 This influential work contended that the primary costs of crime to
victims arise from "(1) out-of-pocket expenses such as medical bills and
property losses, (2) reduced productivity at work, home, and school, and (3)
nonmonetary losses - such as fear, pain, suffering and lost quality of life."
n128 Notably, the same types of costs accrue to those subject to police
coercions. Individuals who are killed by the police suffer the same loss in
productivity as those killed in fatal crimes, estimated in the study to be $ 1
million per death. n129 Those injured by the police incur costs for medical care
and rehabilitation just as victims of crime do. n130 Those whose homes are
searched suffer property damage not unlike that suffered in burglaries and
attempted burglaries, which the study estimates at $ 970 per crime. n131 And any
police coercion can decrease quality of life, a cost that varies from zero
dollars to nearly $ 2 million per crime in the study's estimation. n132

   A casual "top down" look at the coercion costs of policing confirms the idea
that there are real costs associated with policing. One way scholars estimate
the costs of crime is to examine civil verdicts that value the harms caused by
criminal activity. n133 Since civil rights litigation, especially damages
actions under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 for constitutional violations by the police,
involves quantifying many of the costs of policing, this litigation can
similarly provide insight into the costs of coercion.

   The basic purpose of awarding damages under § 1983 is "to compensate persons
for injuries that are caused by the deprivation of constitutional rights." n134
Just as they would be in common law torts, those compensatory damages are
intended to reflect the harm a victim of police misconduct actually endures.
n135 Thus, plaintiffs do not receive damages for the "abstract value of the
rights ... asserted." n136 Instead,  [*908]  they collect compensation for
"actual losses" arising from provable injuries. n137 Those injuries include
monetary losses such as the loss of past earnings, the impairment of future
earnings, the expense of property damaged or destroyed, and medical or
psychological treatment expenses. n138 And they include nonmonetary injuries,
such as those resulting from physical harm, including pain, disability, and
discomfort; and emotional and mental harm including fear, humiliation, and
mental anguish. n139 Sometimes a victim's parents or children or spouses are
entitled to compensation for their own emotional pain and suffering as a result
of a victim's injuries as well. n140

   Of course, § 1983 only compensates for injuries caused by an officer's
wrongdoing. It does not put a price on constitutional police action.
Nevertheless, by reckoning with the value of the harms of unconstitutional acts,
§ 1983 cases provide insight into the costs of coercive policing, whether lawful
or not. For example, plaintiffs who win excessive force claims under § 1983 are
often awarded million-dollar compensation awards for physical injuries, pain and
suffering, medical expenses, and lost wages. n141 Although plaintiffs are not
entitled  [*909]  to that compensation unless the officer violates the law and
excessive force causes the injuries, n142 these harms overwhelmingly stem from
force itself, not from its illegality. An arrestee who resists arrest or attacks
an officer and therefore invites and justifies the use of force against him - no
less than a compensated plaintiff - loses earning capacity and suffers medical
expenses. His life is made notably worse by his injuries, pain, and suffering.
Even if one decides to exclude costs suffered by offenders, costs to the
arrestee's children, who suffer as a result of his disabilities, and the
societal costs of his lost productivity would remain. n143

   Just as excessive force cases suggest the injuries that can arise in any
police use of force, many of the damages awarded in false arrest cases are for
harms incurred in any arrest. Juries often award substantial damages in false
arrest cases for emotional harm, loss of liberty, and monetary losses. n144
Plaintiffs receive several thousands of dollars merely for the loss of a few
hours' time, n145 and tens of thousands of dollars for longer detentions. n146
It is not uncommon for awards to  [*910]  come to $ 200,000 or $ 300,000 for
arrests lasting from a few hours to a few days, when there are injuries other
than lost time. n147 While only the victims of false arrest deserve
compensation, suspects arrested based on probable cause suffer much the same
harm as those arrested illegally, including lost earnings, medical expenses, the
"denial of free movement," and some of the same humiliation and mental anguish,
independent of guilt. n148 There are good reasons not to ignore the costs of
arrests to an arrestee - given that those costs are not essential to either the
adjudication of crime or to its punishment - but as with uses of force, even if
we exclude the negative experiences of an arrestee himself, many notable costs
would remain, including anguish, lost income, work, and companionship suffered
by families and communities, regardless of an arrestee's guilt. Civil rights
litigation is relatively rare, and jury awards can be a high-variance means of
estimating the full costs of policing. But if the damages reflected in those
suits reflect even the right order of magnitude, they tell us something
significant about the potential costs of police coercion.

   Uses of force and arrests may impose obviously high costs, but even minor
coercions can be costly in the aggregate. Consider, as an analogy, traffic.
Traffic congestion merely slows those travelling by road, a form of suffering
many would consider less serious than being pulled over by an officer or being
ordered to leave a political protest. To estimate the costs of congestion,
social scientists estimate the fuel wasted, the value of lost hourly wages and
time, and the increased cost of goods and services that result from wasted time.
n149 While some of those costs seem trivial to each person, one recent
assessment concluded that the total economy-wide costs of traffic congestion to
the United States was more than $ 120 billion in 2013. n150 Common coercions by
the police also have consequences for time wasted, income lost, humiliation
suffered, and increased fear and distrust of the  [*911]  police. n151 Hundreds
of people are killed each year by the police. n152 Around thirteen million
people are arrested. n153 More than twenty-five million are pulled over in
traffic stops. n154 Millions more are frisked or searched or ordered to
disperse. n155 By any estimate, the costs of policing add up.

   As the costs-of-crime literature suggests, developing fully accurate
estimations of the costs of coercion will not be easy. In fact, some critics
argue that monetizing noneconomic costs of these kinds is an inevitably
problematic, if not pointless, exercise. n156 Whether or not good estimates of
the costs are available, however, we should expressly acknowledge the kinds and
the degree of injury that are caused by police coercion. In the absence of
explicit discussion of the costs of policing, arguments in favor of policing
policies are instead premised on "informal, implicit, and possibly ill-informed"
cost-benefit analyses, ones that may well overlook the real costs of public
[*912]  policy choices. n157 Rigorous estimations of the costs of coercion could
improve formal assessments of policing interventions and contribute to finding
ways to minimize the costs. But simply recognizing that coercion has real costs
could improve criminal justice decision making, a worthwhile, if more modest,
goal. n158

   D. How Federal Programs Increase Police Coercion and Its Costs

 Although local decisions dictate much of the cost of policing, federal public
safety programs also seek to expand and shape police conduct. To the degree they
succeed, federal actors influence the marginal costs and benefits of local
policing. Sometimes, as with COPS grants, they primarily affect the amount of
policing by paying for additional officers or additional equipment. n159 Such
programs affect coercion costs because they increase local policing, and that
policing involves coercion. The challenge in evaluating such programs is in
determining whether the marginal benefits in crime and fear reduction associated
with the program are worth the marginal costs of those coercions. Notably, while
eliminating policing completely may increase crime, the evidence about adding
officers to an existing police department is mixed. n160 If additional resources
do not reduce crime or only do so to a minor degree, adding police may be
inefficient, especially in a department that uses especially coercive policing
tactics.

   Other federal programs are intended to affect not only the amount of local
policing, but also its targets and tactics. As noted in Part I, there are often
good reasons to shift the targets and tactics of local policing, but doing so
comes at a price. Many of the federal programs  [*913]  that seek to reorient
local law enforcement also encourage significant additional marginal coercion
costs. In this way, federal programs push local policing in directions that are
less cost effective, as the examples in this section suggest.

   1. Arrests and Stops

 Several federal programs promote arrests, sometimes expressly. One of the
centerpieces of VAWA is the authorization of Grants to Encourage Arrest Policies
and Enforcement of Protection Orders, known as the Arrest Program. n161 Arrest
Program grants encourage "units of local government to treat domestic violence,
dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking as serious violations of criminal
law," n162 first and foremost by "implementing pro-arrest programs and policies
in police departments." n163 Even when grantees seek funding under the program
for other purposes, such as "strengthening legal advocacy service programs for
victims" n164 or "improving tracking of cases," they must certify that their
laws or official departmental policies "encourage or mandate arrests of domestic
violence offenders based on probable cause that an offense has been committed."
n165

   When it operates as intended, the Arrest Program promotes arrests for crimes
for which officers have probable cause to arrest but might otherwise have issued
a summons. n166 Ceteris paribus, it seeks to increase arrests even apart from
increasing prosecution and punishment of domestic violence crimes. Of course,
domestic violence arrests can have significant marginal benefits. An arrest can
end ongoing violence. n167 It may deter future crime, even if charges are
[*914]  subsequently dropped. n168 It has symbolic value. n169 And it may
increase the chances that prosecutors will pursue the case to conviction. n170
These benefits motivated the Arrest Program, which along with other parts of
VAWA, was intended to remedy inadequate protection of women by local law
enforcement. n171

   However, arrests in domestic violence cases can also have substantial
marginal costs. For an arrestee and his family, an arrest can lead to lost wages
and lost productivity (including childcare and housework); decreased future
income; legal costs; forgone education; humiliation; and a decreased quality of
life, including from consequences related to housing, child custody, and
immigration status. n172 Families may also incur precautionary costs to avoid
arrests: Some spouses and children will suffer physical injury and emotional
harm because they refrain from calling 911 when attacked to avoid triggering
their batterers' arrest. n173

    [*915]  Given the probable cause standard, a suspect lawfully subject to
arrest is not always guilty of a crime, and the innocent may suffer higher
emotional costs than the guilty when they are arrested. Mandatory and preferred
arrest policies have the predictable consequence of causing more innocent
suspects to be arrested, since the policies reduce officer discretion not to
arrest suspects who satisfy the legal standard for arrest but are unlikely to be
prosecuted or successfully convicted. Though there is limited research on the
matter, some empirical evidence suggests that pro-arrest policies in domestic
violence cases increase the proportion of domestic violence arrestees who are
not subsequently convicted of any crime, and they increase "dual arrests" -
arrests of both parties to an act of domestic violence. n174

   There were and are many good reasons for strengthening the criminal response
to domestic violence through VAWA. The question today is whether Arrest Program
grants and the conditions they require make continuing sense as a means of
preventing domestic violence, given the significant costs of police coercion.
Scholars and advocates have strong and varying views about the consequences of
policing domestic violence crimes. It should not, however, be controversial to
suggest that whatever the costs and benefits are, additional arrests must be
evaluated in light of them. Yet existing assessments of VAWA's effectiveness do
not adequately address the costs of arrests or consider the impact of arrests
separate from the impact of victim services, training for criminal justice
system participants, and increased prosecution and punishment. n175

   VAWA provides the most obvious federal encouragement for arrests, but it is
not alone in doing so. For example, under section 287(g) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security may enter into agreements
with local law enforcement agencies that authorize local officials to perform
the functions of federal immigration officers. n176 This delegated authority
allows local  [*916]  police departments to work cooperatively with ICE in order
to reduce the impact of illegal immigration on their communities, often in
reaction to recent rapid growth in immigrant populations. n177 In the vast
majority of jurisdictions that have 287(g) agreements, only jail personnel - and
not police officers - receive the training and authorization to check
immigration status, issue immigration detainers, or charge suspects with federal
immigration violations. n178 Since patrol officers cannot check immigration
status or hold someone for illegal status, the only way for an officer to
confirm or dispel suspicion that someone is illegally present in the country is
to arrest the suspect - if there is probable cause for a state or local offense
- and take him to jail, where such a check can occur. Ordinarily, police
officers do not arrest, transport, and book suspects for traffic violations or
minor crimes, though those arrests are constitutional and often permitted under
state law. n179 Instead, they usually issue a citation or summons to appear for
further proceedings. n180 Thus, in order to gain the benefits of increased
immigration enforcement pursuant to a 287(g) agreement, jurisdictions must
arrest suspects who - absent the 287(g) program - would likely have been
released.

   The same thing was true until the end of 2014 under the Secure Communities
program, an executive branch initiative in which all arrests by local police
triggered federal immigration scrutiny. n181 Under the controversial program,
fingerprints taken from arrestees when they were booked into jail were compared
to the Department of  [*917]  Homeland Security's database, which contains
fingerprints of individuals with an immigration history, as well as to the usual
FBI criminal fingerprint database. If a match with the immigration database
occurred, immigration officials evaluated the arrestee's status to determine
whether to issue a detainer requesting that the law enforcement agency hold the
arrestee to allow ICE to take him into custody.

   Secure Communities was intended to avoid some of the problems with 287(g),
which permitted local officials to subvert federal immigration enforcement
priorities in order to pursue local goals. n182 While the Department of Homeland
Security claimed that Secure Communities did not change local law enforcement
practices, n183 it is easy to see that it might have, given how it affected
local incentives with respects to arrests. n184 Secure Communities review could
not take place without a custodial arrest and could not be avoided once the
local jurisdiction ran a suspect's fingerprints through the federal database. In
jurisdictions seeking to avert aggressive federal immigration enforcement, the
program likely discouraged some discretionary custodial arrests. In
jurisdictions seeking to increase pressure on illegal immigrants, Secure
Communities likely encouraged police to conduct lawful arrests they would
otherwise not have made. n185

    [*918]  In the case of 287(g) and Secure Communities, the additional burdens
fall on those who are suspected both of traffic violations or other minor
misdemeanors and also of being illegally in the country. This burden is likely
to be suffered disproportionately by members of racial minority groups. That
fact imposes an additional kind of harm to dignity - a harm that federal law
effectively encourages local law enforcement to cause. Given that every arrest
is a serious and burdensome affair, programs that increase arrests must be
understood to increase the costs of policing. n186

   2. Militarism, Force, and the Threat of Force

 In addition to encouraging specific additional police actions like arrests,
federal grant programs also often encourage an aggressive and militaristic style
of policing that can, depending on circumstances, undermine as well as promote
public security. For example, the Homeland Security Grant Program n187 provides
hundreds of millions of dollars to state and local governments, much of which
goes to local law enforcement agencies, to prevent, protect against, and respond
to acts of terrorism. n188 Local law enforcement agencies have used the  [*919]
funding largely for new equipment, which requires less planning and ongoing
commitment of resources than alternative programmatic uses for the money. n189
The consequence has been increasingly militarized police departments, which now
have bomb-detection robots, Kevlar helmets, unmanned aerial vehicles (known as
drones), and tactical armored vehicles. n190 Homeland Security grants are the
primary source of funding for helicopters, tactical vehicles, and personal
protective equipment for police departments. n191

   Dozens of departments have used Homeland Security grants to buy BearCats -
Ballistic Engineered Armored Response Counter Attack Trucks, made by the
military supplier Lenco. n192 These armored personnel carriers - which cost $
250,000 or more - include ballistic glass, a rotating turret, and gun ports.
n193 A BearCat might deter some  [*920]  would-be terrorists, it might mitigate
the expected consequences of an attack, and it might ease fear and anxiety about
the risks of terrorism by signaling readiness. Similarly, it might deter,
mitigate the costs of, and reassure the community about crime by enabling a
police department to resolve hostage situations more quickly or to serve
high-risk warrants with fewer injuries to officers. n194 Presumably, these
benefits will be greatest in locations where the risk and fear of terrorism and
crime are most significant. The Department of Homeland Security has distributed
federal dollars far beyond such jurisdictions, n195 giving funding
disproportionately to departments in less-populated communities and states,
which often have both low risks of terrorism and low crime rates. n196

   Many have noted that the Homeland Security programs encourage militarism in
policing and that militarism in policing is a bad thing. n197 Thinking about
coercion costs helps show why. BearCats, other armored vehicles, and
high-powered weaponry may sometimes decrease the use of force by the police. But
other times this equipment will increase the chances that force will be used or
increase the severity of force, resulting in additional physical harm and the
connected costs of medical care, lost income, and pain and suffering that
physical injuries entail. A department with an armored vehicle might reclassify
ordinary warrant execution or other police-citizen  [*921]  encounters as high
risk in light of available resources (and the need to maintain training on the
equipment), subjecting citizens to the risk of increased harm, even when the
risks to officers and the public are low. n198 Thus, for example, the Maricopa
County Sheriff's Office in Arizona used two armored vehicles purchased with
Urban Areas Security Initiative funds and a special weapons and tactics (SWAT)
team to raid the house of a man suspected of cockfighting, a crime punishable by
up to eighteen-months imprisonment. n199

   Militarism also decreases police legitimacy and increases fear of the police.
n200 Police legitimacy has been the subject of an immense amount of academic
attention in the past two decades. n201 This research indicates that perceptions
of police legitimacy affect citizen compliance with the law and therefore police
effectiveness at fighting crime. n202 Existing cost-benefit assessments can
capture this aspect of legitimacy through the value of crime averted, though
crime control is not usually an outcome measure for evaluating Homeland Security
[*922]  grants. n203 Moreover, there are other consequences of undermining
legitimacy, including dissatisfaction with the police, refusal to cooperate with
the police, and reduced compliance with noncriminal norms and regulations. n204
These consequences also affect public order and communal quality of life, and
they are not reflected in assessments that incorporate changes in crime.

   If police legitimacy is at least a recognized concern, fear of the police has
received almost no academic attention. To the degree that policy interventions
increase fear of law enforcement and that fear of law enforcement (as opposed to
fear of prosecution or punishment) deters crime, fear already registers in
evaluations of the benefits of policing policy. But fear of the police also has
substantial costs that are not factored into existing assessments. As one
commentator noted:



    To be black and interact with the police is a scary thing. The fear doesn't
have to come from any kind of historical antagonism, which, trust me, would be
enough; it can also come from many data points of personal experience, collected
over time. Almost all black men have these close-call-style stories, and we
collect and mostly keep them to ourselves until one of us is killed. You know
how the stories go: I was pulled over one day and the cop drew his gun as he
approached my window; I was stopped on the street, handcuffed and made to sit on
the sidewalk because the cop said I looked like a suspect; I had four squad cars
pull up on me for jaywalking. We trade them like currency. And it almost goes
without saying that these stops are de facto violent, because even when the
officer doesn't physically harm you, you can feel that you've been robbed of
something. The thing to remember is that each of these experiences compounds the
last, like interest, so that at a certain point just seeing a police officer
becomes nauseating. That feeling is fear. n205

  [*923]  One might argue that the costs of fear are too diffuse, abstract, or
marginal to be considered in economic assessments of criminal justice policy.
Certainly, there are challenges in specifying and measuring apprehension. The
costs of fear of the police, however, are closely analogous to the costs of fear
of crime, which are increasingly incorporated into estimates of the costs of
crime - and consequently into assessments of the benefits of criminal justice
interventions. n206 The Department of Justice has advised police departments
that fear of crime is real and important, and that reducing it should be an
explicit police priority. n207 It is hard to imagine that fear of the police
should be taken any less seriously.

   Scholars take the costs of fear of crime to include both tangible and
intangible costs arising from anticipation of victimization. n208 Tangible costs
include preventative costs, such as security measures and additional transport
costs from taking a taxi rather than the subway because of the risk of
victimization. Intangible costs include the health loss attributable to anxiety
about crime and the loss of freedom we accept to avoid crime. Similarly, the
fear of police has multiple components. These include preventative steps
individuals take to avoid interactions with the police. n209 They also might
include the steps communities take to observe police conduct. For example, one
way to conceive of copwatching - the phenomenon of organized community  [*924]
groups that patrol neighborhoods in order to watch and record police conduct -
is as a cost of fear of police encounters. n210

   Armored vehicles and high-powered weaponry increase the intangible costs of
fear of the police. In fact, police departments value this equipment precisely
because its menacing presence generates "shock and awe" n211 - that is, because
it generates this harm. Since military equipment in police hands has benefits as
well as these costs, it is not obvious whether Homeland Security grants outweigh
their costs. Still, even a cursory look at the programs suggest that existing
grants do not minimize the costs. Many of the communities which have received
BearCats, for example, are ones that face little serious crime and almost no
risk of terrorist attack, such as Keene, New Hampshire and Fargo, North Dakota.
n212 Instead of using them in response to terrorism or crime incidents, police
officers carry assault weapons or drive armored personnel carriers at the
Clovis, California Letterman Park Easter Egg Hunt and in the Manchester, New
Hampshire St. Patrick's Day Parade. n213 For communities rarely requiring the
use of militarized equipment and needing little additional crime deterrence,
these displays, which subject citizens to a widespread and ongoing implicit (if
low-level) threat of force (as well as reassurance), may well impose more harm
than they prevent.

   Homeland Security grants are not the only federal subsidy for militarized
policing. The Department of Defense's Excess Property Program, usually referred
to as the 1033 Program, authorizes the Defense Logistics Agency's Law
Enforcement Support Office to provide  [*925]  without charge surplus Department
of Defense military equipment to state and local law enforcement agencies for
counternarcotics and counterterrorism activities. Through this program,
departments all over the country have access to military airplanes, helicopters,
drones, armored personnel carriers, body armor, and night vision equipment. n214
More specifically, as of late 2014, the program sent 92,442 small arms, 44,275
night vision devices, 5235 Humvees - also known as High Mobility, Multipurpose
Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs) - 617 Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles
(MRAPs), and 616 aircraft to law enforcement agencies around the country. n215

   The 1033 Program is sometimes viewed as a more efficient alternative to
Homeland Security funding because it takes advantage of existing equipment, and
it has provided $ 2.7 billion in existing equipment to law enforcement agencies
in the last five years. n216 However, even if it is more financially efficient
for the federal government, the program also provides a broader subsidy for
militarizing local police departments, unconstrained by department size, crime
rates, terrorism risk, or the suitability of the equipment for the public safety
threats the department faces. Law enforcement agencies themselves determine
whether equipment is appropriate for the department, n217 and some of the
largest beneficiaries of the 1033 Program have been tiny departments. They
include the Fairmount, Georgia Police Department, which serves 7000 citizens and
yet acquired 17,145 items in a five-year period, and the police department in
Issaquah, Washington, which serves 30,000 people and received 37,000 pieces of
equipment. n218 Departments that rarely see a violent crime have obtained M-16
and AR-15 assault rifles, bayonets, armored vehicles, helicopters,  [*926]
grenade launchers, and amphibious tanks though the program. n219 Recently,
hundreds of departments have received eighteen-ton MRAPs, worth $ 500,000 each,
when the vehicles returned from Iraq. Two dozen of those departments serve
communities of 25,000 people or fewer. n220 Because the program does not tailor
the amount or kind of equipment to the public safety threats faced by the
department, the program facilitates costs (from the use of force and the
implicit threat of force) even when the likely benefits of the equipment (in the
form of increased officer and public safety) are minimal. Nor can the equipment
simply be obtained and remain unused: Recipients are required by the terms of
the program to use any equipment they receive within one year, n221 ensuring
that communities will pay some coercion costs, even if the equipment is free.

   Another Department of Defense program, the 1122 Program, permits local law
enforcement agencies to purchase similar military equipment for counterdrug and
homeland security activities through federal suppliers at discounted rates. It
is often used to subsidize the purchase of weapons and surveillance equipment,
n222 and therefore may have effects that are similar in kind to the 1033
Program, if less extreme. In addition, forty percent of JAG funding is used for
equipment. Though most of that equipment is not militaristic, a significant
amount of JAG funding is used to purchase weapons, including firearms, explosive
devices, Tasers, tear gas, and SWAT gear. n223

    [*927]  Like Homeland Security funding, federal equipment programs
facilitate the use and threatened use of force and sometimes erode public trust
in the police, something that in the aftermath of Ferguson even the federal
government has begun to notice. A recent White House review of the 1033 Program
noted that "when police lack adequate training, make poor operational choices,
or improperly use equipment, these programs can facilitate excessive uses of
force and serve as a highly visible barrier between police and the communities
they secure." n224

   Increased militarism in American policing goes beyond equipment. The military
and police forces have a lot in common, including hierarchical organization, a
reliance on coercive techniques, and a professional dependence on physical skill
and strength. n225 Nevertheless, their missions and the legal frameworks in
which they operate are distinct. Especially in the context of the "wars" on
drugs and terrorism, which have been largely funded by federal grants, American
police departments have been infused with military structure, culture, and
techniques. n226 In many departments, cohesive SWAT teams, modeled on military
special operations groups and trained by military veterans, execute an
increasing number of no-knock warrants and other operations using military
techniques to enter and secure buildings. n227 Federal programs also involve
military personnel directly in local law enforcement. The Department of
Defense's Counterdrug Program, for example, provides local police departments
with direct support for drug interdiction, including through Joint Task Force
North, a military operation designed to support domestic counterdrug and
counterterrorism activities. n228 In border towns, this means that  [*928]
American military personnel provide training to police departments in small-unit
tactics, interrogation techniques, and the use of pyrotechnics and booby traps
designed for combat rather than securing suspects for trial. n229 In each case,
whatever the benefits, there is also a risk of additional costly force and fear
from the tactics.

   Even COPS grants could be said to push militarized policing, at least
indirectly. The CHP awards money to police departments to defray the salaries
and benefits of new hires. In 2012, the program introduced a restriction that
the approximately $ 115 million in awards could only be used to hire new police
officers who served in the military since 9/11. n230 This requirement was
eliminated in 2013, but it is not the first or likely the last federal program
that has linked veterans and police departments. n231 There are many good
reasons to favor veteran hiring preferences in policing, including the age and
experience of former soldiers. n232 But those who have served in the military
may be more likely to import its culture, mission, tactics, and training to
policing than other hires, a matter not considered in establishing such
programs. n233

    [*929]  Not all federal grant programs encourage militaristic policing, and
some may mitigate the diffuse anxiety that policing can trigger. Most notably,
COPS grants were created in part to promote community-oriented policing, a
policing philosophy that might lessen the intimidation that law enforcement
presence otherwise triggers for some. n234 Still, the overall tendency of
federal public safety programs is apparent. In major ways and minor ones,
federal programs contribute to militarism in policing and the potential for
additional force and fear. These programs therefore encourage costly policing,
sometimes when it is least justified.

   3. Property Deprivations

 Perhaps the most obvious example of a federal program intended to encourage
coercive tactics by local police is federal asset forfeiture law. While federal
laws permit federal law enforcement to confiscate property connected with
federal criminal activity, n235 and many states permit local officers to seize
property connected with specific state criminal violations, n236 federal
statutes also permit local police departments to seize property associated with
federal crimes and receive a significant share of the proceeds through the
federal Equitable Sharing Program. n237 For example, the program has permitted
federal agencies to "adopt" purely local seizures of property forfeitable under
[*930]  federal law. n238 The local seizing agencies receive up to eighty
percent of the proceeds, and in this way the federal government has given
billions of dollars in cash to local police departments that can be used only
for local law enforcement purposes. n239 Local departments have sought adoption
and received money under the Equitable Sharing Program even when state laws
would not have permitted forfeiture under the circumstances or would not have
given funds to the police department if the state forfeited the property. n240
Many thousands of law enforcement agencies have participated in the Equitable
Sharing Program, and more than $ 4.5 billion has been shared. n241 The
Department of the Treasury administers a similar equitable sharing program,
which allows local forfeitures to be adopted by additional federal agencies.
n242 The Treasury Forfeiture Fund received more than $ 1.7 billion in total net
deposits and sent to state and local law enforcement agencies nearly $ 123
million in 2013 alone. n243

   These equitable sharing programs are specifically designed to provide a
financial incentive to local police departments to seize property. In one way,
the costs associated with these programs are limited: Much of the value of
forfeited property is transferred to the government rather than lost.
Nevertheless, seizures motivated by equitable sharing have other significant
costs. A person subject to forfeiture often loses income, if, for example, his
seized car is his usual transportation to work. He must pay lawyers and legal
costs to contest the seizure if he wants to recover his property. His quality of
life will suffer when he loses his home or vehicle. These costs accrue to the
families of property owners as well as the owners themselves, and they  [*931]
are incurred regardless of whether the owner has participated in criminal
activity. In addition, society suffers when frequent forfeitures by the police -
like thefts - reduce the value of property rights to those who hold them,
discouraging what would otherwise be productive investment. n244

   Beyond adding to the marginal coercion costs of law enforcement by increasing
property seizures, asset forfeiture and equitable sharing programs have two
effects on the police: They contribute resources, mitigating departmental budget
constraints, and they lower the cost for departments of police activities that
generate forfeitures relative to other activities. n245 Even assuming that
adding resources to police departments has net benefits, changing law
enforcement activities in local departments needs careful evaluation, since it
easily risks making local policing less cost effective overall.

   For example, asset forfeiture is closely linked to drug crime enforcement
through traffic interdiction. n246 Drug crimes are an especially appealing
target for local departments looking for equitably shared funds because they are
a federal priority and often involve vehicles, real property, and large amounts
of cash, all of which are valuable and forfeitable under federal law. n247
Traffic enforcement is both a traditional law enforcement activity and a useful
means of discovering drug crimes. n248 An officer may permissibly stop a car
with probable cause of any criminal violation, including a minor traffic
infraction. n249 Once the car is stopped, the officer may search it without
[*932]  a warrant if he receives consent from the driver, n250 if a drug dog
alerts on the car, n251 or if he has probable cause to believe he will find
evidence of any crime. n252 If the officer finds evidence of an offense for
which forfeiture is permitted, he may seize the car, cash, and other property,
even if he does not arrest the car's driver. If he does not find forfeitable
evidence, the officer can issue a ticket or a warning. An officer can conduct
many such stops in a shift.

   Drug crimes can be discovered in other ways, but alternative strategies are
unlikely to be as efficient at securing equitable proceeds as traffic
enforcement focused on interdiction. For example, the White House suggests that
coordinated, intelligence-based drug trafficking investigations are central to
disrupting trafficking organizations in the long run. n253 But that work is
resource intensive. Since the value of forfeitable property is tied to the value
of the property seized rather than the significance of the crime, departments
may be able to maximize equitable proceeds by frequently taking property
associated with small drug crimes rather than targeting sophisticated
organizations. Some critics argue that asset forfeiture actually gives police
departments the incentive to permit drug crimes to continue because ongoing
trafficking provides additional seizure opportunities. n254 Whether or not this
effect exists, it would seem that additional traffic enforcement directed at
drug interdiction is a predictable consequence of the federal program design.

   Moreover, even if traffic enforcement is efficient as a policing strategy,
asset forfeiture and the federal programs that support it can make it less so.
For instance, illegal drugs are frequently transported from Mexico to be
distributed throughout the United States. When police seize those drugs during
stops of northbound traffic, they prevent  [*933]  the drugs from being sold or
used, punish the couriers, and reduce profits for traffickers. While stopping
that traffic for drug interdiction purposes can inconvenience people, more
costly methods of coercion - arrests and seizures - usually happen only when
drugs are found, which is to say, they mostly affect the guilty. Asset
forfeiture encourages police to focus on southbound traffic, since if drugs are
seized going north they are destroyed and the local agency gains no direct
benefit, but if money is seized travelling southbound the police department can
reap a significant financial reward from forfeiture. n255 Officers may catch
drug couriers either way, but southbound seizures do not directly prevent the
sale or use of the drugs. n256 Moreover, because they involve money rather than
drugs, southbound stops may be more error-prone and generate greater litigation
and precautionary costs than those on the other side of the highway. Though
equitable sharing permits and incentivizes local law enforcement to dedicate
additional resources to national priority crimes, by providing a
disproportionate incentive to stop southbound traffic, it also encourages less
effective and efficient law enforcement. n257

   Despite the complex costs and benefits of asset forfeiture, there are no
cost-benefit analyses of federal equitable sharing programs or,  [*934]  for
that matter, of asset forfeiture programs more broadly. n258 Instead, there is
an implicit cost-benefit argument at the heart of asset forfeiture programs. The
programs are based on a plausible mechanism by which they might deter crime -
depriving criminals of their profits - and they seek to pay for themselves out
of the proceeds of seized property. In this light, these programs look efficient
and, given the absence of implementation costs, cost effective compared to
almost any alternative.

   In fact, both sides of this equation are suspect. The benefits of asset
forfeiture and equitable sharing programs are uncertain at best, since there is
no research showing that asset forfeiture reduces crime. n259 More importantly
for the purposes of this Article, on the cost side, when the federal government
adopts a seizure, the local law enforcement agency's cut is taken from the net
proceeds of the seizure. n260 The net proceeds are calculated as the gross
receipts from the sale of the forfeited property after subtracting third-party
interests (e.g., valid liens or mortgages), money paid to victims, federal
case-related expenses, federal property management and disposition expenses,
awards paid to federal informants, payments for experts used to seize and
dispose of assets, and reimbursements relating to the seizure. n261 This
accounting incorporates some important costs of forfeiture, but it misses
others, including lost income and productivity; reduced quality of life;
litigation costs; precautionary costs; search, replacement, and inconvenience
costs; the effect on productive investment in property; and the costs of the
distortions in police incentives. n262

   Nor do the equitable sharing programs take into account the costs that accrue
when local law enforcement agencies use the funds they receive. Funding
additional law enforcement is considered an important benefit of the federal
program. But the uses of the shared funds themselves generate costs as well as
benefits. Funds used for overtime mean more policing overall, including a
likelihood of more  [*935]  arrests, searches, and uses of force. And many of
the encouraged uses of equitable sharing program funds are themselves coercive,
and therefore especially costly. When equitably shared funds are used to pay for
informants and electronic surveillance, those funds mean more deprivations of
privacy. When they are used to purchase firearms or Tasers, they may mean more
uses of force. These consequences should also be considered as costs of asset
forfeiture. Since the calculus of costs the programs use does not include all of
the marginal costs of forfeiting property or altering the incentives of law
enforcement, we have no assurance that the programs really do pay their way.

   Some of the problems with equitable sharing have been noticed. The Department
of Justice program especially has had many critics, n263 and outgoing Attorney
General Eric Holder recently announced changes to the Department of Justice's
exercise of its equitable sharing authority. n264 Specifically, the Attorney
General commanded federal agencies within his control not to adopt seizures
carried out exclusively by local law enforcement agencies unless they relate
directly to public safety. n265 These changes will likely reduce the impact of
equitable sharing on local law enforcement some, but they are not as dramatic as
they might seem at first glance. The changes only apply to federal adoptions.
n266 Since most equitable sharing proceeds result from collaborations between
federal and local agencies, such as in multijurisdictional task forces, the
changes only affect a small piece of federal forfeiture. n267 Moreover, the
changes only affect the Attorney General's exercise of discretion over equitable
sharing; they do not  [*936]  eliminate this discretion, which exists as a
matter of statute. n268 As a result, this order is easily reversible by future
Attorneys General or presidential administrations. Finally, the changes only
apply to the Department of Justice's Equitable Sharing Program, and not to the
Department of the Treasury's similar program. Federal programs have and will
continue to provide an incentive to local law enforcement to deprive individuals
of their property.

   4. Privacy Deprivations

 Federal public safety programs also facilitate surveillance, the use of
undercover officers, and other police activities that impinge on privacy. A
variety of federal programs provide local police departments the video
surveillance systems, night vision goggles, license plate readers, drones, and
other equipment that facilitate monitoring private action unobserved. As noted
above, the Department of Defense's 1033 Program gives this equipment directly to
police departments. The Homeland Security Grant Program funds the purchase of
surveillance and other equipment by local departments. The Department of
Defense's 1022 Program subsidizes local purchases of such equipment. The
Department of Justice's Equitable Sharing Program generates funds that may be
used for equipment purchases. And High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area funds are
used for surveillance equipment. n269 In addition, the Department of Justice's
Safe Streets and Byrne JAG funding for joint task forces gives local departments
access to federal equipment and expertise. n270

   Even beyond equipping departments, federal grants favor focusing law
enforcement resources on crimes that often demand invasive investigation
techniques. Several programs in the Department  [*937]  of Justice emphasize
gang and drug crimes; in the Department of Defense, drug trafficking; and in the
Department of Homeland Security, terrorism. Unlike traditional violent crime,
each of these priorities pushes police departments away from traditional,
reactive policing techniques, such as interviewing witnesses and collecting
forensic evidence, and towards electronic surveillance and undercover
operations. Of course, there may be sound reasons to prioritize these crimes,
even if intrusive techniques are required. Yet, indisputably, privacy
deprivations have their costs, including embarrassment, lost dignity, and
precautionary costs. These costs should be counted.

   E. Assessing the Scale of Federal Influence

 I have highlighted federal policing programs that especially incentivize more
harmful policing techniques. Some federal policing programs largely avoid
directly promoting intrusive policing or even discourage it. Nevertheless, a
wide range of significant programs promote coercion, and these programs -
including especially the Department of Justice's VAWA grants and Equitable
Sharing Program, the Department of Homeland Security's terrorism prevention
grants and 287(g) program, the Department of Defense's 1022 and 1033 Programs,
and funding for joint drug task forces - involve billions of dollars each year
across several major federal agencies.

   It is very difficult to get a handle on the degree to which federal
incentives affect local policing. Municipalities spend more than $ 50 billion
per year on police protection. n271 This amount includes spending for more than
12,500 local police departments, n272 with the average department's operating
budget at about $ 4.4 million. n273 It is unclear how much of that spending
comes from the federal government, n274 since there is no authoritative list of
federal government  [*938]  grant programs that seek to promote public safety,
n275 and the programs vary significantly from year to year. In 2010, the last
year for which data is available and a year in which violent crime was low,
census data suggests that the federal government gave $ 2.8 billion in
intergovernmental transfers for police protection, most of which went to local
governments. n276

   On top of these intergovernmental transfers for crime control, the federal
government gives millions of dollars to local police departments for other
purposes, such as the $ 1.7 billion the Department of Homeland Security gave in
grants to state and local governments for terrorism prevention that year, more
than $ 400 million of which could only be used for law enforcement readiness.
n277 In addition, as described above, federal agencies provide local departments
with equipment and resources other than grants-in-aid, including, for example, $
212.6 million in Department of Defense donations to local police through the
1033 Program, n278 and nearly $ 400 million the Department of Justice
distributed in equitable sharing disbursements in 2010. n279 These numbers
suggest that federal public safety programs are not an insignificant force in
local policing, a proposition anecdotal evidence corroborates. n280

   The magnitude of the effect appears even greater when federal public safety
programs are contrasted with federal civil rights programs on policing. The
Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division sues departments for patterns and
practices of constitutional deprivations and prosecutes individual officers for
misconduct. These programs loom large in scholarly and public understanding of
federal involvement in policing, and many think they impact police conduct
[*939]  significantly. Yet the Civil Rights Division prosecutes no more than a
few dozen officers each year, n281 investigates only a few departments, n282 and
spends only $ 12 million per year on police misconduct. n283 It hardly seems
likely that the billions of dollars in support the federal government offers
local police departments for public safety efforts has much less influence or
deserves less analysis. One might respond that civil rights enforcement has
expressive value far beyond its direct incentive effect. So do federal public
safety programs. Whatever the precise mix of their incentive effects, federal
public safety programs - from JAG grants to the 1033 Program to Homeland
Security grants - clearly communicate a federal message about policing, and that
message favors coercion.

   III

 Federal Programs and Police Accountability

 The federal failure to recognize the costs of policing in federal criminal
justice programs is more important than it looks. Local governments run police
departments, and they largely decide how harmful policing will be and how those
harms will be distributed. While local political actors often set policy without
fully accounting for the harms policing can do, much as federal actors do, they
also face political pressure much more often than their federal counterparts
when those harms become extreme or widespread. That pressure leads them to push
police departments to lessen that harm.

   For local governments to function as a check on the nonbudgetary costs of
policing, the public must be able to monitor and attribute responsibility for
the harm the police do, and political actors must be able to influence police
conduct. Federal programs are often designed in ways that undermine these
preconditions for local accountability. First, federal programs sometimes cloud
responsibility for officer conduct, interfering with the public's ability to
identify and react to intrusive policing by local police officers. Second,
federal programs often give money, equipment, and power directly to police
departments rather than to states or local governments. By doing so, federal
programs disrupt the usual means by which communities exert local control over
police chiefs and departments. In Part II, I illustrated how federal public
safety programs encourage policing that is  [*940]  more socially costly than it
needs to be. In this Part, I show that federal programs are also designed in
ways that make policing less responsive to public concern about those costs. In
this way too, federal programs may make policing more harmful.

   A. Political Mechanisms and the Coercion Costs of Policing

 Local governments provide most policing. They decide how many officers to hire
and how many substations to build. They determine how to balance reducing 911
response time with preventing terrorism. They choose how to prioritize competing
concerns about property crime, violent crime, and the drug trade. These
decisions, and many others, help determine how harmful policing will be.
Although state and federal law constrain local policing at the margins, local
political processes are the main determinant of the shape of policing, including
how often and to whom the police cause harm through stops, frisks, searches,
arrests, uses of force, and damage to or deprivation of property.

   Ideally, governments pursue public policies that are more beneficial than
harmful to the public. In practice, of course, governments are far from ideal.
n284 As noted above, local governments often suffer from what can be thought of
as political market failure, resulting in the suboptimal production of public
goods. n285 In Part I, I described political market failures that might lead
local governments to provide too little or the wrong kinds of policing. There
are also political problems that lead local governments to provide too much or
too intrusive law enforcement. For instance, most people in the United States
never encounter a police officer in a year unless they call one or are stopped
[*941]  for a traffic offense. n286 A small percentage of the public, however -
often disproportionately members of racial minorities n287 - is searched,
arrested, or subject to force, sometimes repeatedly. n288 This suggests a
decoupling between the population that experiences the benefits of policing -
which are widely distributed - and the population that pays its costs, which are
concentrated on a smaller, politically-weak minority, including criminal
suspects. The result is that political actors have reason to serve the voting
public by providing more intrusive policing than is socially efficient. n289

   Even with this problem, however, local governments do not entirely ignore the
coercion costs of policing. Although municipalities may on balance provide
overly intrusive policing, the public also constrains the societal costs of
policing by registering concern at the ballot box or through social media, calls
to public officials, and street protests. Once the public expresses its concern,
police departments and local elected officials often respond. n290

   Police officers answer to department chiefs. Those chiefs answer to city
officials who hire, manage, and fire them and control police department budgets.
n291 And those city officials are subject to the local  [*942]  political
process. When the costs of policing become especially significant, conspicuous,
or widespread, community members register concern. n292 In reaction, departments
and local governments work to reduce policing's harms. n293 Thus, in
Albuquerque, New Mexico, community outrage, public protests, and media attention
over police shootings led the City Council to call for and receive both a
Department of Justice investigation of the city's Police Department and the
police chief's resignation. n294 The uproar also led Mayor Richard Berry to
adopt sweeping reforms to training, policy, and officer and department oversight
in order to stem the use of excessive force. n295 Similarly, Bill de Blasio
centered his campaign for Mayor of New York on opposing the New York Police
Department's policy of aggressively stopping and frisking pedestrians as a means
of crime control. n296 The issue distinguished de Blasio in a crowded electoral
field, and "catapulted him from a long-shot candidate ... to the first
Democratic mayor the city had seen in two decades, winning office in a
landslide." n297 He has since revised substantially the department's stop-
[*943]  and-frisk policy. n298 All over the country, uses of force, invasions of
privacy, arrests, and stops are challenged by the public, and public officials
respond by pushing for change. In this way, local citizens use political
processes to change police or city leadership; improve officer training,
policies, and oversight; and reduce police practices that especially impose
harm.

   The same phenomenon occurs in the federal government, though significantly
less frequently. It happened recently when protests around the country
registered concern about the state of American policing after a police officer
shot Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. President Obama initiated a review of
federal programs that provide military equipment, proposed spending $ 263
million over three years to fund body cameras for police officers, and announced
the creation of a Task Force on 21st Century Policing. n299 Congress also held
hearings on militarization of local police departments in response to images of
heavily armed law enforcement officers policing protesters in Ferguson. n300
Before that, however, the last major federal initiatives focused on reducing
police coercion or increasing police accountability were in the Violent Crime
Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. n301 This bill, the largest crime bill
in history, granted, inter alia, authority to the Department of Justice to sue
police departments for patterns and practices of misconduct in what is now known
as 42 U.S.C. § 14141 and enabled the Department of Justice to provide grants to
advance community policing. n302

   Local governments are - more often than the federal government - responsive
to public concerns about police coercion when individual incidents or widespread
practices lead to strong public backlash. n303 This process can serve as a
significant channel for democratic  [*944]  control over police practices.
Unfortunately, several major federal programs to promote local policing are
designed in ways that undermine this system.

   B. Federal Programs Disrupt Local Accountability

 Democratic accountability exists when political officials are answerable to the
public for the consequences of their political choices. Effective local
accountability for policing cannot exist unless the public knows what the police
do and political actors can effectively influence officer conduct. n304 Existing
federal statutes granting money and power to police departments erode these
conditions for accountability by inhibiting scrutiny of police department
practices and by freeing police chiefs from political and budgetary constraints
that are used to influence police conduct. The effect is to disaggregate local
government, separating police power from political control.

   1. Task Forces and Accountability

 Federal laws and programs creating and encouraging multijurisdictional task
forces have become a centerpiece of federal efforts to strengthen public safety.
Through task forces, officers from multiple agencies work together as a new
entity to target a particular criminal problem that crosses jurisdictional
boundaries. Despite falling crime rates in recent years, federal support for
policing through task forces has intensified. Joint task forces now target not
only organized and violent crime and drug trafficking, but also gun trafficking,
human trafficking, terrorism, gangs, child exploitation, and computer crime.
n305 Nationwide, tens of thousands of local police officers participate in
hundreds of joint task forces, often full time. n306 Advocates  [*945]  argue
that joint task forces improve coordination and communication among agencies,
allowing agencies to operate efficiently and share expertise and resources. n307
However, multijurisdictional task forces also tend to obscure responsibility for
the law enforcement activities in which they engage, denying communities
information about the activities of their police departments.

   Ordinarily, public law enforcement agencies exercise coercive authority on
behalf of a single unit of government. Each agency is part of the government of
a jurisdiction - whether town, city, state, or nation - and is subject to
political control by the citizens of that jurisdiction. Some of the most basic
and universal features of American police departments exist to facilitate
political accountability to the relevant public. This is why police departments
are hierarchical organizations with a single chief; why officers wear uniforms
displaying a name, a rank, and a number that can be used to identify them; and
why departments operate within a limited geographic area that maps a political
unit.

   Joint task forces do not share these accountability-promoting features. n308
They combine officers from different agencies into a single operating entity, in
which there is usually no executive in charge, no obvious jurisdictional
boundary to their work, and no single government to which they are answerable.
n309 Some are the product of memoranda of understanding that define the roles
and responsibilities of participants, though those memoranda are often unknown
to the task  [*946]  force officers, much less the public, and are seldom
enforced. n310 Others operate without any formal allocation of power and
responsibility to participating agencies. n311 When officers wearing Drug Task
Force jackets raid your home, how do you know whom to call to complain? n312
This muddling of responsibility is particularly troubling because joint law
enforcement task forces commonly engage in precisely those activities that local
jurisdictions might well restrict because of their nonbudgetary costs, such as
surveillance, electronic monitoring, and undercover operations. n313

   The rise of these joint task forces is largely attributable to extensive
federal funding available for them. The Byrne JAG Program alone is a vast source
of funding for task forces. Though Byrne JAG grants fund an array of program
areas, states and localities use most of the grant money for law enforcement,
and the federal government especially favors funding for multijurisdictional
drug enforcement task forces. n314 In total, nearly a quarter of all JAG
funding, approximately  [*947]  $ 115 million each year, is spent on task
forces. n315 For many collaborations, it is the sole source of funds.

   Other grant programs also subsidize joint task forces. The Organized Crime
Drug Enforcement Task Forces Program is the "centerpiece" of the Department of
Justice's drug strategy. n316 Project Safe Neighborhoods funds gun and gang task
forces. The Enhanced Collaborative Model to Combat Human Trafficking funds human
trafficking task forces. The Intellectual Property Theft Enforcement Program
funds intellectual property task forces. Operation Stonegarden and other
Homeland Security grants fund joint terrorism task forces. The High Intensity
Drug Trafficking Areas Program supports drug task forces. n317 When other
funding for task forces dries up, the Department of Justice's Equitable Sharing
Program permits task forces to become self-financing, so that they can outlive
the grants that enabled them. n318

   2. Federal Power to Local Police Officers

 Federal law also permits federal agencies to grant federal enforcement powers
to local police officers in ways that expand authority and blur control over
local officers. Through the 287(g) program, for example, the Department of
Homeland Security enters agreements with law enforcement agencies to give
federal immigration power to designated local officers, who then serve under
federal command in exercising those powers. n319 More generally, any federal law
enforcement agency can request that the U.S. Marshals Service provide federal
deputy status to a local law enforcement officer under  [*948]  a statute that
permits the U.S. Marshals Service to command "all necessary assistance to
execute its duties." n320 This delegation of authority permits the deputized
officer to enforce all orders of federal courts and to make arrests without
warrants for federal crimes, powers otherwise unavailable to local police
officers. The process for deputizing police officers is trivially easy,
requiring a letter from a federal agency to the U.S. Marshals Service, after
which U.S. Marshals Service personnel swear the police officer in for one year
or for the duration of the investigation. From start to finish the process can
take less than twenty-four hours. n321

   Local police officers are creatures of municipalities and states; they
ordinarily have only that enforcement power provided by state law. They enforce
state criminal law and local ordinances within the jurisdictional boundaries and
under the supervision of the municipality that employs them, except where state
law provides otherwise. Federal deputation and 287(g) allow local officers to
operate outside those constraints. In each case, local governments can be left
out of the process of governing local law enforcement use of coercive power
against their citizens.

   3. Federal Programs and Police Budgets

 Federal law also attenuates police accountability by freeing local police
departments and specialized units within them from local financial control.
Overwhelmingly, police department funds come from local governments, and
policing consumes a large part of municipal budgets. n322 Those budgets provide
a crucial form of political control over police departments, n323 one which
federal programs disrupt.

    [*949]  When a chief proposes a budget, he must specify and justify his
goals, his planned programs and activities, and the resources those activities
require. This process gives local government officials and voters an opportunity
to weigh in on both the means and ends of law enforcement and it provides a
standard by which they can later measure the department's performance. n324 The
budgeting process therefore not only allocates scarce resources, it provides an
important mechanism for local governments to reject law enforcement activities
that - although lawful - are inconsistent with local interests and priorities.
n325

   When federal programs provide funding, equipment, or power to obtain
resources (through equitable sharing) to departments, they give local police
departments the means to secure their resources without this local check. As a
White House review of federal equipment programs recently noted: "These programs
often permit [law enforcement agencies] to request equipment outside of a local
government's standard budget process and without civilian (nonpolice) government
approval. Local elected officials are frequently not involved in the
decision-making, and the general public is similarly unaware of what their [law
enforcement agencies] possess." n326 More generally, federal laws that give
local police departments resources directly can subvert critical community input
into local police activities.

   The most significant cost in any police department's budget, often comprising
80% or more of the budget, is personnel costs, including salaries, overtime,
wages, and fringe benefits for uniformed officers and nonuniformed employees.
n327 In the budget process, most local governments authorize the number and rank
of officers the department  [*950]  may hire and the salaries of those officers.
These decisions affect how many officers are on the streets, how carefully they
are supervised, and how educated, trained, and professional they are likely to
be. The CHP seeks to increase policing resources by facilitating hiring by local
police departments. By providing funds directly to law enforcement agencies to
hire officers, the CHP expands local capacity to hire, but also limits local
political control over uniformed personnel decisions. And it has done so to the
tune of billions of dollars for many tens of thousands of officers.

   In addition to COPS, other federal grant programs provide salaries for
officers in specialized units - such as those that fight drug trafficking - or
for joint task forces. n328 The result is to free officers engaged in some of
the most intrusive law enforcement activities from local budgetary scrutiny or
control. n329 In the programs that fund officers engaged in joint task forces,
the problem of accountability is compounded; officers are freed from both direct
local command and also from financial dependence on the local government for
which they work. The consequence is to reduce local police department dependence
on local funding for their personnel. n330 This funding can have substantial
advantages for small or underresourced departments that are otherwise unable to
provide as much policing as the public would prefer, but it can also have
implications for political control over policing's nonbudgetary costs.

    [*951]  Although personnel costs constitute the majority of most police
department budgets, nonpersonnel costs are significant and often easier
politically for local government officials to cut or control in order to
influence police practices. These costs include weapons and equipment; materials
and supplies; fixed assets such as land, offices, and vehicles; the overhead
costs for operating those assets; travel and transportation costs; contractual
services; and other general and administrative expenses. n331 A variety of
federal programs allow police departments to secure these resources without
local government participation. The 1033 Program permits the transfer of
vehicles, office supplies and equipment, body armor, surveillance equipment, and
communications equipment directly to the police department. The Equitable
Sharing Program gives local police chiefs the power to secure and utilize
equitably-shared funds, which must be used for nonsalary law enforcement
purposes but may not supplant local funding. Police departments are counseled
that they may buy firearms and other weapons, or use the money for surveillance
equipment, "payments to informants; 'buy,' 'flash,' or reward money; and the
purchase of evidence." n332 Yet these are precisely the activities local
governments might refuse to fund. In this way, the Equitable Sharing Program is
expressly designed to subsidize some of the most intrusive activities in which
police departments engage - the use of force and covert policing - precisely
when local governments decline to support them.

   Because there is so little attention given to the processes of local
accountability, some federal programs are designed in ways that actually permit
police departments to bypass the terms of other federal programs that facilitate
local accountability. For example, several federal programs permit police
departments to seek funding or resources directly, but in practice necessitate
governmental support because the programs' terms require some local funding
(often in the form of matching a percentage of the grant). n333 Such
requirements ensure local commitment to the funded priority. But other federal
programs provide resources that can be used by departments to satisfy the
contribution requirements, removing the need for local political support.

   Asset forfeiture proceeds shared by the federal government with local
departments do this doubly. First, police departments may use equitable sharing
funds to satisfy the "local law enforcement agency's  [*952]  matching
contribution or share in a federal grant program." n334 More subtly, equitable
sharing funds compound the accountability-depleting effects of federal funding
for task forces. Federal grant programs often provide officer salaries for local
participation in task forces, but leave operational costs to local resources.
When asset forfeiture funds are used to pay those costs, the task forces are
effectively self-sustaining. n335 They "eat what they kill," leaving them
subject to the constraints of departmental leadership rather than local
government.

   Similarly, though local departments may receive massive amounts of equipment
through the Department of Defense's 1033 Program at no cost, local departments
are required to supply the resources necessary to transport and store the
equipment. n336 This might provide a limited local political check on obtaining
large items or large amounts of equipment, but the Department of Homeland
Security permits its grants to be used to fund the transport and storage of 1033
equipment. n337

   Federal programs that provide equipment may empower police chiefs vis-a-vis
other local officials even more strongly than programs that provide grants. When
federal funding comes to local police departments, local officials sometimes
mitigate its accountability consequences by offsetting federal resources. Though
the practice is forbidden by the terms of federal grant and equitable sharing
programs, municipalities sometimes decrease police budgets or divert funding to
other purposes when a department receives outside funds. n338 When federal
programs provide nonmonetary resources directly to departments, through training
opportunities, vehicles, weapons, or assistance through task forces, the aid
will be harder to offset. n339 Thus, nonfinancial resources may have an even
greater effect on local accountability than traditional grants-in-aid, making
their emphasis on intrusive policing harder for local officials to resist.

    [*953]  In many cases, the community, public officials, and the police
department are all on the same page, and federal resources and power are
welcome. Where this is not the case, however, these examples show that federal
efforts to improve local policing can undermine the political checks that
ordinarily ensure that policing pursues public purposes, that it is effective
and efficient, and that it is responsive to community concerns. These effects
are possible whenever federal intervention reduces transparency, local political
influence, or budgetary control of local departments. The recent emphasis in
federal law and programs on task forces and multijurisdictional coordination
highlights the inherent tension in federal programs. On one hand, funding and
support for task forces has the potential to correct the overly local
enforcement of criminal law that can result from local control of policing. On
the other, these same federal programs erode local capacity to shape local law
enforcement.

   These effects are especially ironic given the emphasis in federal civil
rights efforts on promoting accountability in local police departments. Most
notably, the Civil Rights Division enforces § 14141 in ways that are intended to
facilitate local control over policing. As other scholars and I have noted
elsewhere, the Department of Justice's § 14141 settlements are designed to
promote both officer responsiveness to departments and departmental
accountability to the public. n340 The § 14141 settlements require departments
to foster clear expectations for officers by clarifying internal policies,
especially on the use of force and other coercive activities. They demand
measures to hold officers responsible when they violate policy, including by
strengthening complaint procedures, internal investigations, and disciplinary
mechanisms. n341 In addition, they mandate that departments collect and share
with the public key data about officer use of coercion. n342 Yet even as the
Civil Rights Division is seeking to strengthen administrative and political
accountability in policing, many federal public safety programs, including those
administered by other components  [*954]  of the Department of Justice, are
subverting public control over police coercion.

   C. Federal Programs and States as Checks on Policing

 While states are usually perceived to be weak regulators of local policing,
they do sometimes constrain the coercion costs of policing and facilitate police
accountability. State statutes, for example, restrict the legal bases for
custodial arrests, limit strip searches, and constrain the use of traffic
control to generate municipal income. n343 They also set hiring and training
standards for officers, and decertify officers who have engaged in substantial
misconduct or criminal activity. n344 State budgets and sentencing statutes
shape local criminal enforcement priorities. n345

   Some federal programs facilitate state regulation of local policing by
funneling federal grants through state agencies, which set priorities for the
local use of federal money. Several Homeland Security grants and Byrne JAG
grants, for example, give states influence over local distributions of funds.
Less obviously, however, other federal programs undermine state policies that
might limit the intrusiveness of local policing.

   For example, while all states permit asset forfeiture under at least some
circumstances, states take a range of approaches to balancing the competing
interests of law enforcement, the public, and individual property owners. n346
Some states permit forfeiture broadly, while others permit it only for a narrow
range of crimes or only in criminal proceedings. n347 Eight states authorize
forfeitures, but forbid law  [*955]  enforcement agencies from benefiting
directly from the proceeds, turning over forfeited proceeds instead to the
state's general fund or education spending. n348 Other states permit agencies to
receive proceeds, but cap the percentage of proceeds that are returned to law
enforcement agencies. n349 States also erect procedural barriers to forfeiture,
such as giving the government the burden of overcoming an innocent-owner
defense. n350 These constraints make state forfeitures more difficult to
complete and less financially rewarding for departments that carry them out.
n351

   Local police departments may bypass many of these state-created obstacles by
using federal forfeiture law rather than state law in states that limit
forfeiture. In a state with civil forfeiture rules more restrictive than federal
law, a department may seize property and seek equitable sharing under federal
law's laxer rules, even after Attorney General Holder's recent adjustments to
the program. Research suggests this is precisely what police departments do.
Police departments in states with restrictive forfeiture laws are significantly
more likely to choose to pursue federal equitable sharing than departments in
states that make forfeiture more profitable to police departments. n352 In this
way, federal asset forfeiture undermines state efforts to reduce the harms of
asset forfeiture and constrain its distorting effect on policing. Since, as
described earlier, the Equitable Sharing Program also frees departments from
ordinary local political checks on police conduct, the federal program
effectively ensures that police departments (in forfeiture-restrictive states)
are subject neither to the full financial constraints of local budgets nor to
the restraint of state law.

   Asset forfeiture is an extreme example of potential federal interference with
state law enforcement policy decisions because it permits police departments to
determine the scale of their forfeiture activities and because it gives largely
unrestricted money directly to police departments. Other federal laws have
analogous, if more subtle, effects. Whenever federal law puts a thumb on the
scale for some law enforcement activities, it potentially interferes not only
with local efforts to set law enforcement priorities, but also with state
criminal justice policy that limits the harmfulness of policing.

    [*956]  VAWA provides another example. VAWA's Arrest Program encourages
states to adopt pro-arrest laws in much the same way it encourages local
departments to do so. n353 Despite the financial incentive created by federal
grants, twenty-one states continue to permit police officers discretion over
whether to make a warrantless arrest for a domestic violence crime. n354
Wyoming, for example, provides that a "local law enforcement officer responding
to the request for assistance may take whatever steps are reasonably necessary
to protect the victim from further domestic abuse," and specifically lists
advising the victim about services, facilitating medical care or housing, and
"arresting the abusing household member when appropriate." n355

   As noted above, conditioning Arrest Program funds on a pro-arrest policy, as
VAWA requires, provides no additional incentive to municipalities in states that
already mandate or prefer arrest. But it does encourage local governments and
departments to adopt pro-arrest policies when their states do not have such
laws. If arrest-neutral states are trying to preserve officer discretion to
arrest - rather than defer to local preferences - the Arrest Program undermines
those states' policy judgments. Any program that provides funding to local
departments directly can have similar effect, marginalizing the impact of state
efforts to reduce the coercion costs of policing. n356

   Federal law that empowers officers rather than giving money can also
interfere with state policy. The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act
(FLEOSA), passed in 2004 and amended several times since, authorizes qualified
police officers and qualified retired officers to carry a concealed firearm in
any jurisdiction in the United States. n357 The law expressly permits officers
certified in one state to carry weapons in all others, even when doing so
conflicts with the laws of the state in which they are present. n358 States
differ enormously in  [*957]  their minimum qualifications for officers, their
training standards (both with respect to firearm performance and the law), n359
and their concealed-carry laws. n360 State certification of police officers
ensures that officers are familiar and compliant with the laws of their state.
FLEOSA enables officers to leverage the certification, training, and weapons
possession laws of the least restrictive states to encroach upon the policy
judgments of more restrictive ones.

   Though state and federal interests often align, in each of these examples,
federal public safety programs act as a one-way ratchet that likely raises the
costs of policing. Federal programs have no effect on states that facilitate
costly policing, such as states with permissive asset forfeiture laws or those
that encourage arrests, but they undermine state policies that could reduce
those costs - by reducing property deprivations, arrests, or uses of force - in
favor of federal policies that subsidize or facilitate them.

   As several scholars have noted, states and municipalities are not powerless
to respond to federal encroachment through grants of power and authority. Both
states and municipalities participate in the development of federal programs,
and they frequently influence the form of those programs. n361 When they cannot
shape them, states and cities can still refrain from applying for conditional
grants. States can also bar local governments and police officers from using
federal power or money in ways inconsistent with state law or policy. They could
set limits on deputation of local officers, restrict local participation in
federal asset forfeiture, or prohibit local law enforcement agencies from
operating drones, making it irrelevant whether they receive them through federal
money. Some scholars have taken the power to refuse and high-profile instances
of state and local resistance to federal  [*958]  programs to suggest that we
need not worry much about federalism concerns arising from federal programs.
n362

   In practice, however, state and local power to resist federal programs is
less substantial than formal mechanisms suggest. As Roderick Hills has pointed
out, the argument that states can merely refuse federal money and power or
forbid local law enforcement agencies access to those resources "mistakes legal
theory for political reality." n363 Occasionally, a state or city will resist,
as jurisdictions have done with Secure Communities. n364 But that resistance is
rare. Instead, state and local governments often compete with each other for
federal funding and authority, since refusing funds effectively exports state
residents' tax dollars to other states. n365 For this reason alone, voters may
punish state or local actors who fail to use available federal resources. n366
Local political sentiment will less frequently meet the threshold necessary for
police reform with federal resources subsidizing coercive practices.

   Sometimes resistance is not even legally viable. FLEOSA, for example,
expressly preempts state laws inconsistent with it. n367 During debate over the
law, amendments were offered to allow states to opt out of the law and to narrow
the statute so that it would not operate where it conflicted with state law.
Those proposals failed after the National Rifle Association and law enforcement
groups supported the broader statute. n368 Similarly, in the face of efforts by
states, municipalities, and departments to restrict cooperation between federal
immigration  [*959]  agents and local law enforcement pursuant to Secure
Communities, n369 the federal government announced that its once-voluntary
program was mandatory. n370 The possibility of federal preemption can leave
states and localities with no alternative to the political arena to preserve
state interests in federal policing policy, and in that arena, federal interests
often lead to costly policing.

   Conclusion

 Policing is a crucial and complicated social project. Law enforcement is
essential to protecting public order and safeguarding the conditions of liberty,
but intrusive and coercive policing also imposes costs on individuals and
communities. The legal problem of policing is deciding "how to regulate police
officers and departments to protect individual liberty and minimize the social
costs the police impose" while promoting the goals of policing: reducing fear,
protecting civil order, and facilitating law enforcement. n371 Scholars have
often focused their attention on federal law that pursues the first part of this
equation, protecting individual liberty and minimizing the social costs of
policing through constitutional law and its remedies. Of course, this project is
important. The federal government remains a critical actor in solving policing's
problem. n372 State and local governments face majoritarian pressures that
prevent them from adequately weighing individual and minority community
interests against the need for police effectiveness. Federal remedies and civil
rights programs have  [*960]  been and will be essential in promoting lawful,
effective, and rights-protective policing. n373

   But the federal government has also long been pursuing the second aim,
promoting effective policing. And the programs it uses towards this end
complicate the picture of federal regulation of the police. n374 Federal public
safety programs funnel an enormous amount of money and power into local
policing, dwarfing civil rights programs in size and in influence over
contemporary American policing.

   In seeking to promote public safety, these programs have overlooked the need
to minimize the coerciveness of policing. Rather, federal public safety programs
are designed, implemented, and evaluated without attention to costs beyond those
associated with the budgetary costs of the programs themselves. The consequence
is that federal programs often subsidize and empower especially harmful
policing. Even if they make local policing more effective, these programs also
likely make it less efficient and less cost effective overall.

   Only by assessing the full costs and benefits of policing can we be assured
that federal programs are good for local policing. That is hardly an impossible
task. Analogous efforts to assess the costs of crime have been refined over
decades, and they offer many lessons for those who would improve the evaluation
of federal programs that shape local law enforcement. Efforts to assess the
costs of policing can build on these prior efforts. With this improved
assessment, we could better allocate federal resources. We could also be assured
that federal intervention into local law enforcement does not do more harm than
good.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawSection 1983 ActionsLaw Enforcement OfficialsGeneral
OverviewGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinanceGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsPolice
Power

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Rachel A. Harmon, When is Police Violence Justified?, 102 Nw. U. L.
Rev. 1119, 1151 (2008) [hereinafter Harmon, Police Violence] ("Police uses of
force are entirely instrumental, which is to say that there are no deontological
justifications for the practice of exercising state force against criminal
suspects." (emphasis added)).





n2.  See Rachel A. Harmon, The Problem of Policing, 110 Mich. L. Rev. 761, 763
(2012) [hereinafter Harmon, Problem] ("The law should promote policing that
effectively controls crime, fear, and disorder without imposing unjustifiable
and avoidable costs on individuals and communities. Addressing the problem of
policing therefore requires determining what harms policing produces, what kinds
of policing are too harmful, and what kinds are harm efficient.").





n3.  See Harmon, Police Violence, supra note 1, at 1148 (describing timing,
necessity, and proportionality as measures of whether the use of force by the
police is justifiable).





n4.  See Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 809 (advocating more thorough
comparative institutional analysis to identify "the optimal allocation of
regulatory responsibility" over policing).





n5.  See Matt Apuzzo, Senate Studies Police Use of Military Gear, N.Y. Times,
Sept. 10, 2014, at A17 (noting that images of violent clashes between heavily
armed police officers and protestors in Ferguson have forced the federal
government to review its policy of providing local police forces with
military-style equipment).





n6.  See, e.g., Office of the Att'y Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice, Order,
Prohibition on Certain Federal Adoptions of Seizures by State and Local Law
Enforcement Agencies (2015), available at
http://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/opa/press-releases/attachments/2015/0
1/16/attorney general order prohibiting adoptions.pdf (revising the Equitable
Sharing Program to prohibit Department of Justice components from adopting
seizures except for firearms, ammunition, explosives, and property connected to
child pornography); Memorandum from Jeh Charles Johnson, Sec'y, U.S. Dep't of
Homeland Sec., to Thomas S. Winkowski, Acting Dir., U.S. Immigration & Customs
Enforcement, Megan Mack, Officer, Office of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties &
Philip A. McNamara, Assistant Sec'y for Intergovernmental Affairs 1-2 (Nov. 20,
2014) [hereinafter Memorandum from Jeh Charles Johnson], available at
http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/14 1120 memo secure
communities.pdf (discontinuing the Secure Communities program and directing U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to implement, in its place, the
Priority Enforcement Program).





n7.  See United States v. Morrison, 529 U.S. 598, 618 (2000) ("Regulation and
punishment of intrastate violence ... not directed at ... interstate commerce
has always been the province of the States... . Indeed, we can think of no
better example of the police power which the Founders denied the National
Government ... than the suppression of violent crime and vindication of its
victims."); see also United States v. Lopez, 514 U.S. 549, 567 (1995) (denying
that Congress has "a general police power of the sort retained by the States").





n8.  See Brian A. Reaves, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 231174, Local Police
Departments, 2007, at 8 (2010), available at
www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/lpd07.pdf (listing the manifold services local
police departments provide and stating that they employ 77% of all sworn law
enforcement officers with full arrest powers).





n9.  See Jeffrey L. Barnett & Phillip M. Vidal, U.S. Census Bureau, State and
Local Government Finances Summary: 2011, at 4 (2013) ("Local governments
comprised 86.7 percent of the state and local government total spending on
police protection.").





n10.  See William J. Stuntz, Terrorism, Federalism, and Police Misconduct, 25
Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 665, 665 (2002) ("The defining characteristic of
American criminal law enforcement - the characteristic that most distinguishes
it from law enforcement elsewhere in the developed world - is its localism.").





n11.  See Robin Bowen & Jessica Schneider, Forensic Databases: Paint, Shoe
Prints, and Beyond, 258 Nat'l Inst. Just. J. (2007), available at
http://www.nij.gov/journals/258/Pages/forensic-databases.aspx (describing
federal forensic databases and indicating which agencies host them); Integrated
Automated Fingerprint Identification System, Fed. Bureau of Investigation,
http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/fingerprints biometrics/iafis/iafis (last
visited Mar. 30, 2015) (indicating that Next Generation Identification is
replacing the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System).





n12.  Bowen & Schenider, supra note 11.





n13.  See, e.g., 18 U.S.C. § 242 (2012) (prohibiting persons acting under the
color of law from willfully depriving a person of his constitutionally or
legally protected rights); 42 U.S.C. § 14141 (2012) (authorizing the Department
of Justice to sue police departments engaged in patterns or practices of civil
rights violations for injunctive relief); see also Disability Rights Section,
U.S. Dep't of Justice, Commonly Asked Questions About the Americans with
Disabilities Act and Law Enforcement, available at http://www.ada.gov/qanda
law.pdf (last visited Jan. 30, 2015) (stating that law enforcement agencies are
prohibited from discriminating against people with disabilities in service
provision and law enforcement activities by Title II of the Americans with
Disabilities Act); Conduct of Law Enforcement Agencies, U.S. Dep't of Justice,
http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/spl/police.php (last visited Jan. 30, 2015)
(providing an overview of civil suits against law enforcement agencies for
patterns and practices of rights violations); Criminal Section Selected Case
Summaries, U.S. Dep't of Justice,
http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/crm/selcases.php#conduct (last visited Jan. 30,
2015) (describing criminal cases involving official misconduct by police
officers).





n14.  See, e.g., Press Release, U.S. Equal Emp't Opportunity Comm'n, EEOC Sues
Maui County Police Department for Age Discrimination (Dec. 18, 2013), available
at http://www.eeoc.gov/eeoc/newsroom/release/12-18-13.cfm (describing the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission's age discrimination suit against the county
of Maui and noting that it is the federal agency responsible for enforcing
federal laws against employment discrimination); Resources for Workers, U.S.
Dep't of Labor, http://www.dol.gov/whd/workers.htm (last visited Jan. 30, 2015)
(indicating that the Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division enforces "some
of the nation's most comprehensive federal labor laws," which collectively cover
most state and local government employment).





n15.  See, e.g., Maria Newman, A Virginia Sheriff Is Charged with Selling Drug
Evidence, N.Y. Times, Nov. 3, 2006, at A24 (describing a federal indictment
against the Henry County, Virginia Sheriff and thirteen current and former
officers of the Sheriff's Department for conspiring with drug dealers to sell
Ketamine, cocaine, and other drugs seized from criminals); Sarah Larimer,
Sledgehammers, Threats and Stolen Designer Suits: Breaking Down the Philadelphia
Police Corruption Case, Post Nation (July 31, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2014/07/31/sledgehammers-threa
ts-and-stolen-designer-suits-breaking-down-the-philadelphia-police-corruption-ca
se (describing a twenty-six count federal indictment against six former members
of the Philadelphia Police Department's Narcotics Field Unit for racketeering,
robbery, and extortion over several years).





n16.  See, e.g., Claire Bond Potter, War on Crime: Bandits, G-Men, and the
Politics of Mass Culture 1-2 (1998) (suggesting that the emergence of organized
criminality linked to violent interstate crimes contributed to a desire for, and
a rise in, national policing and federal crime control); Samuel Walker, Popular
Justice: A History of American Criminal Justice 160 (2d ed. 1998) (noting that a
series of federal laws in the 1930s significantly expanded the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's (FBI) jurisdiction); Daniel Richman, The Past, Present, and
Future of Violent Crime Federalism, in 34 Crime and Justice: A Review of
Research 377, 385-88 (Michael Tonry ed., 2006) (describing a surge in
congressional enactments targeting criminal behavior that enlarged the purview
of federal law enforcement); see also Athan G. Theoharis, A Brief History of the
FBI's Role and Powers, in The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide 1, 4 (Athan
G. Theoharis ed., 1999) (providing statistics that demonstrate a significant
increase in FBI agents and budget in the late 1930s).





n17.  Nat'l Comm'n on Law Observance & Enforcement, No. 14, Report on Police
(1931).





n18.  See Russ Immarigeon, Wickersham Commission, in 4 Encyclopedia of Crime and
Punishment 1708 (David Levinson ed., 2002) (detailing the subjects of the
Wickersham reports).





n19.  See Nat'l Comm'n on Law Observance & Enforcement, No. 11, Report on
Lawlessness in Law Enforcement 1 (1931) (noting in its first line that "the
widest inquiry into the shortcomings of the administration of justice ...
necessarily involves the duty of investigating the justice of complaints, often
made, that in their zeal to accomplish results Government officials ...
frequently lose sight of the fact that they are servants of the law, subject to
its mandates"); id. at 38-152 (summarizing evidence on the use of abusive
interrogation tactics). Even thirty years later, the report provided one of the
only credible accounts of law enforcement misconduct. See Miranda v. Arizona,
384 U.S. 436, 447 (1966) (citing Wickersham Commission to bolster the Court's
assessment of the prevalence of aggressive custodial interrogation techniques).





n20.  Nat'l Comm'n on Law Observance & Enforcement, supra note 17, at 1.





n21.  Id.





n22.  Both state and local law enforcement were involved in the investigation.
See Samuel Walker, A Critical History of Police Reform 152 (1977) (noting the
significance of the Lindbergh baby kidnapping in justifying the expanded role
for federal government in fighting crime after 1932).





n23.  Id. at 142, 163. Between its start in 1935 and its peak in 1938, the Works
Progress Act provided grants of more than $ 1 million for dozens of
police-related research projects around the country. Id. at 142. This
represented a tiny proportion of WPA and other Emergency Relief Appropriations
Act funds, which amounted to almost $ 5 billion in 1935 alone. See Giant Relief
Drive Pictured in Report, N.Y. Times, Sept. 27, 1936, at N1 (summarizing
appropriations and expenditures under the Emergency Relief Appropriations Act in
1935). The George-Deen Act of 1936 authorized funds by the Department of
Education for vocational training, including the training of police officers,
and in 1937, grants for police training amounted to over $ 4 million. Walker,
supra note 22, at 163.





n24.  See Richman, supra note 16, at 388 (citing Potter, supra note 16, at 194)
(noting that the FBI sometimes paid money rewards for local police cooperation).





n25.  See, e.g., Paul H. Sanders, Federal Aid for State Law Enforcement, 1 Law &
Contemp. Probs. 472, 472-73 (1934) (calling for federal grants as a means to
improve local law enforcement and local cooperation with federal law
enforcement).





n26.  Walker, supra note 22, at 143; see also Walker, supra note 16, at 161-62
(describing FBI control of newly instituted Uniform Crime Reports).





n27.  The Academy was created in response to the Wickersham Commission's
recommendation that police departments receive more centralized training to
increase standardization and professionalization of law enforcement throughout
the country. See Homer Cummings, Progress Toward a Modern Administration of
Criminal Justice in United States, 22 A.B.A. J. 345, 348 (1936) (announcing, in
an address by the Attorney General of the United States, efforts to improve
local law enforcement and increase federal, state, and local cooperation,
including the creation of a school to offer FBI instruction to experienced
police officers from around the country).





n28.  During World War II, for example, this meant teaching local police about
espionage and sabotage. Today, the curriculum includes terrorism and
understanding the terrorist mindset. See The National Academy, Fed. Bureau of
Investigation, http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/training/national-academy (last
visited Jan. 31, 2015) (describing the history of the National Academy,
including some of the subjects taught).





n29.  See Arthur C. Millspaugh, Brookings Inst., Crime Control by the National
Government 90-94 (1937) (describing the creation of the FBI national fingerprint
database in 1933 and noting that fingerprints were provided by and shared with
local police departments); id. at 94-97 (describing the creation of FBI
forensics laboratory, the services of which were "available to and ... utilized
by state and local police departments").





n30.  See David Teasley, Cong. Research Serv., IB90078, Crime Control: The
Federal Response 2 (2001) (describing origins of Omnibus Crime bill of 1968 and
creation of Law Enforcement Assistance Act of 1965 (LEAA)); Malcolm M. Feeley &
Austin D. Sarat, The Policy Dilemma: Federal Crime Policy and the Law
Enforcement Assistance Administration 3-4, 40-49 (1980) (same); Walker, supra
note 22, at 126 (describing the growing national concern about crime).





n31.  See Cong. Budget Office, Trends in Federal Spending for the Administration
of Justice 9 (1996) (indicating spending on criminal justice assistance to state
and local governments rising from zero in 1962 to $ 65 million in 1970);
Teasley, supra note 30, at 2 (describing origins and purpose of LEAA and the
Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968); Richman, supra note 16, at
390-91 (describing the impact of the LEAA).





n32.  See Richman, supra note 16, at 392-407 (describing the rise and fall of
various federal programs in response to perceptions about crime).





n33.  See Teasley, supra note 30, at 3 (noting that critics complained that LEAA
"funds were misused and ... had no visible impact on crime").





n34.  See Nathan James, Cong. Research Serv., RS22416, Edward Byrne Memorial
Justice Assistance Grant Program: Legislative and Funding History 1-2 (2008)
(describing the Byrne Grant program and noting that it represented increased
support for local and state law enforcement in response to more rampant crime).





n35.  See Nathan James, Cong. Research Serv., RL33308, Community Oriented
Policing Services (COPS): Background, Legislation, and Funding 1-3 (2011)
(describing the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program and noting
that it was created by Title I of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement
Act of 1994 to advance community policing across the United States).





n36.  U.S. Dep't of Justice, Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of
1994, Fact Sheet (1994), available at https://www.ncjrs.gov/txtfiles/billfs.txt;
see also Teasley, supra note 30, at 5 (describing the Violent Crime Control and
Law Enforcement Act of 1994). In an amendment to the 1994 Act a year later,
Congress also launched the Local Law Enforcement Block Grants (LLEBG) Program,
which provided funding to local units of government based on the number of
violent crimes in the jurisdiction. John L. Worrall, Do Federal Law Enforcement
Grants Reduce Serious Crime?, 21 Crim. Just. Pol'y Rev. 459, 461 (2010). Between
1997 and 2001, Congress dedicated an average of nearly $ 500 million per year to
the LLEBG Program. See David Lilley & Rachel Boba, A Comparison of Outcomes
Associated with Two Key Law-Enforcement Grant Programs, 19 Crim. Just. Pol'y
Rev. 438, 440 tbl.1 (2008) (providing annual payment amounts under the LLEBG
from 1996 to 2001). In 2005, the LLEBG Program was combined with Byrne Grants
into a program now usually referred to as the Justice Assistance Grant Program
or the Byrne Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne JAG) Program. Matthew J. Hickman,
U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 209333, Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program, 2005,
at 1 (2005).





n37.  See Nathan James, Cong. Research Serv., RL33308, Community Oriented
Policing Services (COPS): Background and Funding 3, 5 (2013) (noting that COPS
Hiring Program (CHP) grants decreased after 2002, though funding for all COPS
programs increased in 2009 and 2010 with the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act of 2009, responding to the recession, and decreased in 2011 and 2012);
Nathan James, Cong. Research Serv., RS22416, Edward Byrne Memorial Justice
Assistance Grant (JAG) Program 6 tbl.1 (2013) (showing a downward trend for
spending on various versions of block and formula grant programs from 1998 to
2012).





n38.  See Shawn Reese, Cong. Research Serv., R40246, Department of Homeland
Security Assistance to States and Localities: A Summary and Issues for the 111th
Congress 1, 4-5, 21 tbl.5 (2009) (describing grants and showing funding since
the 2002 fiscal year).





n39.  While this Article emphasizes federal public safety programs that fuel
additional local law enforcement, federal/local interaction is often instead in
the form of federal investigation and prosecution of locally investigated crime.
For a discussion of that phenomenon and its federalism implications, see
Richman, supra note 16, at 382-415.





n40.  In the past decade, a few scholars have considered federal intervention in
local law enforcement more carefully, highlighting especially the effects of
federal policy on federalism. Most cogently, Dan Richman has described the
impact on federal, state, and local relations of federal support for
antiterrorism efforts and violent crime enforcement. Richman, supra note 16.
Michael O'Hear has considered the impact of federal involvement in local drug
enforcement. Michael M. O'Hear, Federalism and Drug Control, 57 Vand. L. Rev.
783 (2004); see also Eric Blumenson & Eva Nilsen, Policing for Profit: The Drug
War's Hidden Economic Agenda, 65 U. Chi. L. Rev. 35, 40-41 (1998) (arguing that
the drug war has distorted criminal justice goals and undermined legislative
oversight). Matthew Waxman has explored the influence of federal law promoting
intelligence gathering by local police departments for national security
purposes. Matthew C. Waxman, Police and National Security: American Local Law
Enforcement and Counterterrorism After 9/11, 3 J. Nat'l Sec. L. & Pol'y 377
(2009). Additional articles have considered the federalism implications of
greater local police involvement in enforcing federal immigration law. E.g.,
Adam B. Cox & Thomas J. Miles, Policing Immigration, 80 U. Chi. L. Rev. 87
(2013); David Alan Sklansky, Crime, Immigration and Ad Hoc Instrumentalism, 15
New Crim. L. Rev. 157 (2012).





n41.  See Julian Le Grand, The Theory of Government Failure, 21 Brit. J. Pol.
Sci. 423, 433 (1991) (noting that monopoly provision of government services can
result in less being provided than is allocatively efficient); Vincent Ostrom &
Elinor Ostrom, Public Goods and Public Choices, in Polycentricity and Local
Public Economies 75, 90 (Michael D. McGinnis ed., 1978) ("Optimal levels of
expenditure are difficult to establish[, thus] the provision of public goods can
be easily overfinanced or underfinanced."); Charles Wolf, Jr., Market and
Non-Market Failures: Comparison and Assessment, 7 J. Pub. Pol'y 43, 58 (1987)
(describing how the possibility of free-riding for a public good and high
time-discounts of political actors can lead to less than optimal allocation of
resources for public goods).





n42.  Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning, Nat'l Criminal Justice Assoc.,
Cornerstone for Justice: Byrne JAG and its Impact on the Criminal Justice System
2 (2011); see also Bureau of Justice Assistance, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Edward
Byrne Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program Fact Sheet 1 (2014), available at
https://www.bja.gov/Publications/JAG Fact Sheet.pdf (describing the Byrne
Justice Assistance Grant program).





n43.  In classifying federal grant programs, it is useful to distinguish between
"categorical grants [that] have a narrowly defined purpose and may be awarded on
a formula basis or as a project grant" and "block grants [that] provide the
recipient with more latitude to define the use of the funding and are awarded on
a formula basis specified in law." Office of Mgmt. & Budget, Exec. Office of the
President, Analytical Perspectives, Budget of the U.S. Government, Fiscal Year
2015, at 243 (2014), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/budget/fy2015/assets/topics.pd
f. The Byrne JAG program is the primary block grant program for local law
enforcement. The other grant programs described in this Article are categorical
grants. Although the conditions on JAG funding are few, there are some. For
instance, the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, part of the Adam
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, mandates a 10% reduction in JAG
funding for states that fail to implement the Act. Bureau of Justice Assistance,
supra note 42, at 2.





n44.  See Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning, supra note 42, at 1-2 (describing JAG
grants and indicating funding of approximately $ 500 million per year). Created
in 2006, the Byrne JAG Program replaced various prior block grant programs
administered by the department for similar purposes. See Hickman, supra note 36,
at 1 (describing the origins of the Byrne JAG program).





n45.  At its inception, the program emphasized community-oriented policing as
well as hiring more officers, but over time, that focus has faded, and with it
the number of officers dedicated to community policing. See Reaves, supra note
8, at 29 (noting the decline in the use of community police officers in all
categories of departments between 2000 and 2003 and in some categories of
departments - especially smaller departments - between 2003 and 2007).





n46.  See 7 U.S.C. § 1926(a)(19) (2012) (authorizing the program and stating
limits); 7 C.F.R. § 3570(B) (2012) (describing the program); see also Community
Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/had-cf grants.html (last visited Feb. 2, 2015)
(describing the program); Kevin Johnson, Rural Community Facilities Program is a
Lifeline, USA Today (May 18, 2011),
http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/washington/2011-05-17-Agriculture-Department
-funds-rural-towns-budget n.htm (describing the significance of the program to
local communities and indicating that over five years, between 2006 and 2011, it
provided for, among other things, more than 1200 police cars).





n47.  See U.S. Dep't of Justice, FY 2014 Budget Request: Public Safety in Indian
Country, available at
http://www.justice.gov/jmd/2014factsheets/indian-country.pdf (describing special
needs of tribal law enforcement agencies and summarizing the range of federal
programs with funding targeted at aiding law enforcement in tribal nations).





n48.  See, e.g., FY 2010 Tribal Homeland Security Grant Program, Fed. Emergency
Mgmt. Agency, http://www.fema.gov/fy-2010-tribal-homeland-security-grant-program
(last updated July 24, 2014) (describing the Tribal Homeland Security Grant
Program (THSGP) and noting the total funding available for the 2010 fiscal year
was up to $ 10 million); FY 2013 Tribal Homeland Security Grant Program, Fed.
Emergency Mgmt. Agency, http://www.fema.gov/fy-2013-tribal-homeland-security-
grant-program-thsgp-0 (last updated July 24, 2014) (stating the total funding
available for the 2013 fiscal year THSGP was $ 10 million); FY 2014 Tribal
Homeland Security Grant Program, Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency,
http://www.fema.gov/fy-2014-tribal-homeland-security-grant-program-thsgp (last
updated July 25, 2014) (stating the total funding available for the 2014 fiscal
year THSGP was $ 10 million); see also 6 U.S.C. § 606 (2012) (authorizing
congressionally direct grants to eligible tribes).





n49.  See, e.g., Ostrom & Ostrom, supra note 41, at 96 (noting that "a highly
fragmented political system without substantial overlap among the many
jurisdictions" is vulnerable to some jurisdictions seeking to derive the
benefits of the public goods without fairly contributing to paying their share
of the costs).





n50.  See Summer Brenwald & Christine Norton, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Program
Performance Report: Intellectual Property Theft Enforcement Program (IPEP) 1
(2013) (describing the program and noting that it funds task forces); Bureau of
Justice Assistance, U.S. Dep't of Justice, BJA-2015-4047, Violent Gang and Gun
Crime Reduction Program (Project Safe Neighborhoods) FY 2015 Competitive Grant
Announcement 4 (2014) (describing the program); Office of Audit, Assessment &
Mgmt., U.S. Dep't of Justice, The COPS Office Management of the Methamphetamine
Initiative 2-4 (2012) (noting that funding went to local law enforcement for
multijurisdictional task forces); Office of Cmty. Oriented Policing Servs., U.S.
Dep't of Justice, Fact Sheet: 2014 COPS Anti-Methamphetamine Program 1-2 (2014),
available at http://cops.usdoj.gov/pdf/2014AwardDocs/CAMP/2014 CAMP
FactSheet.pdf (noting that grants go to states for multijurisdictional task
forces); Office of Cmty. Oriented Policing Servs., U.S. Dep't of Justice, Fact
Sheet: Child Sexual Predator Program: Protecting Communities and America's
Children from Predators 1 (2010) (noting that the program is intended to improve
coordination and favors multijurisdictional task forces).





n51.  See Managing Preparedness Grants and Assessing National Capabilities:
Continuing Challenges Impede FEMA's Progress: Testimony Before the Subcomm. on
Emergency Preparedness, Response & Commc'ns of the H. Comm. on Homeland Sec.,
112th Cong. 1 (2012) (statement of William O. Jenkins, Jr., Dir., Homeland Sec.
& Justice, Gov't Accountability Office) (indicating that between 2002 and 2011,
the Department of Homeland Security gave away more than $ 37 billion in
preparedness grants); U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., FY 2012 Homeland Security
Grant Program (HSGP) Fact Sheet 1 (2012), available at
http://www.fema.gov/media-library-data/20130726-1840-25045-5504/fy 2012 hsgp
program fact sheet 062612 clean 1.pdf (indicating $ 830,976,000 in preparedness
grants); U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., FY 2013 Homeland Security Grant Program
(HSGP) Fact Sheet 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fema.gov/media-library-data/8d0439562c89644a68954505a49cbc77/FY 2013
Homeland+Security+Grant+ Program Fact Sheet +Final.pdf (indicating $ 968,389,689
in preparedness grants); U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., FY 2014 Homeland Security
Grant Program (HSGP) Fact Sheet 1 (2014), available at
https://s3-us-gov-west-1.amazonaws.com/dam-production/uploads/1406300389096-4a90
f0348040a8210de9854d8f597edf/HSGP Fact Sheet Final.pdf (indicating $
1,043,346,000 in preparedness grants).





n52.  See 10 U.S.C. § 2576a (2012) (giving program authority to the Department
of Defense). The program does require that the local departments pay for
transportation and shipping costs. Id. § 2576a(b)(3). These programs are
illustrative, not exhaustive.





n53.  See Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning, supra note 42, at 5 (indicating that
more than half of Byrne JAG funding goes to law enforcement and that a majority
of those funds are used by local law enforcement agencies for task forces).





n54.  Bureau of Justice Assistance, U.S. Dep't of Justice, BJA-2013-3476,
Violent Gang and Gun Crime Reduction Program (Project Safe Neighborhoods) FY
2013 Competitive Grant Announcement 4 (2013). Project Safe Neighborhoods has
transitioned from a formula grant to a competitive grant program in recent
years. Bureau of Justice Assistance, U.S. Dep't of Justice, BJA-2014-3810,
Violent Gang and Gun Crime Reduction Program (Project Safe Neighborhoods) FY
2014 Competitive Grant Announcement 4 (2014).





n55.  Office for Victims of Crime, U.S. Dep't of Justice, BJA-2013-3482,
Enhanced Collaborative Model to Combat Human Trafficking FY 2013 Competitive
Grant Announcement 4-11 (2013); Anti-Human Trafficking Task Force Initiative,
Bureau of Justice Assistance, https://www.bja.gov/ProgramDetails.aspx?Program
ID=51#horizontalTab6 (last visited Feb. 8, 2015).





n56.  FY 2014 Homeland Security Grant Program, Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency,
http://www.fema.gov/fy-2014-homeland-security-grant-program-hsgp (last updated
July 25, 2014).





n57.  See Border Enforcement Security Task Force (BEST), U.S. Immigration &
Customs Enforcement, http://www.ice.gov/best (last visited Feb. 8, 2015)
(describing the program's origins, authorization, and activities).





n58.  High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) Program, Office of Nat'l
Drug Control Policy,
http://www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/high-intensity-drug-trafficking-areas-program
(last visited Feb. 8, 2015). The Department of Justice also coordinates and
funds the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, which helps local
agencies coordinate efforts to respond to child pornography and online
victimization. See The Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, ICAC
Task Force, https://www.icactaskforce.org/Pages/ICACTFP.aspx (last visited Feb.
11, 2015) (describing the program).





n59.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-12-1016, Grants to State and
Local Governments: An Overview of Federal Funding Levels and Selected Challenges
15-16 (2012) [hereinafter U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Grants to State and
Local Governments], available at http://www.gao.gov/assets/650/648792.pdf
(describing some common weaknesses in federal grant program implementation). For
instance, both the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security
have been criticized by the U.S. Government Accountability Office for providing
funds from different grant programs to the same fund recipients for the same
purposes. See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-12-342SP, 2012 Annual
Report: Opportunities to Reduce Duplication, Overlap and Fragmentation, Achieve
Savings, and Enhance Revenue 121 (2012), available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/590/588818.pdf (noting that jurisdictions often
receive funding under both the Urban Areas Security Initiative and State
Homeland Security Program); U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-12-517,
Justice Grant Programs: DOJ Should Do More to Reduce the Risk of Unnecessary
Duplication and Enhance Program Assessment 40 (2012), available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/600/592361.pdf (noting that inadequate procedures for
identifying and mitigating duplication have led to overlapping grants to the
same recipients).





n60.  Policing performance can be hard to measure. See Robert C. Davis, Selected
International Best Practices in Police Performance Measurement 3 (2012),
available at http://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/technical
reports/2012/RAND TR1153.pdf ("Because outcomes are influenced by factors
outside the control of the police, they ... measure what the police do in a very
imperfect manor[] [sic]."); see also Wolf, supra note 41, at 60 ("Non-market
outputs are often hard to define in principle, ill-defined in practice, and
extremely difficult to measure as to quantity, or to evaluate as to quality.").
Federal programs that support policing have struggled with developing
appropriate measures of performance. See, e.g., U.S. Gov't Accountability
Office, GAO-12-303, Homeland Security: DHS Needs Better Project Information and
Coordination among Four Overlapping Grant Programs 30-31 (2012) [hereinafter
U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Homeland Security], available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/590/588960.pdf (criticizing the absence of effective
performance measures for State Homeland Security Program and Urban Areas
Security Initiative); U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-11-87, Recovery Act:
Department of Justice Could Better Assess Justice Assistance Grant Program
Impact 33 (2010), available at http://www.gao.gov/assets/320/311401.pdf
(indicating that even improved Byrne JAG grant performance measures were
unclear, poorly linked with program goals, unreliable, and/or unmeasurable).





n61.  See, e.g., Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and Cooperative
Agreements to State and Local Governments, 44 C.F.R. § 13 (2010); Office of
Cmty. Oriented Policing Servs., U.S. Dep't of Justice, COPS FY2013 Application
Guide: COPS Hiring Program (CHP) 12 (2013), available at
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/pdf/2013AwardDocs/CHP/2013-CHP-AppGuide.pdf
(describing legal constraints on grant recipients); U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec.,
Fiscal Year 2014: DHS Standard Terms and Conditions (2013), available at
http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/Proposed%20FY%2014%20Standar
d%20TC%202013-12-04.pdf (enumerating various spending and antidiscrimination
requirements). For general requirements on grants, see the Government
Performance and Results Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 103-62, 107 Stat. 285 (codified
as amended in scattered sections of 31 U.S.C.).





n62.  See Rachel Harmon, Limited Leverage: Federal Remedies and Policing Reform,
32 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 33, 55-56 (2012) [hereinafter Harmon, Limited
Leverage] (arguing that federal funding could be used to subsidize reform that
prevents misconduct and reward chiefs who promote reform). There are exceptions.
For example, the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) Arrest Program encourages
additional policing of domestic violence, stalking, and other crimes to
compensate for local inadequate attention to violence against women, a fairness
issue. See 42 U.S.C.§§3796hh to 3796hh-4 (2012) (authorizing the Arrest Program
grants and stating its purpose). Moreover, though most COPS funding has gone to
hiring grants, another function of the COPS office and program has been to
promote community policing. See Bernard K. Melekian, Policing in the New
Economy: A New Report on the Emerging Trends from the Office of Community
Oriented Policing Services, Police Chief, Jan. 2012, at 18 (acknowledging that
the COPS office is primarily viewed as a hiring agency because of its funding
for additional police officers, but noting that it also has advanced community
policing through training, technical assistance, and information dissemination).
The most significant recent COPS initiative is the Collaborative Reform
Initiative for Technical Assistance Program, which provides a cooperative
mechanism for achieving reform to promote civil rights and public trust. Cmty.
Oriented Policing Servs., U.S. Dep't of Justice, Collaborative Reform Initiative
for Technical Assistance (2015), available at
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/pdf/2015AwardDocs/crita/CRI-TA one-pager.pdf. But this
program is as of yet very small. The COPS Office Is Pleased to Announce the
Awarding of Nearly $ 5 Million for the FY 2014 Collaborative Reform Initiative
for Technical Assistance Program, U.S. Dep't of Justice,
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/Default.asp?Item=2714 (last visited Apr. 19, 2015).





n63.  While not the focus of this Article, federal programs providing
informational resources and civil rights enforcement also target plausible local
political market failures. Federal programs to promote national crime-related
databases take advantage of positive network effects and the continual returns
to scale that come from widespread participation in those informational
resources, and federal civil rights enforcement can mitigate agency costs and
majoritarian difficulties that may inhibit local enforcement of individual
rights against police misconduct.





n64.  The CHP presently includes both of these types of requirements. See 42
U.S.C. § 3796dd(g) (2012) (stating that grant awards may not pay for more than
75% of the funded activity and, with respect to hiring grants, that this amount
should decrease over time to ensure increasing local funding); Office of Cmty.
Oriented Policing Servs., U.S. Dep't of Justice, Grant Monitoring Standards and
Guidelines for All COPS Grants and Cooperative Agreements 33 (2014), available
at www.cops.usdoj.gov/pdf/e081420661 Grant%20Monitoring Final.pdf (noting that
COPS requires that all sworn officer positions are retained for twelve months
beyond the three years of program funding); see also 7 U.S.C. § 1926
(a)(19)(B)(ii) (2012) (stating that grants may be up to 75% of the cost of
developing essential community facilities). In practice, these conditions can
leverage local resources beyond the terms of the program, because, for example,
officers hired are difficult to fire. See Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at
796-800 (discussing legal obstacles to terminating officers). A few programs
also mandate policy changes beyond limiting the use of federally provided
resources. For example, federal law gives preferential treatment to departments
receiving money for body armor under either the Bulletproof Vest Partnership or
Byrne JAG grants if they adopt a mandatory armor-wearing policy for uniformed
officers engaged in patrol or field operations. Bulletproof Vest Partnership
Grant Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-181, 112 Stat. 512 (codified as amended at 42
U.S.C.§§3796ll to 3796ll-2); Bureau of Justice Affairs, Edward Byrne Memorial
Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program Frequently Asked Questions 11,
https://www.bja.gov/Funding/JAGFAQ.pdf (last visited Mar. 30, 2015). The VAWA
Arrest Program also requires that departments adopt a pro-arrest approach to
policing domestic violence. See infra note 102 and accompanying text (describing
the pro-arrest requirements of VAWA grants); see also supra note 43 (describing
conditions on JAG).





n65.  See Vera Inst. of Justice, The Impact of Federal Budget Cuts from
FY10-FY13 on State and Local Public Safety: Results from a Survey of Criminal
Justice Practitioners (2013), available at
http://www.vera.org/sites/default/files/resources/downloads/impact-federal-budge
t-cuts-public-safety.pdf (reporting a survey of state and local law enforcement
agencies indicating serious concern about the impact of federal funding cuts on
local law enforcement); Richman, supra note 16, at 404, 406-07 (noting local
approval of COPS and other grants and aid-in-kind from federal government
programs); id. at 406-07 (noting that any state resistance to federal intrusion
was muted by state "appreciation of the relief that federal activity offered to
the state criminal justice budget"); Alissa Skelton, Sheriff Says AG's Decision
on Police Seizures "Benefits Nobody but Drug Dealers," Omaha.com (Jan. 17,
2015),
http://www.omaha.com/news/crime/sheriff-says-ag-s-decision-on-police-seizures-be
nefits-nobody/article 1827aebf-075c-58c4-a89a-f87880baf345.html (describing the
law enforcement reaction to new restrictions on the federal asset forfeiture
program).





n66.  One might argue we assess costs and benefits in even the most intuitive
evaluations of criminal justice programs, just without the rigor cost-benefit
analysis seeks to impose. See John Roman & Graham Farrell, Cost-Benefit Analysis
for Crime Prevention: Opportunity Costs, Routine Savings and Crime
Externalities, in Evaluation for Crime Prevention 53, 54 (Nick Tilley ed.,
2002), available at http://www.popcenter.org/library/crimeprevention/volume
14/03-Roman Cost.pdf ("Like it or not, cost-benefit analysis ... is implicit to
almost all crime prevention effort ... .").





n67.  See, e.g., Jennifer Rosenberg & Sara Mark, Balanced Justice: Cost-Benefit
Analysis and Criminal Justice Policy 3-5 (2011) (discussing expansion of use of
cost-benefit analysis in criminal justice policy); Mark A. Cohen, Measuring the
Costs and Benefits of Crime and Justice, in Measurement and Analysis of Crime
and Justice 263, 265-66 (David Duffee ed., 2000) (noting that while cost-benefit
analysis had been common to other areas of policy evaluation for decades, it was
still uncommon in criminal justice policy assessments).





n68.  President's Comm'n on Law Enforcement & Admin. of Justice, The Challenge
of Crime in a Free Society 32 (1967).





n69.  76 J. Pol. Econ. 169 (1968). Becker is well recognized to have provided
the essential elements of the contemporary economic approach. See Bernard E.
Harcourt, The Illusion of Free Markets 133-36 (2011) (describing Becker's
contribution and its theoretical context); Richard A. Posner, Frontiers of Legal
Theory 52 (2001) (citing Becker's work as "a fount of economic writing on crime
and its control"); Kevin Marsh, Economic Evaluation of Criminal Justice
Interventions: A Methodological Review of the Recent Literature, in Cost-Benefit
Analysis and Crime Control 1, 3 (John K. Roman et al. eds., 2010) (describing
Becker's work). As Richard Posner has noted, Becker's work had historical
antecedents in Bentham. Posner, supra, at 52.





n70.  See Cohen, supra note 67, at 281-98 (summarizing literature and adding a
more comprehensive list of costs of crime).





n71.  The most notable are the analyses by the Washington State Institute for
Public Policy. See, e.g., Steve Aos et al., Wash. State Inst. for Pub. Policy,
The Comparative Costs and Benefits of Programs to Reduce Crime: Version 4.0
(2001), available at http://www.wsipp.wa.gov/ReportFile/756 (examining the costs
and benefits of the State of Washington's programs to reduce crime); see also
Rosenberg & Mark, supra note 67, at 3-5 (2011) (describing strong state efforts
to incorporate cost-benefit analysis in criminal justice policymaking,
especially with respect to corrections).





n72.  See 31 U.S.C. § 1111 (2012) (requiring the President to improve economy
and efficiency in administrative agencies through analysis of organization,
appropriations, and programs); Exec. Order No. 13,563, 76 Fed. Reg. 3821 (Jan.
21, 2011) (reaffirming Executive Order 12866 and reiterating that an agency
should only adopt a regulation upon determination that its benefits outweigh its
costs); Office of Mgmt. & Budget, Circular A-4, Regulatory Analysis 1, 2, 28-29
(2003) (detailing required economic analysis for agency regulation); Office of
Mgmt. & Budget, Circular A-94, Guidelines and Discount Rates for Benefit-Cost
Analysis of Federal Programs (1992) (providing general guidance for conducting
cost-benefit analysis).





n73.  See, e.g., Mark A.R. Kleiman, Smart on Crime: Being Tough on Criminals
Hasn't Worked, but Neither Has Being Lenient. Here's How to Prevent - and Punish
- Crime the Right Way, 28 Democracy J. 51, 56-57 (2013) (encouraging
progressives to think in economic terms about crime-control policy); Jason
Chaffetz, Getting Smart About Crime: When So Many Prisoners Bounce Back the
System Isn't Working, Wash. Times (July 15, 2013),
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/15/getting-smart-about-crime ("It's
no longer enough to be tough on crime. We have to be smart on crime as well.");
Sam Stanton, Prop. 47 Victory Shows California Embracing 'Smart on Crime'
Approach, Supporters Say, Sacramento Bee (Nov. 6, 2014, 11:30 AM),
http://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/election/article3591130.html
("'There's a shift in the national consciousness ... about crime and punishment,
and I think that 'smart on crime' sort of captures the mood of the nation now.'"
(quoting Allen Hooper, ACLU of California) (alteration in original)); see also
About the Texas Smart-on-Crime Coalition (TSCC), Texas Smart-on-Crime Coalition
(Sept. 11, 2014),
http://smartoncrimetexas.com/featured/texas-smart-crime-coalition-tscc
(describing the founding in 2014 of diverse coalition of groups uniting "to
pursue cost-effective reforms that enhance public safety, promote safe
rehabilitation, and save taxpayer dollars").





n74.  U.S. Dep't of Justice, Smart on Crime, Reforming the Criminal Justice
System for the 21st Century 1 (2013), available at
http://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/ag/legacy/2013/08/12/smart-on-crime.p
df; Eric Holder, U.S. Att'y Gen., Remarks at the Annual Meeting of the American
Bar Association's House of Delegates (Aug. 12, 2013), available at
http://www.justice.gov/opa/speech/attorney-general-eric-holder-delivers-remarks-
annual-meeting-american-bar-associations.





n75.  See, e.g., Cost-Benefit Analysis and Crime Control, supra note 69
(reviewing and synthesizing literature on economic analysis of criminal justice
interventions); Mark A. Cohen, The Costs of Crime and Justice (2005) (advocating
for cost-benefit analysis in making criminal justice policy decisions and
reviewing techniques for estimating costs of crime); Mark A.R. Kleiman et al.,
Measuring the Costs of Crime (2014) (examining limitations of certain
cost-benefit analysis approaches regarding crime and advocating for
supplementing such analyses with additional cost considerations).





n76.  See, e.g., Kleiman et al., supra note 75, at 2 ("Frequently, the principal
benefit of a policy or program is a reduction in the extent and impact of the
targeted problem. Thus, estimates of the problem's current cost can play a
crucial role in deciding how to address that problem ... .").





n77.  Id.





n78.  See, e.g., Lorraine Mazerolle et al., Legitimacy in Policing: A Systematic
Review 10 (2013) (discussing the benefits of good criminal justice policy). One
might argue this literature is still too narrow. Public pressure to arrest
domestic violence offenders and police officers who shoot unarmed citizens as
well as charge them with crimes can be thought of as valuing the expressive
value of police coercion, a benefit of policing apart from lowering crime.





n79.  See President's Comm'n on Law Enforcement & Admin. of Justice, supra note
68, at 34 fig.8 (listing as "Public Expenditures for Prevention and Control of
Crime" costs of police, courts, prosecution and defense counsel, and
corrections).





n80.  See Becker, supra note 69, at 171 (using Crime Commission's estimates
about costs of responding to crime, including public expenditures on police,
prosecution and courts, corrections, and private costs of combatting crime); id.
at 174 (describing the cost of apprehension and conviction).





n81.  See id. at 179-80 (describing cost of punishments to offenders).





n82.  See, e.g., Aos et al., supra note 71, at 8-9 (using the net direct cost
per participant of criminal justice programs as the only costs of the programs);
Marc Schabses, N.Y. Div. of Criminal Justice Servs., No. CBA-1, Cost Benefit
Analysis for Criminal Justice: Deployment and Initial Application of the Results
First Cost Benefit Model 5 (2013) (describing proper implementation of
cost-benefit analysis for public safety policy in New York State and describing
costs as the annual operating costs of the relevant criminal justice system
component); Ann Netten, Identifying Costs and Costing Complex Intervention
Programs, in Cost-Benefit Analysis and Crime Control, supra note 69, at 35-37
(using implementation costs as the costs of criminal justice programs). Like
Becker, some include the costs of punishment to the offenders, and even other
costs arising from the criminal justice system's efforts to punish the right
offender fairly, see Cohen, supra note 67, at 275 (listing categories of costs),
but they do not include in any meaningful way the full costs of policing.





n83.  Aaron J. Chalfin, From Impact Analysis to Cost-Benefit Analysis:
Methodological Issues in the Joint Estimation of Costs and Benefits, in
Cost-Benefit Analysis and Crime Control, supra note 69, at 167, 176; see also
Netten, supra note 82, at 33, 37-38 (discussing the relative advantages of top
down and bottom up methodologies).





n84.  See, e.g., Philip Bump, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) Brings 'Hands Up,
Don't Shoot' to House Floor, Wash. Post (Dec. 1, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/12/01/rep-hakeem-jeffries-d-
n-y-brings-hands-up-dont-shoot-to-house-floor (reporting use of the cry and
gesture by a member of Congressional Black Caucus on the House floor, National
Football League players during a game, and protesters criticizing the shooting
death of Michael Brown); "I Can't Breathe" T-Shirts See High-School Basketball
Team Disinvited from Event, Guardian (Dec. 27, 2014, 1:15 PM),
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/27/i-cant-breathe-t-shirts-high-school
-basketball (reporting high school team, NFL players, and NBA players wearing
shirts with the "I Can't Breathe" slogan of nationwide protesters after Eric
Garner was heard to say the quote during his death at the hands of the NYPD).





n85.  See, e.g., David S. Abrams, The Imprisoner's Dilemma: A Cost-Benefit
Approach to Incarceration, 98 Iowa L. Rev. 905 (2013) (applying new empirical
tools to improve cost-benefit analysis of changes to punishment).





n86.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-06-104, Community Policing Grants:
COPS Grants Were a Modest Contributor to Declines in Crime in the 1990s 11-12
(2005).





n87.  John J. Donohue III & Jens Ludwig, Brookings Inst., More COPS 5 (2007),
available at
http://www.brookings.edu//media/research/files/papers/2007/3/crime%20lud
wig/pb158.





n88.  William N. Evans & Emily G. Owens, COPS and Crime, 91 J. Pub. Econ. 181,
199-200 (2007).





n89.  David B. Muhlhausen, Heritage Found., Impact Evaluation of COPS Grants in
Large Cities 15 (2006).





n90.  See id. at 19 (concluding that "federal funding for community policing was
associated with small reductions in crime in large cities," but that "hiring
grants produced negative returns").





n91.  See John L. Worrall, The Effects of Local Law Enforcement Block Grants on
Serious Crime, 7 Criminology & Pub. Pol'y 325, 344 (2008) (noting that
researchers have become more interested in effects of federal funding for local
law enforcement but so far have limited most of their attention to COPS); see
also Eric P. Baumer, Evaluating the Balance Sheet of Asset Forfeiture Laws:
Toward Evidence-Based Policy Assessments, 7 Criminology & Pub. Pol'y 245, 245
(2008) ("Very little empirical research exists on the possible benefits of civil
asset forfeiture laws, and to my knowledge, no research considers a systematic
comparison of their costs and benefits.").





n92.  Kathryn A. Clark et al., A Cost-Benefit Analysis of the Violence Against
Women Act of 1994, 8 Violence Against Women 417, 418 (2002).





n93.  Id. at 420.





n94.  See id. at 418, 425 (indicating that costs include legislative
appropriations and administrative costs); see also id. at 424 ("This analysis
suggests that the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 is an efficient social
program, with averted costs of criminal victimization outweighing the costs of
implementation.").





n95.  See Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, Pub. L. No.
103-322, § 10002(1), 108 Stat. 1796 (describing the purposes of COPS grants);
U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, supra note 86, at 12-14 (finding that COPS
increased sworn officer levels and reduced crime); Evans & Owens, supra note 88,
at 193 (indicating that COPS hiring grants increased the size of police forces,
though not as much as intended); id. at 195 (indicating that COPS hiring grants
were associated with reductions in crime rates); Lilley & Boba, supra note 36,
at 450-52 (discussing reductions in crime associated with COPS hiring grants).
But see Muhlhausen, supra note 89, at 19 (concluding that COPS hiring grants did
not reduce crime).





n96.  See Worrall, supra note 91, at 344 (noting that little research exists on
federal programs); id. at 344-45 (counting between five and ten studies
concerning the connection between federal grant spending and crime).





n97.  Evaluations of JAG grants are complicated by the fact that the JAG program
represents a consolidation of previous grant programs, including the Local Law
Enforcement Block Grant, the Byrne Formula Grant, and the Byrne Discretionary
Grant. See Program and Funding History, Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning,
http://www.ncjp.org/byrne-jag/history (last visited Feb. 15, 2015) (indicating
that the existing JAG grant program was created when prior programs were merged
in 2005).





n98.  Lilley & Boba, supra note 36, at 456.





n99.  See id. at 453-54 (finding that COPS hiring grants were associated with
increased misdemeanor arrests, but that block grants were strongly associated
with decreased arrests in the same categories).





n100.  Id. at 456-57.





n101.  See Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning, supra note 42, at 5 (indicating that
33.5% of JAG spending on law enforcement was spent on equipment and technology);
id. at 457 (noting that block grant spending on technology and equipment might
explain differences in arrests between COPS and block grants).





n102.  See Office on Violence Against Women, U.S. Dep't of Justice, 2012
Biennial Report to Congress on the Effectiveness of Grant Programs Under the
Violence Against Women Act 17 (2012) (using arrests as one measure of VAWA's
effectiveness); see also David Eitle, The Influence of Mandatory Arrest
Policies, Police Organizational Characteristics, and Situational Variables on
the Probability of Arrest in Domestic Violence Cases, 51 Crime & Delinquency
573, 591-92 (2005) (measuring the impact of mandatory arrest policies by
evaluating whether they are associated with increased arrests in domestic
violence cases).





n103.  Office on Violence Against Women, supra note 102, at 9-12.





n104.  See, e.g., id. at 18 (listing legal advocacy, protection orders,
specialized probation supervision, victim support services, nursing and first
response programs, and specialized sentencing along with pro-arrest policies as
leading to positive outcomes with respect to crimes against women and noting
that all of these strategies are supported in the Office on Violence Against
Women's grant programs); id. at 154-55 ("Meaningful and serious responses [to
violence against women] by law enforcement agencies - including arrest,
providing victims with information pamphlets, taking down witness statements,
and helping victims secure protection orders - were all associated with reduced
reabuse.").





n105.  See, e.g., David A. Ford et al., Controlling Violence Against Women: A
Research Perspective on the 1994 VAWA's Criminal Justice Impacts 13-14 (2002)
(explaining that despite an early study showing a link, the impact of arrests on
reducing domestic violence is uncertain); Christopher D. Maxwell et al., U.S.
Dep't of Justice, NCJ 188199, The Effects of Arrest on Intimate Partner
Violence: New Evidence from the Spouse Assault Replication Program 2 (2001)
(finding that arrests reduce repeat domestic violence offenses, but modestly
compared with other factors).





n106.  Clark et al., supra note 92, at 418, 425; see also id. at 424 ("This
analysis suggests that the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 is an efficient
social program, with averted costs of criminal victimization outweighing the
costs of implementation.").





n107.  In funding, the Arrest Program has consistently been only second to the
STOP (Services, Training, Officers, and Prosecutors) Grant Program, which also
seeks to improve criminal justice response to crimes of violence against women.
See 42 U.S.C. § 3793 (2012) (authorizing appropriations for various VAWA
grants); Lisa M. Seghetti & Jerome P. Bjelopera, Cong. Research Serv., R42499,
The Violence Against Women Act: Overview, Legislation, and Federal Funding 23-32
tbl.A-2 (2012) (indicating VAWA grant program spending between 2008 and 2012).





n108.  See Egon Bittner, Florence Nightingale in Pursuit of Willie Sutton: A
Theory of the Police, in The Potential for Reform of Criminal Justice 17, 35
(Herbert Jacob ed., 1974) ("Police work consists of coping with problems in
which force may have to be used.").





n109.  See Davis, supra note 60, at 1 ("Historically, Western police agencies
have measured their performance against a very restricted set of crime-focused
indicators, such as crime rates, arrests, response times, and clearance rates."
(internal citation omitted)).





n110.  See Harmon, Police Violence, supra note 1, at 1151 ("Police uses of force
are entirely instrumental, which is to say that there are no deontological
justifications for the practice of exercising state force against criminal
suspects.").





n111.  See id. at 1151-52 (noting that while retribution is one purpose of
punishment, police uses of force are "entirely instrumental").





n112.  There are additional benefits to police coercions. See, e.g., infra notes
167-170 and accompanying text (describing other benefits of arrests).





n113.  See Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1, 24-25 (1968) (describing a frisk as a
humiliating and degrading intrusion on bodily integrity); Cohen, supra note 67,
at 272 (recognizing analogous costs, such as pain and suffering, as costs of
crime).





n114.  According to Bentham, "all punishment is mischief: all punishment in
itself is evil. Upon the principle of utility, if it ought at all to be
admitted, it ought only to be admitted in as far as it promises to exclude some
greater evil." Jeremy Bentham, An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and
Legislation 158 (J.H. Burns & H.L.A. Hart eds., Athlone Press 1970). Punishment
should not be "unprofitable or too expensive; where the mischief it would
produce would be greater than what it prevented," and "where it is needless:
where the mischief may be prevented, or cease of itself, without it: that is, at
a cheaper rate." Id. at 159. Police coercion, or at least federal policies that
subsidize it, should equally satisfy this test.





n115.  See Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 792-93 (arguing that in addition to
being constitutional and effective, police tactics should be "harm efficient,"
that is, that the harms they cause should be reasonable in relation to their
benefits).





n116.  See Cohen, supra note 67, at 276 ("Although the offender is part of
society, the conventional approach [to assessing the costs of crime] ignores the
purely private losses."); id. at 276-77 (noting the offender's lost productivity
while he is incarcerated and harms to the offender's family should be counted in
assessing the costs of crime). See also infra notes 128-133 and accompanying
text (discussing costs of coercion).





n117.  For example, a central claim against New York Police Department's program
of aggressively stopping and frisking suspects as a means of crime control is
that it involved a pattern of unconstitutional stops. See Second Amended Class
Action Complaint for Declaratory and Injunctive Relief and Damages at 2, Floyd
v. City of New York, 959 F. Supp. 2d 540 (S.D.N.Y. 2013) (No. 08 Civ. 01034
(SAS)) (alleging that the defendants were engaging in a practice of
unconstitutional stops and frisks of New York City residents without reasonable
articulable suspicion in violation of the Fourth Amendment). Even by the
plaintiff's measure, however, of the 2,805,721 stops by the NYPD from 2004-09,
nearly two million were legally justified. See Report of Jeffrey Fagan at 4, 19,
Floyd v. City of New York, 959 F. Supp. 2d 540 (S.D.N.Y. 2013) (No. 08 Civ.
01034 (SAS)) (analyzing NYPD stop-and-frisk program data). Presumably, a
department could develop an aggressive stop-and-frisk policy that ensured that
every stop is justified and that the program was implemented in a
nondiscriminatory manner, eliminating any constitutional objections to the
program. Treating lawful coercions as costs provides a basis for subjecting such
a program, which might still deprive 500,000 people per year of their autonomy,
to serious scrutiny.





n118.  See, e.g., Schneckloth v. Bustamonte, 412 U.S. 218, 228 (1973)
(recognizing that a suspect might consent to a search to avoid a more intrusive,
inconvenient search).





n119.  See, e.g., Muhlhausen, supra note 89, at 2 (questioning whether grants
deter crime); Evans & Owens, supra note 88, at 196-97 (considering whether COPS
grants reduce crime); Lilley & Boba, supra note 36, at 439 (examining whether
law enforcement block grants reduce crime); John L. Worrall & Tomislav V.
Kovandzic, COPS Grants and Crime Revisited, 45 Criminology 159, 160 (2007)
(noting that several researchers have studied whether COPS money reduces crime).





n120.  See Fed. Bureau of Investigation, Uniform Crime Report: Crime in the
United States, 2013, at 1-2 (stating that the Uniform Crime Reporting Program
collects data for arrests for twenty-eight offenses); Office on Violence Against
Women, supra note 102, at 17 (2012) (using arrests as measure of VAWA's
effectiveness); Lilley & Boba, supra note 36, at 445 (noting difficulties with
UCR arrest data).





n121.  See Rachel Harmon, Harmon on the Fragility of Knowledge in the Riley
(Cellphone and 4A) Case, 4 J. L. The Post 239, 239-41 (noting that data on
searches and seizures are hard to find and arguing that the Supreme Court relied
on weak evidence for an empirical claim about searches and seizures as a
result); Rachel A. Harmon, Promoting Civil Rights Through Proactive Policing
Reform, 62 Stan. L. Rev. 1, 29-30 (2009) [hereinafter Harmon, Promoting]
(describing weak national data collection on police misconduct); Rachel Harmon,
Why Do We (Still) Lack Data on Policing, 96 Marq. L. Rev. 1119, 1129-30 (2014)
[hereinafter Harmon, Data] (describing the weak state of information about
policing).





n122.  See, e.g., Aaron Chalfin, The Economic Cost of Crime, in Encyclopedia of
Crime And Punishment (Wesley G. Jennings ed., forthcoming 2015) (manuscript at
9), available at http://achalfin.weebly.com/uploads/8/5/4/8/8548116/chalfin
econcost.pdf ("Over the last thirty years, tremendous progress has been made
with respect to the development of empirical estimates of the cost of crime.");
Kathryn E. McCollister et al., The Cost of Crime to Society: New Crime-Specific
Estimates for Policy and Program Evaluation, 108 Drug & Alcohol Dependence 98,
99 (2010) (updating the estimate for costs of more than a dozen major crimes).





n123.  See Chalfin, supra note 122, at 6-8 (describing the "bottom up" method of
computing the costs of crime); see also McCollister et al., supra note 122, at
102 (illustrating a form of the bottom up method by taking the cost-of-illness
approach, which estimates the tangible costs of crime).





n124.  See Chalfin, supra note 122, at 8-11 (describing contingent valuation and
hedonic pricing estimates of costs of crime); see also Giles Atkinson et al.,
Valuing the Costs of Violent Crime: A Stated Preference Approach, 57 Oxford
Econ. Papers 559, 563-77 (2005) (developing valuations for various forms of
assault based on preference study); Jens Ludwig & Philip J. Cook, The Benefits
of Reducing Gun Violence: Evidence from Contingent-Valuation Survey Data, 22 J.
Risk & Uncertainty 207, 207 (2001) (using national survey to elicit
willingness-to-pay estimates to reduce gun violence).





n125.  See Chalfin, supra note 122, at 9 ("Since stated preferences are
hypothetical, responses may be arbitrary since the respondent does not actually
need to pay the stated price."); Abrams, supra note 85, at 943 (describing
disadvantages of the approach).





n126.  See Abrams, supra note 85, at 942 (describing the gap in outcomes that
arises from competing methodologies).





n127.  Ted R. Miller et al., U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 155282, Victim Costs and
Consequences: A New Look (1996).





n128.  Id. at 9.





n129.  Id. at 9 tbl.2 (estimating costs in 1993 dollars).





n130.  See id. at 10 (listing the medical costs of crime).





n131.  Id. at 9 tbl.2.





n132.  See id. at 9 (illustrating costs of various crimes).





n133.  See id. at 2 (describing the use of damages awards to quantify the costs
of crime).





n134.  Carey v. Piphus, 435 U.S. 247, 254 (1978).





n135.  See id. at 256-58 (indicating that § 1983 awards should be governed by
the principle of compensation as reflected in the common law of torts, as
adapted to the nature of the constitutional right).





n136.  See Memphis Cmty. Sch. Dist. v. Stachura, 477 U.S. 299, 305, 310 (1986)
(describing principles of § 1983 compensation in a nonpolice case).





n137.  Id. at 307; see also Amato v. City of Saratoga Springs, 170 F.3d 311, 314
(2d Cir. 1999) (noting that "a jury finding of excessive force does not
automatically entitle a claimant to compensatory damages" because damages would
be inappropriate when any injuries lacked monetary value).





n138.  See Memphis Cmty. Sch. Dist., 477 U.S. at 307 (stating that compensatory
damages under § 1983 may include "out-of-pocket loss and other monetary harms");
see also McCollum v. McDaniel, 32 Fed. App'x 49, 51-52 (4th Cir. 2002)
(describing an unchallenged award for past medical expenses and past and future
lost wages in a § 1983 case involving excessive force by a police officer);
Gutierrez-Rodriguez v. Cartagena, 882 F.2d 553, 578, 580 (1st Cir. 1989)
(approving an award of $ 4.5 million in compensation for permanent disability,
past and future medical expenses and rehabilitation costs, as well as pain and
suffering resulting from police shooting).





n139.  See Memphis Cmty. Sch. Dist., 477 U.S. at 307 (stating that compensatory
damages under § 1983 may include "such injuries as 'impairment of reputation ...
, personal humiliation, and mental anguish and suffering'" (alteration in
original) (quoting Gertz v. Robert Welch, Inc., 418 U.S. 323, 350 (1974)); see
also Whitfield v. Melendez-Rivera, 431 F.3d 1, 17-18 (1st Cir. 2005) (permitting
an award to a man shot by police of no more than $ 3 million for physical and
mental pain and suffering, and discussing damages that could be appropriately
awarded in a similar case for "horror," loss of consortium, change in quality of
life, worry, and shock); McCollum, 32 Fed. App'x at 56-57 (permitting a
noneconomic award of $ 1.25 million in a police misconduct case);
Gutierrez-Rodriguez, 882 F.2d at 578 (noting "emotional problems, including
depression and aggressiveness" as partial basis for a $ 4.5 million award).





n140.  See, e.g., Fox v. Hayes, 600 F.3d 819, 845 (7th Cir. 2010) (upholding a $
2.7 million award for wife's loss of consortium during false arrest); Whitfield,
431 F.3d at 18 (reducing an award to parents who were upset by their sons'
shooting by police to $ 100,000 each).





n141.  See Whitfield, 431 F.3d at 16-17 (reducing compensatory damages for
physical and mental pain and suffering arising from police shooting resulting in
shattered femur from $ 4 million to $ 3 million); McCollum, 32 Fed. App'x at 49,
56-57 (upholding a $ 1.25 million noneconomic damages award for injuries, pain,
and suffering in an excessive force claim involving the loss of an eye and other
significant injuries); id. at 51-52 (noting awards of $ 67,670 for past medical
expenses and $ 145,000 for past and future lost wages arising from an excessive
force claim); Park v. Shiflett, 250 F.3d 843, 854 (4th Cir. 2001) (permitting
compensatory damages of $ 300,000 for past and future medical costs from
injuries caused by excessive use of force during arrest); Gutierrez-Rodriguez,
882 F.2d at 578-87 (upholding a jury award of $ 4.5 million for a plaintiff
rendered paraplegic when he was shot in the back by the police).





n142.  See Carey v. Piphus, 435 U.S. 247, 255 (1978) (stating that damages are
available under § 1983 "for actions 'found ... to have been violative of ...
constitutional rights and to have caused compensable injury'") (alteration in
original) (emphasis omitted) (quoting Wood v. Strickland, 420 U.S. 308, 319
(1975)); Amato, 170 F.3d at 314 (indicating that damages should not be awarded
"where both justified and unjustified force were used, [and] the jury concludes
that the injuries resulted from the justified use of force").





n143.  See Cohen, supra note 67, at 276 ("Although the offender is part of
society, the conventional approach [to assessing the costs of crime] ignores the
purely private losses."); id. at 276-77 (noting the offender's lost productivity
while he is incarcerated and arguing that harms to the offender's family should
be counted in assessing the costs of crime).





n144.  See Martinez v. Port Auth. of N.Y. and N.J., 445 F.3d 158, 160-61 (2d
Cir. 2006) (affirming district court decision awarding $ 360,000 in a false
arrest claim); Kerman v. City of New York, 374 F.3d 93, 125-26 (2d Cir. 2004)
(concluding that a plaintiff is entitled to more than nominal damages for a
false arrest and citing approvingly prior New York cases upholding awards of up
to $ 10,000 for a few hours of illegal confinement without evidence of injury);
see also Michael Avery et al., Police Misconduct: Law & Litigation §§13:19-:20
(3d ed. 2014) (citing similar cases).





n145.  See Kerman, 374 F.3d at 125-26 (noting that awards of several thousand
dollars are appropriate for the loss of liberty for several hours separate from
any damages awarded for physical injury, embarrassment, or suffering).





n146.  See, e.g., Fox v. Hayes, 600 F.3d 819, 846 (7th Cir. 2010) (ordering
remittitur of $ 1.7 million compensatory damages to $ 16,000 for thirty-six
hours of detention under false arrest); Gardner v. Federated Dep't Stores, Inc.,
907 F.2d 1348, 1352-53 (2d Cir. 1990) (rejecting $ 150,000 compensation for
brief deprivation of liberty by department store security guards as excessive,
setting $ 50,000 as appropriate, and citing cases affirming awards of tens of
thousands of dollars).





n147.  See Martinez, 445 F.3d at 160-61 (upholding $ 360,000 in damages for
false arrest claim as within the "broad range of awards authorized in similar,
even if not wholly identical cases," and recognizing as separate bases for
compensation loss of liberty and emotional harms from arrest); Martinez v. Port
Authority of N.Y. and N.J., No. 01 Civ. 721(PKC), 2005 WL 2143333, at 20-21
(S.D.N.Y. Sept. 2, 2005) (collecting and comparing cases). In outrageous cases,
the damages can be far more. See, e.g., Fox, 600 F.3d at 845 (upholding a $ 2.7
million award for wife's loss of consortium during a thirty-six hour false
arrest because she had just had her child murdered and was "coping with
extraordinary grief"). These are damages actions compensating for the harms of a
false arrest by a police officer. Once the suspect has a hearing on probable
cause or has his guilt adjudicated, additional losses are not caused by the
arrest itself.





n148.  Gardner, 907 F.2d at 1353.





n149.  Ctr. for Econ. and Bus. Research, The Future Economic and Environmental
Costs of Gridlock in 2030, at 10-11 (2014).





n150.  Id. at 45.





n151.  See Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1, 17 (1968) (describing a frisk as "a
serious intrusion upon the sanctity of the person, which may inflict great
indignity and arouse strong resentment"); id. at 24-25 (describing a frisk of
outer clothing for weapons as "a severe, though brief, intrusion upon cherished
personal security, and ... an annoying, frightening, and perhaps humiliating
experience").





n152.  See Expanded Homicide Data Table 14, Fed. Bureau of Investigation,
http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-201
3/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded homicide data
table 14 justifiable homicide by weapon law enforcement 2009-2013.xls
(indicating that approximately 400 people were killed each year between 2009 and
2013 by law enforcement officers). While this data is incomplete, see Wesley
Lowery, How Many Police Shootings a Year? No One Knows, Post Nation (Sept. 8,
2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2014/09/08/how-many-police-sho
otings-a-year-no-one-knows/ (quoting a Department of Justice statistician
stating that FBI shooting data has "significant limitations in terms of coverage
and reliability"), it illustrates the point.





n153.  See Howard N. Snyder, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 239423, Arrest in the
United States, 1990-2010, at 2 tbl.1 (showing estimates of total arrests in the
United States over two decades). The number is now a little lower. See Fed.
Bureau of Investigation, supra note 120, at 2 (estimating 11,302,102 arrests in
2013).





n154.  See Lynn Langton & Matthew Durose, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 242937,
Police Behavior During Traffic and Street Stops, 2011, at 15 tbl.1 (2013)
(estimating the number of traffic stops at 26,404,200 for 2011).





n155.  See id. at 2, 9 (indicating that 42% of the almost sixty-three million
people who had contact with the police in 2011 were pulled over in a traffic
stop and 3.5% of drivers pulled over were searched); see also Floyd v. City of
New York, 959 F. Supp. 540, 546 (S.D.N.Y. 2013) (indicating that in New York
City alone, between 314,000 and 686,000 people were stopped as pedestrians each
year between 2004 and 2011 and that 52% of them were frisked).





n156.  See Alexander Volokh, Rationality or Rationalism? The Positive and
Normative Flaws of Cost-Benefit Analysis, 48 Hous. L. Rev. 79, 82-87 (2001)
(discussing problems with valuing noneconomic costs).





n157.  Roman & Farrell, supra note 66, at 58 ("It is clear that many informal,
implicit, and possibly ill-informed cost-benefit analyses take place on an
ongoing basis, influencing decisions varying from those of the individual to
those of social policy.").





n158.  See id. at 58 ("An aim of formal cost-benefit analysis in the field of
crime prevention, therefore might be to reduce the inaccuracy of current
implicit cost-benefit decisions... . For crime policy purposes, 'rough n' ready'
may be preferable to 'perfect but never completed' ... .").





n159.  Since some federal resources may supplant rather than supplement local
resources, even if they are not intended to, the effect will not be a
dollar-for-dollar increase in total spending on local law enforcement. See Evans
& Owens, supra note 88, at 193 ("While receipt of a COPS grant expanded the
police force, ... the force expanded by about half as much as the law
intended.").





n160.  See, e.g., Nat'l Research Council, Fairness and Effectiveness in
Policing: The Evidence 224-25 (Wesley Skogan & Kathleen Frydl eds., 2004)
(concluding that evidence does not support the proposition that adding police
officers reduces crime); Evans & Owens, supra note 88, at 194 ("There is limited
evidence suggesting that a larger police force will reduce crime."); Cody W.
Telep & David Weisburd, What is Known About the Effectiveness of Police
Practices in Reducing Crime and Disorder?, 15 Police Q. 331, 348-49 (2012)
(describing limited support for idea that adding police officers reduces crime).





n161.  See 42 U.S.C. § 3796hh (2012) (authorizing grants under VAWA); see also
Cassandra Archer et al., National Evaluation of the Grants to Encourage Arrest
Policies Program, Revised Final Report 1-6 (2002) (discussing origins, purposes,
and effects of the Arrest Program).





n162.  42 U.S.C. § 3796hh(a).





n163.  Id. § 3796hh(b)(1).





n164.  Id. § 3796hh(b)(5).





n165.  Id. § 3796hh(c)(1)(A).





n166.  Arrest Program grantees made 124,968 relevant arrests during the two-year
reporting period and referred 92,718 for prosecution, though reports did not
provide baseline data for comparison. Office on Violence Against Women, supra
note 102, at 17, 64. Research on whether mandatory or pro-arrest policies
increase arrests is more mixed. See, e.g., Eitle, supra note 102, at 575 ("Of
... studies that have examined how mandatory arrest policies are associated with
domestic violence arrests in a single jurisdiction, the results are equivocal,
with some studies finding that arrests in such cases are more likely and others
finding no change in arrests."); id. at 591 (finding in a cross-jurisdictional
study that a mandatory arrest policy increases arrests, but only modestly).





n167.  See Virginia v. Moore, 553 U.S. 164, 174 (2007) (noting that arrest
"ensures a suspect's appearance at trial, prevents him from continuing his
offense, and enables officers to investigate the incident more thoroughly").





n168.  This matter is controversial. An early study, which influenced the
passage of VAWA, found that arrests deter violence. See Lawrence W. Sherman &
Richard A. Berk, Specific Deterrent Effects of Arrest for Domestic Assault, 49
Am. Soc. Rev. 261, 269-70 (1984) (finding that subjects arrested for simple
assaults of domestic violence were less likely to commit subsequent violent acts
against victims than others, though police were traditionally reluctant to
conduct arrests). More recently, others have disagreed. See, e.g., Radha
Iyengar, Does the Certainty of Arrest Reduce Domestic Violence? Evidence from
Mandatory and Recommended Arrest Laws, 93 J. Pub. Econ. 85, 85 (2009) (finding
that mandatory arrest laws are associated with a significant increase in
intimate partner homicides).





n169.  See Kristin A. Kelly, Domestic Violence and the Politics of Privacy 89
(2003) (describing results of interviews with legal advocates for battered
women, domestic violence activists, policymakers, shelter workers, prosecutors,
and police officers indicating that arrest has important symbolic value).





n170.  See Eric L. Nelson, Police Controlled Antecedents Which Significantly
Elevate Prosecution and Conviction Rates in Domestic Violence Cases, 13
Criminology & Crim. Just. 526, 542 (2012) (finding that arrest increases the
likelihood of prosecution and, in felony cases, the likelihood of conviction).





n171.  See 42 U.S.C.§§3796hh to 3796hh-4 (2012) (authorizing the Arrest Program
and stating its purpose).





n172.  Opponents of mandatory arrest for domestic violence have long argued that
arrests have substantial costs. See, e.g., Benjamin P. Foster, Norms and Costs
of Government Domestic Violence Policies: A Critical Review, 32 J. Fam. & Econ.
Issues 140, 147-48 (2011) (arguing that domestic violence policies produce
considerable economic costs); Donna M. Welch, Comment, Mandatory Arrest of
Domestic Abusers: Panacea or Perpetuation of the Problem of Abuse, 43 DePaul L.
Rev. 1133, 1148 (1994) (quoting Michael Steinman, Coordinated Criminal Justice
Interventions and Recidivism Among Batterers, in Woman Battering: Policy
Responses 221, 222 (Michael Steinman ed., 1991)); see also Eisha Jain, Arrests
as Regulation, 67 Stan. L. Rev. (forthcoming 2015) (manuscript at 3-5),
available at http://scholarship.law.georgetown.edu/facpub/1415 (describing
negative consequences of arrests with respect to housing, employment, child
custody, and immigration).





n173.  See, e.g., Iyengar, supra note 168, at 93 (finding increased homicides
associated with mandatory arrest statutes consistent with decline in reporting
by victims of domestic violence). The marginal costs of arrests are not fixed.
They can be changed by other laws and regulations, such as those governing
public housing or immigration.





n174.  See, e.g., David Hirschel et al., Explaining the Prevalence, Context and
Consequences of Dual Arrest in Intimate Partner Cases 4, 11-13 (2007)
(describing prior research finding dual arrests account for a portion of
increased arrests from mandatory and preferred arrest laws); id. at 82-83
(finding support for the conclusion that mandatory arrest laws increase dual
arrests in some categories of cases and that primary aggressor laws do not
negate the effect); id. at 152 (finding some evidence for the conclusion that
cases in states with mandatory arrest provisions are less likely to result in
conviction).





n175.  See, e.g., Lilley & Boba, supra note 36, at 169 (considering the impact
of all VAWA funding on violent crime).





n176.  Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, tit. II, § 287(g) (codified as
amended at 8 U.S.C. § 1357(g) (2012)).





n177.  See Randy Capps et al., Migration Policy Inst., Delegation and
Divergence: A Study of 287(g) State and Local Immigration Enforcement 23-24
(2011), available at
http://www.migrationpolicy.org/sites/default/files/publications/287g-divergence.
pdf (discussing use of 287(g) agreements as a response to perceived problems
stemming from illegal immigration in North Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, and
South Carolina).





n178.  See id. at 14-15 (describing different models for 287(g) collaborations);
id. at 21 (finding that nineteen of fifty-two 287(g) jurisdictions use the jail
model and that the jail model accounts for an overwhelming proportion of
detainers executed through the program).





n179.  See, e.g., Del. Code Ann. tit. 11 § 1904 (2015) (authorizing misdemeanor
arrests); La. Code Crim. Proc. Ann. art. 213 (2014) (same); N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann.
§ 594:10 (2014) (same); Atwater v. Lago Vista, 532 U.S. 318, 354 (2001) ("If an
officer has probable cause to believe that an individual has committed even a
very minor criminal offense in his presence, he may, without violating the
Fourth Amendment arrest the offender.").





n180.  According to the Police-Public Contact Survey, in 2008, 44% of citizen
contacts with police officers involved drivers being stopped, amounting to more
than 8% of U.S. drivers. Of those stopped, more than half received a ticket,
while only 2.6% were arrested. The others either received a warning or had no
action taken against them. Christine Eith & Matthew R. Durose, U.S. Dep't of
Justice, NCJ 234599, Contacts Between Police and the Public, 2008, at 3 tbls.2,
7, 8 (2011).





n181.  See Secure Communities, U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement,
http://www.ice.gov/secure communities (describing the Secure Communities
process).





n182.  From 2006 to 2011, almost 127,000 individuals were identified for removal
in the 287(g) program. According to one study, about half of the ICE detainers
issued pursuant to the program are on people who have committed only
misdemeanors or traffic offenses. U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement, ICE
287(g)-Identified Aliens for Removal 6 (2010), available at
http://www.ice.gov/doclib/foia/reports/287g-masterstats 2010oct31.pdf.





n183.  See U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., ICE Response to the Task Force on Secure
Communities Findings and Recommendations 10-11 (2012), available at
http://www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/hsac/ice-response-to-task-force-on-secure-com
munities.pdf (stating that under Secure Communities local governments "continue
to enforce the criminal law in exactly the same manner as they did before Secure
Communities was activated"); Immigration Enforcement Frequently Asked Questions,
U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement, http://www.ice.gov/secure
communities/faq.htm (last visited Sept. 7, 2013) ("Secure Communities does not
require or permit any change to law enforcement agencies' customary booking
process.").





n184.  For further discussion of Secure Communities and arrest incentives, see
Elina Treyger, Collateral Incentives to Arrest 13-33 (unpublished manuscript)
(on file with the New York University Law Review), and also see Letter from
Assistant Att'y Gen. Thomas E. Perez to Maricopa Cnty. Att'y Bill Montgomery 3
(Dec. 15, 2011), available at
http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/spl/documents/mcso findletter 12-15-11.pdf
(noting evidence that law enforcement officers engaged in "immigration-related
crime suppression activities" in response to noncriminal complaints).





n185.  The costs of additional arrests are especially significant because
empirical evidence suggests that Secure Communities did not reduce violent
crime. See Thomas J. Miles & Adam B. Cox, Does Immigration Enforcement Reduce
Crime? Evidence from 'Secure Communities,' J.L. & Econ. (forthcoming Nov. 2014)
(manuscript at 4), available at www.law.uchicago.edu/files/file/does immigration
enforcement reduce crime 082514.pdf (arguing that Secure Communities led to no
meaningful reduction in the rates of FBI index crimes or violent crime). The
Secure Communities Program has now been replaced with the Priority Enforcement
Program. Under the new program, a booking following arrest still triggers
federal immigration review, but ICE only intended to seek transfer of an alien
who has been convicted of a crime enumerated in federal removal priorities. See
Memorandum from Jeh Charles Johnson, supra note 6, at 1, 3 (declaring that
Secure Communities would be replaced with the Priority Enforcement Program and
describing the new program). Though this program might still encourage some
additional arrests in order to trigger federal immigration scrutiny, the
narrowing of the category of aliens who will be transferred for removal likely
mitigates the strength of the incentive to change behavior to trigger or prevent
that review.





n186.  Other federal programs encourage deprivations of autonomy more minor than
arrests. As noted above, for example, equitable sharing programs incentivize
traffic enforcement, which involves frequent, if brief, encounters with police,
in which those pulled over are not free to leave or otherwise determine their
own conduct. See, e.g., Brendlin v. California, 551 U.S. 249, 257-59 (2007)
(finding it reasonable for police officers to control movement of drivers and
passengers during traffic stops); Pennsylvania v. Mims, 434 U.S. 106, 111 (1977)
(holding that a police officer may order a person out of his car during an
ordinary traffic stop consistent with Fourth Amendment).





n187.  6 U.S.C.§§604-605 (2012).





n188.  Id. Under federal law, 80% of the funds must be passed through to local
or tribal jurisdictions, and at least 25% of the funds in the grant program must
be allocated for law enforcement terrorism prevention. See id. (authorizing and
stating requirements for Urban Areas Security Initiative grants and the State
Homeland Security Grant Program); id. § 607(a) (indicating that "not less than
25 percent of the total combined funds appropriated for grants under sections
604 and 605" must be "used for law enforcement terrorism prevention
activities"). In 2014 alone, that 25% amounts to more than $ 200 million. See FY
2014 Homeland Security Grant Program, supra note 56 (noting that amount
available for the State Homeland Security Program in 2014 is $ 401,346,000, and
the amount available in the Urban Areas Security Initiative is $ 587 million).
In recent years, the funding in these programs has been substantially higher.
See, e.g., FY 2010 Homeland Security Grant Program, Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency,
http://www.fema. gov/fy-2010-homeland-security-grant-program (indicating higher
grant amounts in the 2010 fiscal year); FY 2008 Homeland Security Grant Program,
Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, http://www.fema.gov/fy-2008-homeland-security-
grant-program (indicating higher grant amounts in the 2008 fiscal year).





n189.  See Stephen A. Morreale & David E. Lambert, Homeland Security and the
Police Mission, 6 J. Homeland Security & Emergency Mgmt. 1, 13-14 (2009) (noting
that police departments use Homeland Security funding for purchasing equipment,
which requires less mission revision, bureaucratic innovation, or effort than
other uses of Homeland Security funds).





n190.  See Sen. Tom Coburn, Safety at Any Price: Assessing the Impact of
Homeland Security Spending in U.S. Cities 36 (2012), available at
https://info.publicintelligence.net/SenatorCoburn-UASI.pdf (describing
militarized vehicles and bomb detection robots among other equipment purchased
with Homeland Security grants); Andrew Becker & G.W. Schulz, Local Police
Stockpile High-Tech, Combat-Ready Gear, Ctr. for Investigative Reporting (Dec.
21, 2011),
http://cironline.org/reports/local-police-stockpile-high-tech-combat-ready-gear-
2913 (describing military equipment going to low-risk jurisdictions as a result
of Homeland Security grants).





n191.  Exec. Office of the President, Review: Federal Support for Local Law
Enforcement Equipment Acquisition 15 (2014), available at http://www.whitehouse.
gov/sites/default/files/docs/federal support for local law enforcement equipment
acquisition.pdf.





n192.  See Coburn, supra note 190, at 36-39 (describing armored vehicles
purchased with Homeland Security grants and Lenco's assistance to departments);
see also Law Enforcement, Lenco Armored Vehicles,
http://www.lencoarmor.com/law-enforcement (last visited Feb. 14, 2015)
(describing, on the Lenco company website, several Lenco models available for
law enforcement use, including the BearCat, the larger Bear, and variants on
both models).





n193.  Though Lenco no longer posts the specifications for BearCats on the open
portion of its website, see Law Enforcement-BearCat Variants, Lenco Armored
Vehicles, http://www.lencoarmor.com/law-enforcement/bearcat-variants/g2/ (last
visited Mar. 12, 2015) (stating that product information and brochures are
password protected), descriptions are still available from other sources, see
BearCat Armored Vehicle, Fed. Bus. Opportunities (Feb. 11, 2013, 1:34 PM),
https://www.fbo.gov/notices/e2ef5c66f3c568eef8abcfd8128724eb (describing Lenco
BearCat BC55003 as including rotating rooftop turret, ballistic skip round
shields, and more); Coburn, supra note 190, at 39 (describing BearCats as $
250,000 vehicles); Julie Bosman & Matt Apuzzo, In Wake of Clashes, Calls to
Demilitarize Police, N.Y. Times, Aug. 15, 2014, at A1 (noting that Homeland
Security grants paid for the $ 360,000 BearCat used in Ferguson, Missouri).





n194.  Other military style equipment might also be used to discover missing
persons or rescue individuals stranded in a natural disaster.





n195.  See, e.g., Coburn, supra note 190, at 1 (summarizing the report as
"exposing misguided and wasteful spending" in the Urban Areas Security
Initiative); Kim Murphy, Is Homeland Security Spending Paying Off?, L.A. Times
(Aug. 28, 2011),
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/aug/28/nation/la-na-911-homeland-money-20110828
(describing criticisms of the program).





n196.  See Patrick S. Roberts, Shifting Priorities: Congressional Incentives and
the Homeland Security Granting Process, 22 Rev. Pol'y Research 437, 443-44
(2005) (contending that political incentives have led to Homeland Security
grants going disproportionately to small, low-risk states). By contrast, the
Urban Areas Security Initiative is intended to be limited to metropolitan areas
that face significant risks of terrorism. However, until 2011 when funding cuts
required the list of eligible cities to be shortened, the list included Albany,
New York; Omaha, Nebraska; and Providence, Rhode Island, among other cities that
are rarely associated with elevated terrorism risk. Devlin Barrett, Some Cities
Lose Funding to Prevent Terrorism, Wall St. J., May 20, 2011, at A5.





n197.  For some recent examples from both the left and the right, see ACLU, War
Comes Home: The Excessive Militarization of American Policing 2 (2014)
(describing and criticizing militarism in American policing resulting from
federal programs), Abigail R. Hall & Christopher J. Coyne, The Militarization of
U.S. Domestic Policing, 17 Indep. Rev. 485 (2013) (describing the historical
rise and political economy of militarization), and Radley Balko, Rise of the
Warrior Cop, Wall St. J., July 20-21, 2013, at C1 (criticizing increased
militarization in domestic policing).





n198.  See ACLU, supra note 197, at 18 (stating that one "dramatic" consequence
of police militarization is "the use of SWAT and other paramilitary teams to
conduct ordinary law enforcement activities"); Hall & Coyne, supra note 197, at
488 ("Once domestic police forces acquire additional funding, tactical training,
and weaponry, they face an incentive to use this training and equipment to
justify the spending and to seek further increases.").





n199.  Coburn, supra note 190, at 43 (describing the incident); see also ACLU,
supra note 197, at 13 (noting that Maricopa County has received a .50 caliber
machine gun, 120 assault rifles, five armored vehicles, and ten helicopters
mostly from federal programs).





n200.  See Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 5 (noting that some
believe the use of military equipment by civilian police weakens community trust
in the police).





n201.  See, e.g., Tom R. Tyler & Yuen J. Huo, Trust in the Law: Encouraging
Public Cooperation with the Police and Courts, at xiii-xv (2002) (assessing how
past experience with police affects compliance with the law); Lorraine Mazerolle
et al., Procedural Justice and Police Legitimacy: A Systematic Review of the
Research Evidence, 9 J. Experimental Criminology 245, 245 (2013) (reviewing
empirical evidence on the impact of interventions designed to improve citizen
perceptions of police legitimacy). Because of the centrality of legitimacy to
democratic self-governance, legitimacy can provide a normative measure of the
success of policing, independent of police effectiveness at reducing crime and
disorder. See, e.g., Davis, supra note 60, at 1 ("Much recent thinking has
argued that police performance measures need to incorporate a wider set of
concerns tied to the precepts of democratic policing."); Race, Trust and Police
Legitimacy, Nat'l Inst. of Justice,
http://www.nij.gov/topics/law-enforcement/legitimacy/pages/welcome.aspx (last
visited Feb. 15, 2015) ("The public's perceptions about the lawfulness and
legitimacy of law enforcement are an important criterion for judging policing in
a democratic society.").





n202.  See, e.g., Manuel Eisner & Amy Nivette, Does Low Legitimacy Cause Crime?
A Review of the Evidence, in Legitimacy and Criminal Justice: An International
Exploration 308, 308 (Justice Tankebe & Alison Liebling eds., 2013) (reviewing
research on the impact of political legitimacy, including police legitimacy, on
crime); Tom R. Tyler & Jeffrey Fagan, Legitimacy and Cooperation: Why Do People
Help the Police Fight Crime in their Communities?, 6 Ohio St. J. Crim. L. 231,
236 (2008) (studying whether police legitimacy leads to cooperation with the
police and others to reduce crime).





n203.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Homeland Security, supra note 60,
at 30-31 (criticizing Homeland Security grant programs for using output measures
- like the percentage of fusion center analysts that have needed secret
clearances - rather than outcome measures as performance measures for programs).





n204.  See Mazerolle et al., supra note 201, at 264-65 (summarizing a review of
studies indicating that changing policing strategies to be procedurally just
promotes perceptions of legitimacy, cooperation with, compliance with,
satisfaction with, and confidence in the police); Jason Sunshine & Tom R. Tyler,
The Role of Procedural Justice and Legitimacy in Shaping Public Support for
Policing, 37 L. & Soc. Rev. 513, 534-35 (2003) (summarizing a study finding that
legitimacy "was by far the dominant predictor of orientation toward the police"
and affected compliance with law, and willingness to cooperate with and to
empower the police).





n205.  Lanre Akinsiku, The Price of Blackness, Gawker (Aug. 17, 2014, 1:37 PM),
http://gawker.com/the-price-of-blackness-1622972582.





n206.  See, e.g., Paul Dolan & Tessa Peasgood, Estimating the Economic and
Social Costs of the Fear of Crime, 47 Brit. J. Criminology 121, 122-27 (2007)
(describing and quantifying the costs of fear of crime); see also Matthew D.
Adler, Fear Assessment: Cost-Benefit Analysis and the Pricing of Fear and
Anxiety, 79 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 977, 978 (2004) ("Fear assessment should be a
component of cost-benefit analysis.").





n207.  See Gary Cordner, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Reducing Fear of Crime:
Strategies for Police, at iii (2010) (contending, in an introductory letter from
Bernard K. Melekian, Director of the COPS Office, that "fear of crime has an
incredibly corrosive effect on individuals and entire communities" and that "the
COPS Office recognizes that people not only need to be safe, but they also need
to feel safe"); id. at ix ("Reducing fear should be an explicit police
priority.").





n208.  See Dolan & Peasgood, supra note 206, at 123-26 (summarizing tangible and
intangible costs of fear of crime).





n209.  See, e.g., Dahleen Glanton, What Black Parents Tell Their Sons, Chi.
Trib. (Mar. 24, 2012),
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2012-03-24/news/ct-met-black-sons-20120324 1
african-american-young-black-men-black-parents (describing an African-American
parent who does not let her sixteen-year-old son walk home from school alone);
Michael Martinez et al., Within Black Families, Hard Truths Told to Sons Amid
Ferguson Unrest, CNN (Aug. 21, 2014, 12:09 AM),
http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/15/living/parenting-black-sons-ferguson-missouri/
("Think twice about wearing a hoodie. Pull up your pants. Shut your mouth around
police. Swallow your pride. Don't drive with more than three friends. And keep
your hands where they can be seen."); Rheana Murray, The Conversation Black
Parents Have with Their Kids About Cops, ABC News (Dec. 8, 2014, 3:49 PM),
http://abcnews.go.com/US/conversation-black-parents-kids-cops/story?id=27446833
(describing parents' instructions to their children about how to behave and what
to wear to avoid problems with the police).





n210.  See, e.g., Berkeley Copwatch, The Berkeley Copwatch Handbook: An
Introduction to Citizen Monitoring of the Police 5-6, 19-49, available at
http://berkeleycopwatch.org/resources/Handbook 13 print.pdf (describing purposes
and practices of Berkeley's copwatch organization). For an informative
description of the phenomenon of copwatching, see Jocelyn Simonson, Copwatching,
104 Calif. L. Rev. (forthcoming 2016), available at
http://ssrn.com/abstract=2571470.





n211.  See Coburn, supra note 190, at 38 ("Police departments rave about
[militarized] vehicles' 'shock and awe' effect saying the vehicles' menacing
presence can be enough of a deterrent for would-be criminals."); Becker &
Schulz, supra note 190 ("Do the armored vehicles and combat dress produce a sort
of 'shock and awe' effect? Lt. Jeremy Clark of the West Harford Police
Department in Connecticut hopes so."); Michael Virtanen, More Defense Surplus
Equipment Heading to Local Police Departments; ACLU Concerned, Wash. Post (Nov.
24, 2013),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/more-defense-surplus-equipment-heading-to
-local-police-departments-aclu-concerned/2013/11/24/44051418-555a-11e3-ba82-16ed
03681809 story.html (noting that they "deliver shock and awe" and quoting a New
York sheriff who recently acquired a mine-resistant, ambush-protected vehicle as
observing, "It's armored. It's heavy. It's intimidating. And it's free.").





n212.  See Becker & Schulz, supra note 190 (describing Homeland Security
spending in cities with little risk of terrorism).





n213.  See Coburn, supra note 190, at 38 (mentioning uses of militarized
vehicles at these and other community events and parades).





n214.  1033 Program FAQs, Def. Logistics Agency, http://www.dispositionservices
.dla.mil/leso/Pages/1033ProgramFAQs.aspx (last visited Feb. 15, 2015) (including
link to PowerPoint describing available property).





n215.  Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 8.





n216.  See Coburn, supra note 190, at 41 (describing and praising cities that
take "the frugal approach" by acquiring armored vehicles from federal government
surplus rather than buying new a vehicle with Homeland Security grants).





n217.  See Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 7 (noting that
because the Department of Defense does not have expertise in civilian law
enforcement operations and needs, it is left to state coordinators and police
departments to determine the appropriate types of equipment to acquire).





n218.  Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Small-Town Cops Pile Up on Useless
Military Gear, Wired (June 26, 2012, 6:31 AM),
http://www.wired.com/2012/06/cops-military-gear/all/; see also Michael
Kunzelman, Little Restraint in Military Giveaways, Associated Press (July 31,
2013, 7:31 PM),
http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ap-impact-little-restraint-military-giveaways
(describing small low-risk communities receiving significant equipment).





n219.  See Shawn Musgrave et al., The Pentagon Finally Details Its
Weapons-for-Cops Giveaway, Marshall Project (Dec. 3, 2014, 7:35 PM),
https://www.themarshallproject
.org/2014/12/03/the-pentagon-finally-details-its-weapons-for-cops-giveaway
(providing details about equipment given away in 1033 Program); see also
Franceschi-Bicchierai, supra note 218 (providing details of equipment acquired
through the 1033 Program).





n220.  See Oversight of Federal Programs for Equipping State and Local Law
Enforcement: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Homeland Sec. and Governmental
Affairs, 113th Cong. 6 (2014) (statement of Peter B. Kraska, Professor, School
of Justice Studies, University of Eastern Kentucky), available at
http://www.hsgac.senate.gov/download/?id=7ee79f5f-3a55-4caf-8070-d4b693a05ae6
(stating that twenty-three departments serving 25,000 or fewer people have
received Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles (MRAPs) from the military);
Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 8 (stating that 617 MRAPs have
been provided to law enforcement agencies through the 1033 Program); Virtanen,
supra note 211 (noting 165 MRAPs delivered to New York police departments after
returning from Iraq).





n221.  See Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 7 (noting the use
requirement).





n222.  See U.S. Gen. Servs. Admin., 1122 Program Equipment and Supplies Catalog
5-40 (2012), available at http://www.gsa.gov/graphics/fas/1122 Catalog.pdf
(listing available equipment).





n223.  See, e.g., Laura Wyatt et al., U.S. Dep't of Justice, Grant Activity
Report: Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) Program, April 2012-March 2013, at 4
(2013), available at https://www.bja.gov/Publications/JAG LE Grant Activity
03-13.pdf (reporting purchase of lethal and nonlethal weapons by local agencies
with JAG grant funding); Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 10-11
(noting that JAG grants can be used for firearms and Tasers).





n224.  Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 6.





n225.  Donald J. Campbell & Kathleen M. Campbell, Soldiers as Police
Officers/Police Officers as Soldiers: Role Evolution and Revolution in the
United States, 36 Armed Forces & Soc'y 327, 327-28 (2010).





n226.  See Peter B. Kraska, Militarization and Policing - Its Relevance to 21st
Century Police, 1 Policing 501, 502 (2007) (stating that empirical evidence
suggests "an unprecedented cooperative relationship between the US military and
US civilian police ... including technology transfers, massive military weapons
transfers, information sharing ... , a close operational relationship ... , and
a high level of cross-training in the area of special weapons and tactics team
(SWAT) and countercivil disturbance, counterinsurgency, and antiterrorism
exercises").





n227.  See id. at 506 (describing SWAT teams as more militarized "culturally,
organizationally, operationally, and materially" than patrol officers); id. at
507-08 (describing no-knock raids by SWAT teams).





n228.  Joint Task Force North, previously known as Joint Task Force 6, was
established in 1989 and continues to provide support to local, state, and
federal law enforcement agencies fighting drug trafficking into the United
States over the southwest border. See Joint Task Force North, Fact Sheet:
History of Joint Task Force North (2012), available at
http://www.jtfn.northcom.mil/factsheets/jan12 history.pdf (describing the
mission and history of the program and noting that the task force's efforts led
to "a significant expansion of the partnership among active duty forces, reserve
components, and the nation's law enforcement agencies").





n229.  See Campbell & Campbell, supra note 225, at 330 (describing the evolution
of military involvement in antidrug efforts from giving loans and equipment to
providing ground troops and substantial integration of military and law
enforcement efforts); Timothy Dunn, Military Collaboration with the Border
Patrol in the U.S.-Mexico Border Region: Inter-Organizational Relations and
Human Rights Implications, 27 J. Pol. & Military Soc. 257, 259-64 (1999)
(describing the military's role in border enforcement).





n230.  Office of Cmty. Oriented Policing Servs., U.S. Dep't of Justice, COPS
FY2012 Application Guide: COPS Hiring Program (CHP) 12 (2012), available at
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/pdf/2012AwardDocs/CHP/2012 CHP Application Guide.pdf.





n231.  In 1995 and 1999, the smaller Troops to COPS program also defrayed the
costs of hiring eligible veterans. See Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Def.,
Defense and Justice Departments Announce "Troops to Cops" Conversion Program
(May 2, 1995), available at
http://www.defense.gov/Releases/Release.aspx?ReleaseID=475 (describing previous
programs facilitating veteran hiring in police departments); Troops to COPS
(1995 and 1999), Office of Cmty. Oriented Policing Servs.,
http://www.cops.usdoj.gov/default.asp?Item=76 (last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n232.  See Stanley Shernock, Changing Uniforms: A Study of the Perspectives of
Law Enforcement Officers With and Without Different Military Background on the
Effects of Combat Deployment on Policing, 26 Crim. Just. Pol'y Rev. 1, 22 (2015)
(finding that police officers and supervisors believe that officers with combat
experience have enhanced maturity, discipline, and leadership skills).





n233.  See id. at 21 (finding in a survey that officers believed veterans bring
to policing useful weapons training, experience with tactical operations,
critical incidence response, and greater willingness to be involved in dangerous
situations).





n234.  The COPS Office has spent more than $ 11 billion in its grant programs
since its inception, but overwhelmingly that money has been spent in its hiring
program, which has little emphasis on community-oriented policing. See Bernard
K. Melekian, From the Director: The Office of Community Oriented Policing
Services, From the Director, Police Chief, Mar. 2011, at 14 (acknowledging that
the COPS office is primarily viewed as adding officers to the streets; claiming
that it has also advanced community policing through training, technical
assistance, and information dissemination; and announcing changes to hiring
grants to make the program more oriented toward community policing).





n235.  For a collection of federal asset forfeiture statutes, see Asset
Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Selected Federal
Asset Forfeiture Statutes (2006), available at
http://www.justice.gov/criminal/foia/docs/afstats06.pdf.





n236.  See Marian R. Williams et al., Inst. for Justice, Policing for Profit:
The Abuse of Civil Asset Forfeiture 41-102 (2010) (summarizing and grading asset
forfeiture laws in all fifty states).





n237.  See, e.g., 21 U.S.C. § 881(e) (2012) (authorizing the Attorney General to
share proceeds of forfeitures with local law enforcement agencies); Asset
Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Guide to Equitable
Sharing for State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies 1 (2009) (explaining that
equitable sharing promotes law enforcement by "fostering cooperation among
federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies"). The Equitable Sharing
Program includes asset forfeitures adopted from federal agencies by components
of the Department of Justice including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms,
and Explosives, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the United States Marshals Service, the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Section of the Criminal Division, and the U.S. Attorneys'
Offices. Id. at 1-2.





n238.  See id. at 2, 6 (describing federal adoption of seizures).





n239.  See id. at 12, 16-18 (describing calculation of shared amounts and
purposes for which proceeds may be used).





n240.  See John L. Worrall & Tomislav V. Kovandzic, Is Policing For Profit?
Answers from Asset Forfeiture, 7 Criminology & Pub. Pol'y 219, 227, 237 (2008)
(describing use of federal asset forfeiture law to secure proceeds in states
with more restrictive forfeiture laws).





n241.  See Asset Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, supra note 237, Foreword
(stating that $ 4.5 billion has been shared with state and local law enforcement
agencies).





n242.  See 18 U.S.C. § 981(e) (2012) (authorizing sharing of federal
forfeitures); 19 U.S.C. § 1616a(c) (2012) (same); 31 U.S.C. § 9703(a)(1)(G),
9703(h) (2012) (creating an equitable sharing program). It also gives
significant amounts of money to local law enforcement agencies expressly to
encourage deprivations of property. See, e.g., Exec. Office for Asset
Forfeiture, U.S. Dep't of Treasury, Guide to Equitable Sharing for Foreign
Countries and Federal, State, and Local Law Enforcement Agencies 2 (2004),
available at
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/terrorist-illicit-finance/Asset-Forfeitu
re/Documents/greenbook.pdf ("The mission of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund is to
affirmatively influence the consistent and strategic use of asset forfeiture by
participating law enforcement bureaus to disrupt and dismantle criminal
enterprises.").





n243.  Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 16.





n244.  See Cohen, supra note 67, at 273 (noting that unchecked violations of
property rights lead to less productive investment and social wealth).





n245.  See Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 78 ("By linking police budgets
to drug law enforcement, both forfeiture laws and Byrne grants induce police ...
to neglect other, often more pressing crime problems.").





n246.  See Michael Sallah et al., Stop and Seize: Aggressive Police Take
Hundreds of Millions of Dollars from Motorists Not Charged with Crimes, Wash.
Post, Sept. 7, 2014, at A1 (describing the use of high interdiction to conduct
asset forfeitures, the equitable sharing of the seized assets, and the private
training for law enforcement road interdiction efforts).





n247.  See Charles Doyle, Cong. Research Serv., RL97-139, Crime and Forfeiture 3
(2013) (noting that while "virtually every kind of property ... may be subject
to confiscation," vehicles have especially been the target of seizures); John L.
Worrall, Addicted to the Drug War: The Role of Civil Asset Forfeiture as a
Budgetary Necessity in Contemporary Law Enforcement, 29 J. Crim. Just. 171,
171-73 (discussing the connection between forfeiture and the drug war).





n248.  See Amaury Murgado, Drug Interdiction for Patrol, Police (Sept. 5, 2012),
http://www.policemag.com/channel/patrol/articles/2012/09/drug-interdiction-for-p
atrol.aspx (counseling patrol officers to make traffic stops in order to "make
an impact on the drug trade").





n249.  See Whren v. United States, 517 U.S. 806, 819 (1996) (holding that
probable cause of a traffic offense renders a traffic stop reasonable).





n250.  See Schneckloth v. Bustamonte, 412 U.S. 218, 219 (1973) ("It is ... well
settled that one of the specifically established exceptions to the requirements
of both a warrant and probable cause is a search that is conducted pursuant to
consent.").





n251.  See Florida v. Harris, 133 S. Ct. 1050, 1058 (2013) (concluding that the
drug dog alert on a car provided probable cause to search the car).





n252.  See California v. Acevedo, 500 U.S. 565, 580 (1991) ("The police may
search an automobile and the containers within it where they have probable cause
to believe contraband or evidence is contained.").





n253.  See Exec. Office of the President, National Drug Control Strategy 37
(2014) ("Systematic collection, analysis and secure dissemination of accurate
and timely intelligence are critical to thwarting the activities of criminal
organizations."). While the Drug Control strategy also advocates drug
interdiction on highways, it encourages it narrowly, limited to "collaborative,
intelligence-led policing to enhance law enforcement efforts on interstate
highways specifically identified as drug trafficking corridors." Id. at 42.





n254.  See, e.g., Worrall, supra note 247, at 183 (arguing that police
departments' dependence on the proceeds of asset forfeiture lends support to the
idea "that law enforcement has a vested interest in there being a drug problem
because of the money and resources that stand to be gained").





n255.  See John Burnett, Seized Drug Assets Pad Police Budgets, NPR (June 16,
2008), http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=91490480 ("If a cop
stops a car going north with a trunk full of cocaine, that makes great press
coverage... . Then they destroy the cocaine ... . If they catch 'em going south
with a suitcase full of cash, the police department just paid for its budget for
the year." (internal quotation marks omitted)); id. (quoting a Texas sheriff
describing southbound lanes of one highway as a "piggy bank"). Although this
example comes from Texas, which has forfeiture laws even more generous to local
law enforcement than federal law, the incentive structure for local law
enforcement is the same throughout border states and near-border states under
the federal program. See Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 68 (citing
Richard Miniter, Ill Gotten Gains, Reason, Aug.-Sept. 1993, at 32, 34) (quoting
former New York City Police Commissioner Patrick Murphy observing that police
have "a financial incentive to impose roadblocks on the southbound lanes of
I-95, which carry the cash to make drug buys, rather than the northbound lanes,
which carry the drugs. After all, seized cash will end up forfeited to the
police department, while seized drugs can only be destroyed").





n256.  They do, however, catch weapons being transported for sale in Mexico, a
source of tension between the two countries in recent years and an increasing
focus of U.S. law enforcement. See, e.g., Exec. Office of the President, supra
note 253, at 39-40 (prioritizing disrupting the outward flow of weapons to
violent drug trafficking organizations in Mexico and noting recent coordination
with Mexico to stem that flow).





n257.  The Equitable Sharing Program also acts at apparent cross purposes with
other federal programs. VAWA and its reauthorizations seek to reduce violence
against women by improving the criminal justice response to domestic violence
and sexual assault and providing additional services to victims of these crimes.
See 42 U.S.C. § 3796hh (stating that the purpose of grants is to encourage
treatment of violence against women as "serious violations of criminal law"). By
contrast, the equitable sharing programs give departments a conflicting
financial incentive to pursue activities other than investigating rapes and
assaults against women, which are unlikely to result in forfeitures.





n258.  See Baumer, supra note 91, at 245 (noting that no research systematically
compares the costs and benefits of asset forfeiture); Worrall, supra note 247,
at 172 ("There have been virtually no empirical studies of civil forfeiture.").





n259.  See, e.g., John L. Worrall, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Asset Forfeiture 13
(2008) ("Unfortunately, not a single published study has linked forfeiture
activities to the prevalence of criminal activity."); Baumer, supra note 91, at
245 ("Very little empirical research exists on the possible benefits of civil
asset forfeiture laws.").





n260.  See Asset Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, supra note 237, at 12
(describing how the equitable share of the seizing agency is determined).





n261.  See id. at 15 (indicating how net proceeds of the forfeiture are to be
calculated).





n262.  See id. (listing the only costs that are deducted from the gross receipts
of the sale of forfeited property in determining the equitable share of the
seizing agency).





n263.  For example, many recent articles complain in their titles about
"policing for profit." E.g., Williams et al., supra note 236 (Policing for
Profit); Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 35 (Policing for Profit: The Drug
War's Hidden Economic Agenda); Policing for Profit, News Channel 5,
http://www.jrn.com/newschannel5/news/newschannel-5-investigates/policing-for-pro
fit (last visited Feb. 15, 2015); Nick Sibilla, Cops in Texas Seize Millions By
'Policing for Profit,' Forbes (June 5, 2014, 4:51 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/instituteforjustice/2014/06/05/cops-in-texas-seize-m
illions-by-policing-for-profit/.





n264.  Office of the Att'y Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice, supra note 6; see Press
Release, U.S. Dep't of Justice, Attorney General Prohibits Federal Agency
Adoptions of Assets Seized by State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies Except
Where Needed to Protect Public Safety (Jan. 16, 2015), available at
http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/attorney-general-prohibits-federal-agency-adoption
s-assets-seized-state-and-local-law (describing Holder's announced changes to
the use of equitable sharing discretion).





n265.  See Office of the Att'y Gen., U.S. Dep't of Justice, supra note 6
("Federal adoption of property seized by state or local law enforcement under
state law is prohibited, except for property that directly relates to public
safety concerns, including firearms, ammunition, explosives, and property
associated with child pornography.").





n266.  Id.





n267.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund:
Transparency of Balances and Controls over Equitable Sharing Should Be Improved
43 (2012) (indicating that adopted forfeitures represented less than a quarter
of all equitable sharing payments to state and local law enforcement agencies in
2003 and have been declining since).





n268.  See, e.g., 21 U.S.C. § 881(e) (authorizing the Attorney General to share
proceeds of forfeitures with local law enforcement agencies).





n269.  See, e.g., Asset Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, supra note 237,
at 17 (stating that proceeds can be used for electronic surveillance equipment
among other purposes); Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 8
(noting that 44,275 night vision devices have been given to law enforcement
agencies through the 1033 Program); id. at 9 (noting that the 1122 Program
permits the purchase of night vision devices); id. at 10 (stating that JAG
funding can be used to buy camera systems and license plate readers among other
equipment); id. at 18 (stating that High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program
funds can be used for wires for telephone taps and surveillance vans, among
other uses).





n270.  See Violent Gang Task Forces, Fed. Bureau of Investigation,
http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/vc
majorthefts/gangs/violent-gangs-task-forces (last visited Feb. 14, 2015)
(describing intrusive surveillance techniques as key facets of Safe Streets Task
Forces).





n271.  See Brian A. Reaves, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 231174, Local Police
Departments, 2007, at 10 (2010) (noting that local police departments cost about
$ 55.4 billion to operate in 2007, not including capital expenditures).





n272.  See Brian A. Reaves, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 233982, Census of State
and Local Law Enforcement Agencies, 2008, at 4 (2011) (stating that there were
12,501 local police departments that employed at least one full-time officer or
equivalent in 2008).





n273.  Reaves, supra note 271, at 10. The $ 4.4 million figure is from 2007, the
most recent year for which data is available. This average hides tremendous
variation, ranging from an average operating budget of $ 849 million for
departments serving more than one million people to an average of $ 263,000 for
departments serving fewer than 2500. Id. at 10 tbl.4.





n274.  See, e.g., Justice Expenditure and Employment Extracts, 2010 - Final,
Bureau of Justice Statistics (July 1, 2014) [hereinafter Justice Expenditure],
http://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=pbdetail&iid=5049 (follow "Comma-delimited
format (CSV)" hyperlink; then open spreadsheet "jeeus1004.csv") (indicating that
municipalities spent $ 58,209,547,000 on police protection in the 2010 fiscal
year).





n275.  See U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, Grants to State and Local
Governments, supra note 59, at 13 (noting that there are various inconsistent
and incomplete sources of data for federal spending on grants).





n276.  Justice Expenditure, supra note 274.





n277.  See FY 2010 Homeland Security Grant Program, supra note 188 (indicating
program funding available for the 2010 fiscal year).





n278.  Niall McCarthy, Chart: Pentagon Donations to Police Are Skyrocketing,
Forbes (Aug. 15, 2014, 10:12 AM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2014/08/15/chart-pentagon-donations-to
-police-are-skyrocketing/. This number is far, far higher today because of
equipment returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. Id. The value of property given
in the first seven months of 2014 alone was more than $ 750 million. Id.





n279.  Equitable Sharing Payments of Cash and Sale Proceeds Executed During
Fiscal Year 2010, by Recipient Agency, U.S. Dep't of Justice,
http://www.justice.gov/jmd/afp/02fundreport/2010affr/report2b.htm (last visited
Mar. 2, 2015).





n280.  See, e.g., Nat'l Criminal Justice Assoc. & Vera Inst. of Justice, The
Impact of Federal Budget Cuts from FY10-FY13 on State and Local Public Safety
2-3 (2013) (reporting results of a survey of state and local criminal justice
practitioners indicating that many cut services and froze hiring and salary
increases in law enforcement as a result of federal budget cuts in Department of
Justice grant programs).





n281.  See, e.g., Civil Rights Div., U.S. Dep't of Justice, FY 2014 Performance
Budget 20 (2014) (indicating fifty-nine officers were prosecuted in the 2012
fiscal year).





n282.  See id. at 36 (indicating that the Special Litigation section reached
five court-enforceable agreements with law enforcement agencies in 2012, more
than it had reached in the previous ten years combined).





n283.  Id. at 51-52.





n284.  See Brian E. Dollery & Joe L. Wallis, The Political Economy of Local
Government 39-70 (2001) (describing forms of failure in local government and
summarizing literature); Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 811-12 (noting
inadequate incentives for police departments and local political officials to
protect civil rights). Local governments can also allocate the costs and
benefits - including the intrusion costs of policing - according to morally
irrelevant criteria, such as class or race. A broader conception of market
failure could include both equity and efficiency criteria. Charles Wolf, Jr.,
Markets or Governments: Choosing Between Imperfect Alternatives 19-20 (2d ed.
1988). But such an analysis adds complexity, so I confine my analysis here to
the costs and benefits, rather than the equity, of policing policy. See Dollery
& Wallis, supra, at 22 (indicating factors that make analysis more complicated).
In any case, recognizing nonbudgetary harms of policing as harms is a precursor
to deciding how they should be fairly distributed.





n285.  See Dollery & Wallis, supra note 284, at 12-13 (describing political
process failures); Wolf, supra note 41, at 53-57 (analogizing political market
failure to traditional market failure and describing a decoupling between those
who receive the benefits of government programs and those who pay the burdens);
Charles Wolf, Jr., A Theory of Nonmarket Failure: Framework for Implementation
Analysis, 22 J.L. & Econ. 107, 116-32 (1979) (outlining kinds of political
market failures).





n286.  See, e.g., Eith & Durose, supra note 180, at 2 tbl.1 (showing contacts
with the police in 2002, 2005, and 2008); Langton & Durose, supra note 154, at 2
fig.1 (indicating that of the 62,936,500 people age sixteen and older who had
contact with the police during 2011, only 7.3% had involuntary contact unrelated
to a traffic stop).





n287.  See, e.g., Eith & Durose, supra note 180, at 10 ("Black drivers ... were
about three times as likely as white drivers ... and about two times as likely
as Hispanic drivers ... to be searched during a traffic stop.").





n288.  See id. at 11 (indicating that fewer than 2% of individuals who had
face-to-face contact with the police in 2008 had force used against them);
Langton & Durose, supra note 154, at 9 (indicating that police conducted
searches in about 3% of traffic stops in 2011); id. at 10 tbl.9 (indicating that
only 1.5% of those stopped in traffic stops in 2011 had force used against
them).





n289.  See Wolf, supra note 41, at 58 ("Decoupling may contribute to excess
demand for government activities ... in the sense that they entail greater
social costs than benefits ... ."); id. ("The decoupling between those who
benefit from, and those who pay for, government programs, frequently results in
stronger incentives to expand than to confine government programs. As a result,
government programs may be initiated or expanded even though they are
inefficient in a micro-economic sense ... as well as inequitable ... .").
Decoupling helps justify federal intervention into local policing through
federal civil rights programs, including federal prosecution of local officers
and federal civil suits for structural reform under 42 U.S.C. § 14141 (2012).





n290.  See Larry K. Gaines & John L. Worrall, Police Administration 39-40 (3d
ed. 2011) (describing local political accountability for police chiefs); see
also Illinois v. Lidster, 540 U.S. 419, 426 (2004) (noting that a Fourth
Amendment rule governing police checkpoints was unnecessary to prevent a
proliferation of police checkpoints because of "practical considerations -
namely, limited police resources and community hostility to related traffic
tieups"), quoted in United States v. Jones, 132 S. Ct. 945, 954, 956 (2012)
(Sotomayor, J., concurring) (describing limited resources and community
hostility as "the ordinary checks that constrain abusive law enforcement
practices").





n291.  Harmon, Data, supra note 121, at 1122.





n292.  This is obviously less possible with respect to surveillance, undercover
operations, and other secretive programs. See Matthew C. Waxman, National
Security Federalism in the Age of Terror, 64 Stan. L. Rev. 289, 336 (2012)
(noting that local oversight is "poorly adapted to government activities with
very low public transparency").





n293.  See, e.g., Heather Knight, Ed Lee Drops Stop-Frisk Plan Amid Uproar,
SFGate (Aug. 7, 2012, 9:44 AM),
http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Ed-Lee-drops-stop-frisk-plan-amid-uproar-3
768219.php (describing the influence of public pressure in preventing the
implementation of a stop-and-frisk police program in San Francisco); Claudia
Vargas, Nutter Names 24 to Police Community Oversight Board, Phila. Inquirer
(Apr. 17, 2015, 3:08 PM),
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/heardinthehall/Nutter-names-23-.html
(describing a board established to address concerns about use of excessive force
by the Philadelphia Police Department).





n294.  See DOJ Investigation of APD, Albuquerque J.,
http://www.abqjournal.com/apd-under-fire#timeline (last visited Mar. 2, 2015)
(collecting a comprehensive set of news articles about the Albuquerque police
shootings and subsequent developments).





n295.  See Astrid Galvan, Changes in Store for APD, Albuquerque J. (June 25,
2011, 2:15 AM),
http://www.abqjournal.com/38928/news/changes-in-store-for-apd.html (detailing
the policy changes adopted in the wake of the Albuquerque police shootings).





n296.  See Michael Barbaro, The Ad Campaign: De Blasio Speaks Against
Stop-and-Frisk Tactics, N.Y. Times City Room (Aug. 19, 2013, 1:00 PM),
http://cityroom.blogs.ny
times.com/2013/08/19/the-ad-campaign-de-blasio-speaks-against-stop-and-frisk/
(examining de Blasio's second campaign commercial, which dealt with his
opposition to stop-and-frisk).





n297.  Harry Bruinius, Reviled 'Stop and Frisk' Ebbs. So Does NYPD Job Approval.
What gives?, Christian Sci. Monitor (June 13, 2014),
http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Politics/2014/0613/Reviled-stop-and-frisk-ebbs.-So-
does-NYPD-job-approval.-What-gives-video; see also Khorri Atkinson, Mayor de
Blasio to Reform Stop-and-Frisk, N.Y. Amsterdam News (Feb. 6, 2014, 12:50 AM),
http://amsterdamnews.com/news/2014/feb/06/mayor-de-blasio-reform-stop-and-frisk
(stating that the promise to reform the stop-and-frisk program helped elect
Mayor de Blasio).





n298.  See Atkinson, supra note 297 (describing de Blasio's efforts to deliver
on his campaign promise to reform stop-and-frisk).





n299.  Press Release, White House, FACT SHEET: Strengthening Community Policing
(Dec. 1, 2014), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2014/12/01/fact-sheet-strengthening-c
ommunity-policing.





n300.  See Apuzzo, supra note 5 (describing Congress's response to the events in
Ferguson).





n301.  Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, Pub. L. No.
103-322, § 210401, 108 Stat. 1796, 2071 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. §
14141 (2012)).





n302.  Id.





n303.  See O'Hear, supra note 40, at 858 ("Decentralized decision making in many
instances provides better policy and greater citizen satisfaction than federal
decision making."); Richman, supra note 16, at 420 (noting that local police
have "greater electoral accountability" and that "scrutiny of police performance
by the local electorate, although hardly constant, regularly occurs"); Waxman,
supra note 292, at 326 (stating that though legal scholars doubt local political
accountability in other contexts, "many policing scholars believe that local
politics plays a significant role in shaping policy and constraining police
behavior"). But see David Alan Sklansky, Police and Democracy, 103 Mich. L. Rev.
1699, 1810-14 (2005) (arguing that local policing may not be more responsive).





n304.  See Harmon, Data, supra note 121, at 1123 (arguing that for local
accountability to work, "the voting public needs information about crime
conditions, what its police departments do, and the costs and benefits of
alternative policing practices").





n305.  E.g., Anti-Human Trafficking Task Force Initiative, Bureau of Justice
Assistance, https://www.bja.gov/ProgramDetails.aspx?Program ID=51 (last visited
Feb. 11, 2015); The Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, supra
note 58; Protecting America from Terrorist Attack: Our Joint Terrorism Task
Forces, Fed. Bureau of Investigation,
http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/terrorism/terrorism jttfs (last visited
Feb. 11, 2015); see also Reaves, supra note 8, at 29-30 (noting the number of
local police officers assigned to various kinds of task forces in 2007).





n306.  In 2003, an estimated 5959 local police officers were assigned full time
to a drug task force. Matthew J. Hickman & Brian A. Reaves, U.S. Dep't of
Justice, NCJ 210118, Local Police Departments, 2003, at 16 tbl.31 (2006). Other
task forces were not significant enough to appear in the report. By 2007, the
last year for which data is available, 8524 officers were assigned full time to
a drug task force. Reaves, supra note 8, at 29 tbl.33. Nearly 5000 more were
assigned part time. Id. Another 4558 officers were assigned to multiagency gang
task forces, 722 to multiagency human trafficking task forces, and 2693 to
multiagency antiterrorism task forces. Id. at 30 tbls.34-36.





n307.  Advocates argue that multijurisdictional task forces represent a
productive form of "cooperative federalism." Kami Chavis Simmons, Subverting
Symbolism: The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act
and Cooperative Federalism, 49 Am. Crim. L. Rev. 1863, 1899-900 (2012) (quoting
Tom Stacy & Kim Dayton, The Underfederalization of Crime, 6 Cornell J.L. & Pub.
Pol'y 247, 322-23 (1997)); see also id. at 1906-07 (citing federally funded
multijurisdictional task forces under the Safe Streets program as models for
pursuing crime-control objectives).





n308.  See Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 94-95 (discussing reasons why
"multijurisdictional drug task forces may elude meaningful oversight"); O'Hear,
supra note 40, at 879 (noting the lack of "political controls over local police
departments" that participate in drug task forces); Waxman, supra note 40, at
327 (noting that memoranda of understanding that delineate roles in terrorism
task forces are often unavailable).





n309.  See, e.g., Edmund F. McGarrell et al., Project Safe Neighborhoods - A
National Program to Reduce Gun Crime: Final Project Report, at iii-iv, 169
(2009) ("Interviews suggested that successful [Project Safe Neighborhoods] task
forces developed 'distributed leadership.'"); Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40,
at 94 ("Multijurisdictional drug task forces may elude meaningful oversight ...
[because] they are not tied to any local constituency."); Letter from American
Civil Liberties Union Coalition to Reps. John Conyers and Lamar Smith (June 17,
2008), available at
https://www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform/aclu-coalition-letter-house-judiciary-leade
rship-urging-them-not-reauthorize-byrne-j ("Drug task forces are federally
funded, state managed, and locally staffed, which means they really do not have
to answer to anyone.").





n310.  See Evaluation & Inspections Div., U.S. Dep't of Justice, No. I-2005-007,
The Department of Justice's Terrorism Task Forces 76-81 (2005) (criticizing the
fact that a large proportion of terrorism task force members never receive
orientation or training upon joining the task force, and quoting members who
indicate that this results in their inability to understand their role and the
chain of command); Michael Price, Brennan Ctr. for Justice, National Security
and Local Police 37 (2013) (noting that even when a memorandum of understanding
governing a task force specified that the task force must comply with state law,
it provided no mechanism for ensuring that it would do so).





n311.  See, e.g., Evaluation & Inspections Div., supra note 310, at iv, 81-82
(2005) (criticizing the fact that FBI joint terrorism and other task forces lack
memoranda of understanding allocating roles and responsibility to participants,
and noting that as a result, members "struggle to understand their role and
mission").





n312.  For an example of photos of such jackets, see Drug Task Force, Niagara
Cnty. Sheriff's Office, http://www.niagarasheriff.com/drugtask.aspx (last
visited Feb. 11, 2015), and for an example of a terrorism version, see Joint
Terrorism Task Force, U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement,
http://www.ice.gov/jttf/ (last visited Feb. 11, 2015).





n313.  Although joint task forces are especially good at blurring responsibility
for coercive activities by law enforcement, other federal laws and programs also
obscure lines of accountability for law enforcement activities. For instance,
several federal statutes allow a local police chief, on his own authority, to
give the FBI power within his jurisdiction to investigate crimes that violate
only state and not federal law. At his discretion, for example, a police chief
can give the FBI authorization to investigate serial killings, 28 U.S.C. § 540B
(2012), or a crime of violence targeting a visitor from another state, id. §
540A, or the killing of a police officer, id. § 540. These provisions permit law
enforcement officials to act without notifying or seeking approval from the
municipal government.





n314.  See Nat'l Ctr. for Justice Planning, supra note 42, at 4 (describing task
forces as emphasized in initial JAG funding and critical for drug crime
enforcement).





n315.  Id. at 1 (indicating that JAG funding has been around $ 500 million per
year); id. at 5 (noting that most states use JAG funding for task forces and
that task force spending accounts for 23% of all Byrne JAG formula spending).





n316.  Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces, U.S. Dep't of Justice,
http://www.justice.gov/criminal/taskforces/ocdetf.html (last visited Feb. 11,
2015).





n317.  In 2013, the DEA State and Local Task Force Program managed 259 state and
local task forces, for example. DEA Programs: State & Local Task Forces, U.S.
Drug Enforcement Admin., http://www.justice.gov/dea/ops/taskforces.shtml (last
visited Mar. 3, 2015).





n318.  See Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 50-51, 94 (describing
self-funding by task forces).





n319.  See Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-208, § 133, 110 Stat. 3009-546, 563-64 (1996) (codified as
amended at 8 U.S.C. § 1357(g) (2012)) (authorizing the Attorney General to enter
written agreements delegating functions of immigration officers in
investigation, apprehension, and detention of aliens to state and local
officers); Delegation of Immigration Authority Section 287(g) Immigration and
Nationality Act, U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement, http://www.ice.gov/287g
(last visited Feb. 11, 2015) (describing 287(g) as "one of ICE's top partnership
initiatives" and indicating that the program permits local law enforcement
agencies to receive delegated authority for immigration enforcement).





n320.  28 U.S.C. § 566(c) (2012); Gerard R. Murphy & Chuck Wexler, Managing a
Multijurisdictional Case: Identifying the Lessons Learned from the Sniper
Investigation 39-40 (2004).





n321.  Murphy & Wexler, supra note 320, at 39-40. The Attorney General may also
give local officers the power to carry firearms, execute search and arrest
warrants, make arrests without warrants, seize property, or carry out any other
law enforcement duty the Attorney General sees fit to designate. These transfers
of power are especially common in joint drug task forces. 21 U.S.C. § 878(a)
(2012). Federal equitable sharing has similar effect. The program allows local
police officers investigating state criminal violations (that are also
violations of federal law) to seize property that might not be forfeitable under
state law - for example, because of a higher standard of proof - in the
expectation that the seizure will be adopted federally. Thus, police officers
can seize property beyond what state law authorizes, invisibly empowered by
federal law.





n322.  See Tracey Kyckelhahn, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 236218, Justice
Expenditures and Employment, FY 1982-2007 - Statistical Tables 6 tbl.4 (2011)
(indicating that 70% or more of police protection expenditures were by local
governments in the years 1982-2007); Gaines & Worrall, supra note 290, at 421
("The police consume a large part of any jurisdiction's budget.").





n323.  See Gaines & Worrall, supra note 290, at 40 ("The municipal police
administrator is directly responsible to the mayor, city manager, and/or
council, since they determine the police department's budget and can mandate
changes through the budgetary process and through political persuasion.").





n324.  See James J. Fyfe et al., Police Administration 251-59 (5th ed. 1997)
(describing budgeting processes); id. at 251 (noting that agency budgets "are an
integral part of the government's managerial accountability process, serving as
both a fiscal plan and a managerial control device").





n325.  See id. at 259-60 (describing line item budgeting as the most common
method of police department funding and noting that it provides political actors
with "strong control over expenditures" allowing them to "shift or eliminate
items they consider excessive or inappropriate"); Gaines & Worrall, supra note
290, at 429 (noting that most governments and police departments use line-item
budgets in part because they give political officials "maximum control over
expenditures and agency heads").





n326.  Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 4; see also O'Hear,
supra note 40, at 864 ("Federal grants and equitable sharing insulate local drug
enforcement units from normal budgetary politics ... .").





n327.  See, e.g., Samuel Walker & Charles M. Katz, The Police in America: An
Introduction 64 (2011) (indicating that "personnel costs, including salaries and
fringe benefits, consume about 85 to 90 percent" of police department budgets).





n328.  See, e.g., Wyatt et al., supra note 223, at 1, 2 fig.2 (noting that 64%
of JAG grants are used for law enforcement and that they can fund "hiring and
maintaining staff [and] paying for overtime" as well as other activities); DEA
Programs: State & Local Task Forces, supra note 317 (describing the DEA State
and Local Task Force Program which "pays investigative overtime" to induce state
and local law enforcement participation).





n329.  A Ninth Circuit opinion, United States v. Reese, provides an example. The
court upheld the convictions of officers in a special drug suppression task
force created with federal funds within the Oakland Housing Authority Police
Department. United States v. Reese, 2 F.3d 870, 873-74, 897 (9th Cir. 1993). Six
new officers were hired for the task force, and the opinion provides an extended
account of the abuses of the unit, including excessive force, false arrest, and
racist and rude treatment of citizens. Id. at 874-80. The head of the unit, who
operated largely independently of the police department, explicitly advised that
his task force members "go out and kick ass," in order to develop statistics
that could be used to justify future federal funding. Id. at 874 (internal
quotation marks omitted).





n330.  Departments are encouraged to seek grants for this very reason. A website
popular with local police departments supplying information on grant funding
states as its primary reason for seeking grants: "You could always use more
money... . Well, grants are designed to do just that and there are grant
opportunities for everything from equipment to personnel and the training they
will need. A little research and time could mean that extra personnel request
the city council just turned down." 10 Reasons to Go for That Next Police Grant,
PoliceGrantsHelp.com,
http://www.policegrantshelp.com/news/3774362-10-reasons-to-go-for-that-next-poli
ce-grant (last visited Feb. 11, 2015).





n331.  Fyfe et al., supra note 324, at 256.





n332.  Asset Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, supra note 237, at 16-17.





n333.  See, e.g., 42 U.S.C. § 3796dd(g) (2012) (requiring that COPS grant awards
not pay for more than 75% of the funded activity and, with respect to hiring
grants, that this amount decrease over time to ensure increasing local funding).





n334.  Asset Forfeiture & Money Laundering Section, supra note 237, at 16-17.





n335.  See Blumenson & Nilsen, supra note 40, at 80-92 (arguing that asset
forfeiture frees police departments from congressional judgments about how
federal money should be spent).





n336.  See 10 U.S.C. § 2576a(b)(3) (2012) (requiring that the transfer of
defense equipment from the federal government to other agencies be made without
any federal expenditure).





n337.  See Exec. Office of the President, supra note 191, at 15 ("HSGP funds may
be used to facilitate the transport, receipt and storage of equipment from DOD's
1033 programs ... .").





n338.  See, e.g., Evans & Owens, supra note 88, at 193-94 (finding that COPS
grant recipients hired half as many officers as the funding was designed to
achieve and used some of the extra funding to increase the number of fire
fighters in the same communities).





n339.  See O'Hear, supra note 40, at 850 (noting that in-kind aid is harder for
local officials to offset).





n340.  See Samuel Walker, The New World of Police Accountability 5 (2005)
(describing common elements in § 14141 settlements); Harmon, Promoting, supra
note 121, at 18-19 (same). Ongoing structural reform also interferes with
ordinary local policymaking and control, at least in the short run, since it
mandates specific remedial measures and the resources to implement them.





n341.  See Harmon, Promoting, supra note 121, at 18-19 (noting common demands of
§ 14141 settlements).





n342.  Id. Since I described these core reforms in 2009, the Civil Rights
Division has continued to seek similar institutional changes in its § 14141
settlements. See, e.g., City of Newark and United States of America Agreement in
Principle 6-8, July 22, 2014, available at
http://www.justice.gov/crt/about/spl/documents/newark prinagree 7-22-14.pdf
(setting out similar requirements in a recent consent decree).





n343.  See, e.g., Ark. Code Ann. § 12-8-401 to -404 (2009) (forbidding use of
traffic enforcement for the purpose of raising revenue rather than protecting
public safety and setting presumptive limits on municipal revenue from highway
traffic tickets); Va. Code Ann. § 19.2-74 (2014) (requiring officers to issue
summons rather than make custodial arrests for some misdemeanor violations);
Wis. Stat. Ann. § 968.255 (West 2014) (restricting strip searches).





n344.  See Roger L. Goldman, Police Officer Decertification: Promoting Police
Professionalism Through State Licensing and the National Decertification Index,
Police Chief, Nov. 2014, at 40 (noting that states certify officers, decertify
officers for misconduct, have agencies known as Peace Officers Standards and
Training Commissions, specify selection standards for police officers, and
mandate training for the police).





n345.  See, e.g., O'Hear, supra note 40, at 851-52 (discussing ways federal
programs can undermine state drug enforcement policy).





n346.  See Jefferson E. Holcomb et al., Civil Asset Forfeiture, Equitable
Sharing, and Policing for Profit in the United States, 39 J. Crim. Just. 273,
273 (2011) (stating that all states permit forfeiture and forfeiture laws); id.
at 276 (indicating that state laws vary with respect to how difficult it is for
the government to seize property and prevail in forfeiture actions).





n347.  See id. at 276-78 (describing variation in state laws on the innocent
owner defense, standards of proof, and connection with criminal activity).





n348.  Id. at 276, 277 tbl.1.





n349.  See id. at 277 tbl.1 (listing states by the percentage of forfeiture
proceeds they permit to be given to law enforcement agencies).





n350.  See id. at 276-77, 277 tbl.2 (discussing variation in the innocent owner
defense).





n351.  See id. at 276 ("In some states, forfeiture laws are more restrictive,
meaning that it is more difficult for the government to prevail in forfeiture
actions.").





n352.  See id. at 280 (finding that law enforcement agencies in states with
generous forfeiture laws received substantially lower equitable sharing payments
than agencies in restrictive states, and noting that this corroborates earlier
research on the subject).





n353.  42 U.S.C. § 3796hh(b)(1), (c)(1)(A) (2012).





n354.  April M. Zeoli et al., A Summary and Analysis of Warrantless Arrest
Statutes for Domestic Violence in the United States, 26 J. Interpersonal
Violence 2812, 2825, 2826 tbl.2 (2011). Several other states prefer or mandate
arrest only in limited situations, such as when aggravating factors are present.
Id.





n355.  Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 35-21-107(b) (2013).





n356.  Others have noted similar effect. See Richman, supra note 16, at 406
(suggesting that federal involvement in local law enforcement could increase
local power relative to states).





n357.  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, Pub. L. No.
112-239 § 1089, 126 Stat. 1632, 1970-71 (amending 18 U.S.C.§§926B-926C (2012));
Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act Improvements Act of 2010, Pub. L. No.
111-272, 124 Stat. 2855 (amending 18 U.S.C. § 926B (2006)); Law Enforcement
Officers Safety Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-277, 118 Stat. 865 (codified as
amended at 18 U.S.C.§§926B-926C (2012)).





n358.  See 18 U.S.C. § 926B(a)-(b) (2012) (permitting officers to carry
concealed firearms "notwithstanding any other provision of the law of any State
or any political subdivision thereof," except to the degree the state permits
private property owners to restrict concealed firearms or the state restricts
possession on state property); id. § 926C (using the same preemption language
for a rule permitting retired law enforcement officers to carry concealed
firearms).





n359.  See Brian A. Reaves, U.S. Dep't of Justice, NCJ 222987, State and Local
Law Enforcement Training Academies, 2006, at 6 (2009) (indicating that nearly
all police training academies use state mandates to guide curriculum and citing
median hours for firearms and legal instruction among academies); id. at 13
app'x tbl.1 (indicating percentages of law enforcement training academies using
various firearms training methodologies); Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 806
(describing state agencies that establish requirements for training, including
firearms training).





n360.  For a recent summary of the existing variation, see Nicholas Duva, Gun
Laws Vary State by State: CNBC Explains, CNBC (Nov. 20, 2014, 8:47 AM),
http://www.cnbc.com/id/102102794#.





n361.  See Roderick M. Hills, Jr., The Political Economy of Cooperative
Federalism: Why State Autonomy Makes Sense and "Dual Sovereignty" Doesn't, 96
Mich. L. Rev. 813, 866 (1998) (describing lobbying by local and state actors to
influence federal programs); id. at 883 (describing intergovernmental
competition to influence Congress).





n362.  See, e.g., David A. Harris, The War on Terror, Local Police, and
Immigration Enforcement: A Curious Tale of Police Power in Post-9/11 America, 38
Rutgers L.J. 1, 6-8 (2006) (detailing state refusal to enforce federal
immigration law); Richman, supra note 16, at 407-10, 418-19 (describing friction
between federal and local officials over homeland security efforts after 9/11
and suggesting it represents a local ability to influence ongoing law
enforcement policy); Waxman, supra note 292, at 315-17 (describing local
pushback to post-9/11 national homeland security policy and noting that some
scholars view such pushback as evidence that "state and local governments can
operate as checks on federal policy").





n363.  Hills, supra note 361, at 878.





n364.  See Text of TRUST Acts, California TRUST Act,
http://www.catrustact.org/text-of-trust-acts.html (last visited Mar. 12, 2015)
(listing and linking to state and county policies resisting law enforcement
cooperation with Secure Communities).





n365.  See Hills, supra note 361, at 879 (describing state and local competition
for federal funds).





n366.  Id. at 876.





n367.  See 18 U.S.C. § 926B(a)-(b) (2012) (applying general concealed-carry rule
"notwithstanding any other provision of the law of any State or any political
subdivision thereof," except those that "permit private persons or entities to
prohibit or restrict the possession of concealed firearms on their property" or
"prohibit or restrict the possession of firearms on ... government property").





n368.  See S. Rep. 108-29, at pts.v, ix, x (2003) (describing proposed
amendments not in the final bill).





n369.  See Christopher N. Lasch, Resistance to Secure Communities Continues to
Grow - King County (Washington) Passes Ordinance Restricting Immigration
Detainer Compliance, ImmigrationProf Blog (Dec. 6, 2013),
http://lawprofessors.typepad.com/immigration/2013/12/resistance-to-secure-commun
ities-continues-to-growking-county-washington-passes-ordinance-restrictin.html
(listing state and local ordinances and policies seeking to limit compliance
with federal immigration detainers issued pursuant to Secure Communities).





n370.  See U.S. Dep't of Homeland Sec., supra note 183, at 11 ("[A Secure
Communities] jurisdiction cannot choose to have the fingerprints it submits to
the federal government processed only for criminal history checks. Further,
jurisdictions cannot demand that the identifications that result from DHS's
processing of the fingerprints not be shared with local ICE field offices in
that jurisdiction."); Memorandum from Riah Ramlogan, Deputy Principal Legal
Advisor, U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement, to Beth N. Gibson, Assistant
Deputy Dir., U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement 1 (Oct. 2, 2010), available
at http://images.politico.com/global/2012/01/icefoiaoptoutdocs.pdf (stating that
program is mandatory).





n371.  Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 762.





n372.  See id. at 811-16 (describing the essential federal role in ensuring that
local policing protects civil rights); Harmon, Limited Leverage, supra note 62,
at 53-54 (discussing the essential federal role in ensuring adequate information
about policing).





n373.  See Harmon, Problem, supra note 2, at 811-16 (discussing the importance
of federal civil rights programs).





n374.  Daniel Richman has already pointed in this direction. See Richman, supra
note 16, at 421 (suggesting that local police departments can sometimes help
promote civil rights when those rights arise in "interactions with the local
community that have little to do with their ordinary order maintenance or
crime-fighting responsibilities").


                               2 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: Middle Class Economics: Supporting Latino Families

LENGTH: 9481  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President's 2016 Budget is designed to bring middle class economics into the
21st Century. This Budget shows what we can do if we invest in America's future
and commit to an economy that rewards hard work, generates rising incomes, and
allows everyone to share in the prosperity of a growing America. It lays out a
strategy to strengthen our middle class and help America's hard-working families
get ahead in a time of relentless economic and technological change. And it
makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and sustain economic growth
in the long run, including in research, education, training, and infrastructure.

These proposals will help working families feel more secure with paychecks that
go further, help American workers upgrade their skills so they can compete for
higher-paying jobs, and help create the conditions for our businesses to keep
generating good new jobs for our workers to fill, while also fulfilling our most
basic responsibility to keep Americans safe. We will make these investments, and
end the harmful spending cuts known as sequestration, by cutting inefficient
spending and reforming our broken tax code to make sure everyone pays their fair
share. We can do all this while also putting our Nation on a more sustainable
fiscal path. The Budget achieves about $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction,
primarily from reforms to health programs, our tax code, and immigration.

The U.S. economy is recovering: in 2014, the economy added more jobs than in any
full calendar year since the 1990s, and the unemployment rate fell. In December
2014, the unemployment rate for Latino Americans fell to 6.5 percent, down 6.6
percentage points from March 2010 when it reached its highest level as a result
of the Great Recession. But while the unemployment rate among Latino Americans
has dropped significantly, it remains well above the national average and far
too high overall. The Administration believes we should be doing everything we
can to ensure that Latino Americans have the opportunity to share in the
Nation's economic prosperity. Additionally, the Budget takes a number of steps
to support and create opportunity for Latino families, including: fixing our
broken immigration system; investing in the President's vision of making access
to high quality preschool available to every four-year old child; improving
health care delivery; and free community college.

EQUIPPING EVERY AMERICAN WITH A HIGH-QUALITY EDUCATION

Expanding Access to High-Quality Early Childhood Education. High-quality child
care and early education for young children serves two important functions: it
supports parents in the workforce and it helps support healthy child development
and school readiness. The Budget expands access to high-quality early childhood
education while also investing in innovation and evaluation to continue to build
the evidence base about what works for our youngest learners. The Budget:

Expands access to quality, affordable child care. The Administration proposes a
historicinvestment in child care to ensure that quality, affordable care is
available to all eligible low-and moderate-income working families with young
children, as opposed to the small share ofchildren who receive this help today.
This proposal will expand access to high-quality care formore than 1.1 million
additional children under age four by 2025 and help States build a supplyof
quality care that families can access. The Budget also includes funding to help
Statesimplement the changes required by the new bipartisan Child Care and
Development Block Grant Act of 2014 and for competitive pilot projects to
develop, implement, and evaluate innovate models of providing care that meet the
needs of working families.

 Cuts taxes for families paying for child care with a credit of up to $3,000 per
child. The Budget triples the maximum Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit
(CDCTC) for families with children under age five and makes the full CDCTC
available to families with incomes of up to $120,000, benefiting families with
young children, older children, and dependents who are elderly or have
disabilities. Meanwhile, the Budget would eliminate tax preferences for flexible
spending accounts (FSAs) for child care expenses, which are poorly targeted and
complex, reinvesting the savings in the improved CDCTC. The child care tax
reforms would benefit 5.1 million families, helping them cover costs for 6.7
million children.

 Increases the duration of Head Start programs and invests in high quality
infant and toddler care. The Budget expands access to high-quality care for tens
of thousands of additional infants and toddlers through Early Head Start-Child
Care Partnerships, and provides over $1 billion in additional funding for Head
Start to make sure children are served in full-day, full-year programs that
research shows lead to better outcomes for children.

 Supports universal preschool. The Preschool for All initiative, in partnership
with the States, provides all four-year-olds from low- and moderate-income
families with access to high-quality preschool, while encouraging States to
expand those programs to reach additional children from middle-class families
and establish full-day kindergarten policies.

 Lays the groundwork for Preschool for All. The Budget provides $750 million for
the Department of Education's Preschool Development Grants, a substantial
increase of $500 million over the 2015 level. Preschool Development Grants are
currently helping 18 States develop and expand high-quality preschool programs
in targeted communities; the Budget will increase that number to over 40 States.


 Invests in voluntary, evidence-based home visiting. The Budget extends and
expands evidence-based, voluntary home visiting programs, building on research
showing that home visits by a nurse, social worker, or other professional during
pregnancy and in the early years of life can significantly reduce child abuse
and neglect, improve parenting, and promote child development and school
readiness.

 Advancing K-12 Reforms through Programs Showing Results. Over the past six
years, the Administration has worked with States and school districts to help
all children meet rigorous college- and career ready standards. To reach that
goal, the Administration has promoted evidence-based initiatives that improve
low-performing schools and support effective teaching and school leadership.
Forty-eight states and the District of Columbia have raised standards for
learning in their schools and are supporting the hard work teachers and
principals are doing to enable their students to succeed. Innovation, data
analysis, and evaluation have been key to these efforts. And, the signs of
progress are clear: the high school graduation rate is the highest on record and
students are making academic gains.

The Budget continues to invest in priority education programs, in ways that will
make a difference for students. The Budget:

Ensures Equity of Opportunity. Title I is the Department of Education's largest
K-12 grant program and the cornerstone of its commitment to supporting
low-income schools with the funding necessary to provide high-need students with
access to an excellent education. The Budget provides $15.4 billion, a $1
billion increase, for this program. In addition, the Budget proposes $100
million to support districts that are using their Federal formula funds for
evidence-based interventions, and includes a pilot opportunity for districts
that equitably distribute State, local and Federal funds to schools to receive
relief from federal reporting and fiscal requirements

 Improves Outcomes for Students with Disabilities. The Budget includes $11.7
billion for Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) grants to States,
a $175 million increase, to help states pay the additional costs of special
education, and implement a new "Results Driven Accountability" system that will
ensure districts focus on improving outcomes for students with disabilities.

 Supports our Teachers. To build on the major reforms States have made in their
teacher and principal evaluation policies, the Budget directs $3 billion towards
the goals of preparing teachers for success in the classroom and supporting that
success throughout their career. This investment includes $200 million for an
improved Education Technology State Grants program focused on providing
educators with training and support to maximize the impact of expanded access to
technology to provide high-quality, personalized instruction to students. The
Budget also supports a companion initiative funded at $1 billion annually for
five years in mandatory funding that will support bold, comprehensive State and
local efforts to attract the best candidates to the teaching profession and
prepare them for the demands of the classroom, while also creating a culture of
excellence and professional growth for teachers throughout their careers.

 Builds Evidence and Encouraging Innovation. The Budget funds the Investing in
Innovation program at $300 million, a $180 million increase over 2015 enacted,
to develop and test effective practices and provide better information to States
and districts on what works in key areas such as implementing college- and
career-ready standards, using data to inform instruction and personalize
learning, and improving low-performing schools.

 Creates Great Schools. A new $125 million competitive program will promote the
re-design of America's high schools by integrating deeper learning,
student-centered instruction, and career-related experiences, with a particular
focus on science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) themed high schools
that expand opportunities for girls and other groups underrepresented in STEM
fields. The Budget invests $556 million, a $50 million increase over 2015
enacted, in School Improvement Grants, to expand the use of evidence-based
approaches to turning around our lowest performing schools, including high
schools with unacceptably low graduation rates. The Budget also provides $375
million for Charter Schools, an additional $122 million, to significantly
increase the expansion and replication of high-quality charter schools in
high-need communities.

 Implements Neighborhood-based Strategies. The Budget provides $150 million to
support current Promise Neighborhoods and create up to 25 more to support local
partnerships to develop and implement comprehensive, neighborhood-based plans
for meeting the cradle-to-career educational, health, and social service needs
of children and families in high-poverty communities

 Improves STEM Education. The Budget invests $3 billion to improve STEM
education across the government. This includes $202 million for Department of
Education's K-12 Math and Science Partnerships and $135 million for improving
undergraduate education at the National Science Foundation.

 Keeps Our Schools Safe. The Budget continues support for the President's plan
to reduce gun violence and increase school safety, by providing more than $80
million to help schools create safer and more nurturing school climates through
evidence-based behavioral intervention practices, provide support and services
to children exposed to pervasive violence, and provide technical assistance and
disseminate best practices on school safety and climate.

Making a High-Quality College Education More Affordable. An estimated two-thirds
of job openings will require some postsecondary education and training by 2020.
The President has placed a high priority on making college affordable and
helping Americans obtain a meaningful college certificate or degree. Beginning
in 2009, the Administration has increased the maximum Pell Grant by more than
$1,000, to $5,775 in school year 2015-16, and provided additional tax benefits
to help families pay for college. The Administration ended subsidies to banks
under the guaranteed student loan program and reinvested those savings to help
more students and families afford college with increased funding to the Pell
Grant program. In addition, the Administration has expanded income-driven
repayment options, such as the President's Pay As You Earn plan, to help more
borrowers manage their student loan debt. In 2013, the Department of Education
introduced the College Scorecard to provide critical information about college
value to assist prospective students and their families in the college search
and selection process, and the President announced the development of a college
ratings system to identify colleges providing the best value and encourage all
colleges to improve.

The Budget builds on this progress and charts a path forward on the President's
plan to make college more affordable. The Budget:

Provides Tuition-Free Community College for Responsible Students. The
President's America's College Promise proposal makes community college free for
responsible students, enabling them to earn a certificate, an associate's degree
or up to two years' worth of credits towards a bachelor's degree without paying
any tuition or fees. Everyone will be required to do their part: 1) states must
invest more in higher education and training 2) community colleges must
strengthen their programs and increase the number of students who graduate, and
3) students must take responsibility for their education, earn good grades, and
stay on track to graduate. Students would continue to qualify for federal
student aid (including Pell grants), which could help cover other costs of
attendance, such as books, supplies, housing, and transportation.

 Ensures that Pell Grants Keep Pace with Inflation. Pell Grants are central to
our efforts to help low and moderate income students afford college. In the
2014-15 award year, Pell Grants provided an estimated $31 billion in college aid
to 8.2 million students. Since 2013, Pell Grants have been adjusted for
inflation annually, but unless Congress acts, this will end in 2017 and the
value of Pell Grants will start to erode, making it even harder for families to
afford college.

The Budget addresses this, supporting the continued indexing of Pell Grants, to
ensure that their value is not eroded by inflation.

Keeps Student Loans Manageable. The Administration is helping student borrowers
with existing debt manage their obligations through income-driven repayment
plans, such as the Pay-As-You-Earn (PAYE) plan, which cap student loan payments
at 10 percent of monthly discretionary income. The Department of Education has
contacted struggling borrowers to make sure they are aware of these new options,
and ensured that they have the information they need to choose the best one to
help them responsibly manage their debt. The Budget proposes to extend PAYE to
all student borrowers and reform the PAYE terms to ensure that the program is
well-targeted and to safeguard the program for the future.

 Simplifies Education Tax Benefits for All Students and Families. While the
creation of the American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC) in 2009 made college more
affordable for millions of students and their families, our system of tax
incentives for higher education is complex, and families are sometimes unable to
take full advantage of the benefits. Building on bipartisan reform proposals,
the Budget would simplify, consolidate, and better target tax-based financial
aid. It would cut taxes for 8.5 million families and students, simplify taxes
for the more than 25 million families and students that claim education tax
benefits, and provide students working toward a college degree with up to $2,500
of assistance each year for five years.

 Supports Minority Serving Institutions and College Access for Minority Youth.
The Budget sustains funding for Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for
Undergraduate Programs (GEAR UP) and increases funding for TRIO. These programs
help disadvantaged students prepare for, enroll, and complete postsecondary
education. The increase in funding would support a TRIO Demonstration Initiative
to test new approaches to foster college success. The Budget also provides a 30
percent set-aside for Minority-Serving Institutions in the $200 million First in
the World competition to drive innovations in higher education that increase
college completion, value, and affordability.

 Drives Performance and Innovation in Higher Education. To drive performance and
improve outcomes in higher education, the Budget: o Expands the First in the
World fund to $200 million, to identify and expand promising and evidenced-based
innovations and practices at colleges and universities across the country to
dramatically improve educational outcomes for all students and make college more
affordable;

o Provides new College Opportunity and Graduation Bonuses to reward colleges
that successfully enroll and graduate a significant number of low- and
moderate-income students;

o Proposes a new $200 million CTE Innovation Fund to create the American
Technical Training Fund, which would provide competitive grants to support the
development, operation and expansion of evidence-based training programs, in
partnership with industry, for skilled jobs in high-demand fields that provide a
path to the middle class for low-income individuals; and

o Strengthens academic progress requirements in the Pell Grant program to
encourage students to complete their studies on time.

TRAINING WORKERS FOR HIGH-DEMAND JOBS AND CAREERS

As our economy changes we need to ensure that the Nation's workers have the
skills they need to succeed in family-supporting jobs. The Administration builds
on the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) with
investments that connect workers with good jobs, prepare workers with the skills
employers need, and partner with employers to create more on-the-job training
and apprenticeship opportunities so workers can learn the skills they need for
better, higher-paying jobs and earn wages while they are training.

Creating Pathways to High-Growth Jobs. Last year, Congress came together and
passed important improvements to the Nation's job training system with the
bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). To build on this
progress, the Budget increases funding for the core WIOA grants and provides
$1.2 billion, a $500 million increase over the 2015 enacted level, to support
in-person employment services for unemployed workers to help them find a good
job or the training or services they need prepare for one. This investment would
reach the one-third of unemployment insurance beneficiaries who are most likely
to run out of benefits before getting reemployed, all returning veterans who
receive unemployment benefits, and other displaced workers who come into
American Job Centers. Evidence suggests that these types of services are a
cost-effective intervention that get workers back into jobs faster, and help
employers to fill their in-demand jobs. For workers who need job training to get
back on their feet, the Budget provides $16 billion over ten years to double the
number of workers receiving training through the workforce development system.
This training would focus on industries that are expected to experience
significant growth in the coming decades, such as health care, energy, advanced
manufacturing, transportation and logistics, cybersecurity, and information
technology. Additional funding would also be available to provide training,
subsidized employment and need-based stipends for the long-term unemployed.

Spreading the Development and Adoption of Industry-Validated Credentials. The
Budget provides $500 million for Industry Credentialing and Career Pathways
Grants, including $300 million specifically targeted at information technology
jobs. These grants would be competitively awarded to create employer-validated
credentials where they do not yet exist, drive additional employer uptake of
credentials that do exist, and develop curricula and assessments that lead to
the credential. Grants would be awarded to employer collaboratives in
partnership with the workforce system, post-secondary institutions such as
community colleges, and other innovative education and training providers.

Modernizing the Unemployment Insurance Safety Net. The Budget proposes a
cost-neutral suite of reforms to modernize the Unemployment Insurance (UI)
program, which provides critical income support to those who are unemployed
through no fault of their own. These reforms will improve the connection to work
by incentivizing states to provide more training, subsidized jobs, reemployment
services, and relocation assistance. The reforms would also improve the solvency
of State programs, reach more workers who lose their jobs, and make the UI
program more targeted and responsive in unfolding economic downturns by
implementing an Extended Benefits program that provides added benefits as soon
as a State experiences a sharp rise in unemployment.

Supporting Work Opportunities for Low-Income Out-of Work Parents and Youths. The
Budget proposes to redirect $573 million in annual Temporary Assistance for
Needy Families (TANF) funding to a Pathways to Jobs initiative, which will
support State partnerships with employers to provide subsidized job
opportunities for low-income individuals. This proved in recent years to be an
effective strategy for getting disadvantaged adults back into the workforce, and
the Budget proposes to build on that success.

Reforming Federal Job Training to Better Connect Workers with Good Jobs. In last
year's State of the Union, the President asked Vice President Biden to lead an
across-the-board review of America's job training programs to ensure they share
a single mission: providing workers with the skills they need to secure good
jobs that are ready to be filled. In July, after engaging with business, labor,
and the workforce community, the Vice President delivered a report that details
specific actions that the Administration is taking and can take in the future as
a result of this review. Specifically, the Administration has created a
job-driven checklist that will guide administrative action to ensure that what's
working best becomes what all Americans can expect when they participate in a
federally funded training program. The checklist includes best practices such as
engaging with employers in training partnerships to fill in-demand jobs in
growing fields, expanding on-the-job training and apprenticeships, and using
data to guide smarter choices and achieve better employment outcomes. The
Administration already awarded over $1 billion in competitive grants to
organizations last year that applied this checklist, channeling training
resources to growing sectors. For example, over $300 million was awarded to
partnerships to train and hire for in-demand IT occupations. Additionally, the
Administration is working to incorporate the checklist into existing programs
and grants. For example, training for vocational rehabilitation counselors now
includes training in employer engagement and use of labor market information to
identify in-demand fields.

Improving Employment Outcomes for HUD-Assisted Households. The Budget increases
job training and financial incentives to help public housing residents secure
employment and increase their earnings through the Department of Housing and
Urban Development's (HUD) Jobs-Plus program, which has been shown to boost
annual incomes by $1,300 on average. The Budget provides $100 million for
Jobs-Plus to target assistance to approximately 20,000 individuals, or about
15,000 more than in 2015. The request includes up to $15 million to implement a
demonstration of the Jobs-Plus model in Indian Country. The Budget also provides
$85 million for the Family Self-Sufficiency (FSS) program to link HUD-assisted
households with job training, child care, transportation, financial literacy and
other supportive services, and help them build assets through interest-bearing
escrow accounts.

Expanding Technical Training Programs at Community Colleges for Middle Class
Jobs in Communities. Community colleges, like those in Tennessee and Texas, that
build strong employer partnerships and offer training in in-demand fields are
creating career pathways to the middle class. The Budget requests $200 million
for a new American Technical Training Fund to create or expand innovative,
evidence-based job training programs in high-demand fields that provide a path
to the middle class. Projects would emphasize strong employer partnerships,
work-based learning opportunities, accelerated training, and flexible scheduling
for students to accommodate part-time work. Programs could be created within
current community colleges, other innovative, non-traditional training
providers, or these entities in partnership with secondary programs. This
initiative would be housed in the Career and Technical Education Innovation
Fund, jointly administered by the Department of Education and the Department of
Labor and builds on the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career
Training Grants (for which 2014 was the final year of funding).

PROVIDING ASSISTANCE TO VULNERABLE POPULATIONS AND INVESTING IN THE HARDEST-HIT
COMMUNITIES

Preventing Hunger. The Administration strongly supports the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and other programs that reduce hunger and
help families meet their nutritional needs. SNAP is the cornerstone of our
Nation's nutrition assistance safety net, touching the lives of nearly 47
million Americans, the majority of whom are children, the elderly, or people
with disabilities. Recent research has shown that SNAP not only helps families
put food on the table, but it has a positive long-term impact on children's
health and education outcomes. In addition to supporting SNAP, the Budget also
invests $67 million to support summer electronic benefit transfer (EBT) pilots,
which are proving successful in reducing childhood hunger and improving
nutrition in the months when school meals are unavailable.

Supporting Healthy Eating. The Budget supports the ongoing implementation of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 with an investment of $35 million in
school equipment grants, $10 million above the 2015 enacted level, to aid in the
provision of healthy meals. The Budget provides $6.6 billion to support the 8.5
million individuals expected to participate in the Special Supplemental
Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), which is critical to
the health of pregnant women, new mothers, infants, and young children. The
Budget also provides funding for the Administration's Healthy Food Financing
Initiative to increase the availability of affordable, healthy food options in
underserved communities, including $35 million in grants through the Department
of the Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, and $13
million through USDA's Healthy Food Financing Initiative authorized by the
Agricultural Act of 2014, which more than doubles Government-wide support above
the 2015 enacted level.

Supporting Affordable Rental Housing for 4.7 million Families. Housing
assistance not only helps families make ends meet, it can help families move to
communities with greater opportunities and can increase housing stability. The
Budget includes $21.1 billion for the Housing Choice Voucher program ($1.8
billion more than the 2015 enacted level) to help approximately 2.4 million
low-income families afford decent housing in neighborhoods of their choice. In
addition to supporting all existing vouchers, the Budget provides funding to
restore approximately 67,000 incremental vouchers lost in 2013 due to
sequestration, including new vouchers to provide housing assistance to families,
veterans, and tribal families experiencing homelessness, victims of domestic or
dating violence, youth aging out of foster care, and families with children in
the foster care system for whom assistance could facilitate reunification. HUD
will work with the appropriate agencies so that wraparound services are provided
to these populations. The Budget also includes $10.8 billion for the
Project-Based Rental Assistance program to maintain affordable rental housing
for 1.2 million families, and $6.5 billion in operating and capital subsidies to
preserve affordable public housing for 1.1 million families, an increase of $0.2
billion over the 2015 enacted level. Further, the Budget provides $50 million
for the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD), which leverages private financing
to reduce backlogs of capital repairs. These funds will be targeted to public
housing properties in high-poverty neighborhoods, including designated Promise
Zones, where the Administration is also supporting comprehensive revitalization
efforts.

Ending Homelessness. In partnership with communities across the country, the
Administration has made significant progress toward the President's ambitious
goals of ending homelessness, especially among veterans. Major cities, including
Salt Lake City, Utah and Phoenix, Arizona, have ended chronic homelessness among
veterans. And in January, New Orleans, Louisiana became the first major

American city to end veteran homelessness entirely. Nationally, veteran
homelessness is down 33 percent and the total number of people experiencing
chronic homelessness on a single night is down 21 percent from 2010 to 2014.

With continued focus from Federal, state and local partners, we are on a path to
end veteran homelessness by the end of 2015. The Budget includes $2.5 billion
for HUD's Homeless Assistance Grants, which will support 15,000 additional
families through rapid rehousing and an estimated 25,500 new units of permanent
supportive housing targeted to the chronically homeless. These funds, in
coordination with the targeted special purpose Housing Choice Vouchers, will
support the Administration's efforts to end chronic homelessness in 2017 and to
make significant progress in ending homelessness across all other populations.

Partnering With Communities to Expand Opportunity. The Budget supports the
Administration's Promise Zones initiative, which forms partnerships among the
Federal Government, local communities, and businesses to create jobs; increase
economic security; expand educational opportunities; increase access to quality,
affordable housing; and improve public safety. The President named the first
five Promise Zones in 2014 and will designate an additional 15 Zones by the end
of calendar year 2016. In support of Promise Zones, the Budget requests $250
million for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Choice
Neighborhoods program and $150 million for the Department of Education's Promise
Neighborhoods program. The Budget also includes Promise Zone tax incentives to
stimulate growth and investments in targeted communities, such as tax credits
for hiring workers and incentives for capital investment within the Zones.

The Budget also includes $50 million for the Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
community facilities grants program to address ongoing needs and emerging
priorities, including Promise Zones, Energy Sector Transition, Generation
Indigenous, and Strike Force Communities. The community facilities program
targets grants and direct loans to rural communities with fewer than 20,000
residents. These funds will allow USDA to be responsive to new needs in in
communities across rural American and target them in a flexible way. In
addition, the Budget includes $2.2 billion in community facilities direct loans.

Building Ladders of Opportunity for Boys and Young Men. Last year the President
launched My Brother's Keeper, a new initiative to address persistent opportunity
gaps faced by boys and young men of color and ensure that all young people can
reach their full potential. An interagency task force is working to improve how
the Federal Government's own policies and programs can better support these
efforts. Hundreds of local governments, philanthropies, and local businesses
have responded to the President's call to action to implement their own
cradle-to-college-and-career strategies for improving the life outcomes of all
young people to ensure that they can reach their full potential, regardless of
who they are, where they come from, or the circumstances into which they are
born. The Budget provides support for many efforts that will help achieve the
goals of the My Brother's Keeper initiative, including youth jobs programs,
juvenile justice reforms, initiatives to curb the high school dropout rate for
disconnected youth, investments in community college and efforts to improve
postsecondary education success, and technical assistance to communities working
to improve life outcomes to put all youth in America on a path to success.

Supporting Children and Youth in Foster Care. As part of the Administration's
efforts to provide support for stable homes and strong support structures for
vulnerable children and youth, the Budget includes a package of proposals to
help improve the lives of children and youth in foster care and to help them
reach their full potential. The Budget includes $1.4 billion in new mandatory
funding to provide preventative services to vulnerable families and children to
address hardships early, keeping more children out of foster care and with their
families, to promote family-based care for children with behavioral and mental
health needs to reduce the use of congregate care and ensure it is used only
when necessary, and for tribes to build their child welfare infrastructure and
for tribal children and youth removed from their homes to remain in their
communities. Additionally, the Budget includes $50 million in new discretionary
funding to develop best practices for child protection investigations, to
provide comprehensive services to youth in the child welfare system who are
victims of or at-risk of human trafficking, and to build capacity and strengthen
the services of tribal and rural child welfare systems.

Promoting Self-sufficiency. The Budget proposes an Upward Mobility Project which
will allow up to 10 communities, states, or consortia of states and communities
more flexibility to combine funds from up to four existing block grant programs
that are currently designed to promote opportunity and economic development but
do not facilitate cross-sector planning and implementation as effectively as
they could. These projects will test and validate promising and evidence-based
approaches to help families become more self-sufficient, improve children's
outcomes, and revitalize communities so they can provide more opportunities for
their residents. The Budget provides $1.5 billion in additional competitive
funding over five years to help support Upward Mobility Projects.

INVESTING IN PUBLIC SAFETY AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM

Supporting President's "Now is the Time" Initiative. The Budget supports the
"Now is the Time" initiative, the President's plan to protect our children and
communities by reducing gun violence through additional background checks,
inspections of Federally-licensed firearms dealers, improved tracing and
ballistics analysis, and efforts to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous
criminals. The Budget provides training for State and local law enforcement to
prevent and respond to active shooters and prevent mass casualties, and
continues the Comprehensive School Safety Program and other initiatives to
enhance school security. The Budget also expands access to mental health
services for young people by training more behavioral health care providers and
investing in programs that identify mental health issues early and refer those
in need to help.

Reforming Our Criminal Justice System with the "Smart on Crime" Initiative. The
Administration continues to advance the Department of Justice's (DOJ) Smart on
Crime initiative, which was announced in 2013 and is designed to promote
fundamental criminal justice system reforms that will improve public safety,
save money, and ensure the fair enforcement of Federal laws. The Budget supports
this initiative by providing additional funding for a dedicated Prevention and
Reentry Coordinator in each U.S. Attorneys' office, while also expanding
pre-trial diversion programs, such as reentry and drug courts, that ensure
better and more just outcomes for low-level offenders who deserve a
pre-incarceration second chance. The Budget also includes funding for research
to evaluate the efficacy of these programs using metrics that measure the
effects of the Smart on Crime initiative.

Reducing Crime and Recidivism. The Administration is committed to a
comprehensive strategy to contain incarceration costs over the long term by
facilitating inmates' transition into society in order to reduce recidivism
rates, increase public safety, and strengthen communities.

The Budget takes steps to address the cycle of incarceration by investing
additional resources in the Bureau of Prisons' (BOP) evidence-based re-entry
programs. These investments include: $110 million to increase mental health
staff, expand the sex offender programs, and provide cognitive behavioral
treatment and additional residential re-entry center beds; $5 million to support
a new broader reentry program that reaches out to offenders' children and
families to strengthen familial bonds, which are critical for helping inmates
transitioning back home; and $20 million to award innovative reentry programs in
BOP facilities. In addition, the Budget nearly doubles investment in the Second
Chance Act Grant program to reduce recidivism and help those exiting the justice
system rejoin their communities and lead productive lives.

ENSURING ACCESS TO QUALITY, AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE

Implementing the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act ensures that
families can access high-quality, affordable coverage, providing health
insurance to millions of Americans who would otherwise be uninsured. Efficiently
and effectively implementing the law is one of the Administration's highest
priorities. Millions of families across the country are enrolling in either
private insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace or coverage through
Medicaid. Americans have the security of knowing that if they want to change
jobs or start their own business, they will have access to health insurance for
their family. Additionally, premium tax credits and cost sharing assistance are
making coverage affordable.

Maintaining Affordable, High-Quality Primary and Preventive Care. Across the
United States, 1,300 health centers operate over 9,000 primary care sites that
serve as high-quality, dependable sources of primary care services in
communities. The Budget invests $4.2 billion, including $2.7 billion in new
mandatory resources, in the Health Centers program in 2016 to support services
for an estimated 28.6 million patients. In total, the Budget provides $8.1
billion in new mandatory resources over three years to support health centers.
Approximately 35 percent of health centers patients are of Hispanic/Latino
ethnicity.

Extending the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP). The Children's Health
Insurance Program (CHIP) currently serves over 8 million children of working
parents who are not eligible for Medicaid. The Budget proposes to extend funding
for CHIP, which ends in 2015, through 2019, ensuring continued, comprehensive,
affordable coverage for these children.

SUPPORTING MINORITY BUSINESSES

Supporting Minority Businesses. The Budget includes $30 million for the Minority
Business Development Agency (MBDA) to provide counseling, training, and
technical assistance to minority business owners. These services will help these
business owners create jobs, improve local economies, and expand into global
markets. In 2014, the Small Business Administration approved 4,267 loans
totaling nearly $1.3 billion to 3,915 Hispanic-owned small businesses.

Spurring Economic Growth and Job Creation by Providing Access to Capital. To
encourage economic growth and job creation, the Budget supports $21 billion in
Section 7(a) loan guarantees, which support more than 57,000 loans to help small
businesses operate and grow; including continued efforts to waive fees on small
dollar and veteran-owned borrowers; $7.5 billion in guaranteed lending under the
504 Certified Development Company (CDC) program to finance more than 10,000
loans to small businesses for commercial real estate and heavy machinery
purchases; and $35 million in direct microloans to assist more than 550 small
businesses in getting started and expanding.

Additionally, the Budget supports $4 billion in guarantees for the Small
Business Investment Company (SBIC) program at no cost to taxpayers, to enable
SBICs to continue to invest in high-growth and impact-oriented small businesses
that create jobs and strengthen communities.

The President's Budget proposes a new authorization of $1.5 billion for
Treasury's State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI) to provide another,
innovative source of needed capital to America's diverse community of
entrepreneurs. This will build on the momentum of the program's first round,
enabling States to continue to innovate around their means of assistance, and
strengthen the Federal government's relationships with state economic
development agencies. The additional $1.5 billion will be awarded through two
allocations: $1 billion awarded on a competitive basis to states best able to
target local small business and startup market needs, promote inclusion, attract
private capital for startup and scale up businesses, strengthen regional
entrepreneurial ecosystems, and evaluate results; and $500 million awarded to
States by formula based on economic factors such as job losses and pace of
economic recovery. SSBCI is already achieving results: from FY 2011 through FY
2013 SSBCI programs in all 50 states supported lending and investments of $4.1
billion to more than 8,500 small businesses across the country - creating or
saving more than 95,000 American jobs, as reported by the small businesses who
received the loans and investments.

The Budget also proposes to extend the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program and provides
$1 billion in commitment authority to provide access to affordable, long-term
credit to fund large economic development projects such as multi-family rental
properties, charter schools, and health care centers in low-income communities.
The program's financing injects substantial and much-needed capital into our
Nation's most distressed communities - helping to improve access to capital that
expands options for affordable housing, education, and healthcare. These
benefits will be realized at no cost to taxpayers because the program requires
no subsidy.

Combatting Financial Fraud and Promoting Innovation. Ensuring honest and fair
competition and protecting the rights and property of citizens are paramount to
our economy and American competitiveness. The Budget maintains support to
investigate and prosecute financial and mortgage fraud, and counter intellectual
property crimes.

PROVIDING SECURITY FOR AMERICAN WORKERS AND RETIREES

Raising the Minimum Wage. In a Nation as wealthy as the United States, far too
many workers are living below the poverty line. Over the past 30 years, modest
minimum wage increases have not kept pace with the higher costs of basic
necessities for working families. The Administration supports raising the
minimum wage so hard-working Americans can earn enough to support their families
and make ends meet. Many companies, from small businesses to large corporations,
also see higher wages as the right way to boost productivity, reduce turnover,
and increase profits. Raising the minimum wage is good for workers, their
families, and the economy.

Since the President made his initial call to raise the minimum wage in the 2013
State of the Union, 17 States and the District of Columbia, as well as cities
and businesses across the country, have taken action to raise wages which will
benefit 7 million workers. The President is calling on States, cities, and
businesses to follow that lead and help raise wages for millions of additional
workers and for Congress to finally act so that no one who works full time lives
in poverty. Raising the federal minimum wage to ten dollars and ten cents an
hour would benefit 28 million American workers including Latinos who account for
a quarter of current minimum wage workers. Additionally, the President will
propose steps to ensure that our minimum wage laws are enforced. Currently, some
of the penalties against employers who fail to pay their workers a minimum wage
are not strong enough to deter violations. Some studies have even found that it
is cheaper for firms not to comply with minimum wage laws, even when firms know
they will be caught. In response, the President will propose strengthening
penalties against employers who jeopardize workers' health, safety, wages, right
to family and medical leave and retirement security. This includes levying
larger penalties against employers that intentionally keep fraudulent wage and
hour records or no records at all, which is-- of the ways irresponsible
employers game the system to cheat their workers out of hard-earned wages.

Protecting the Health, Safety, Wages, Working Conditions, and Retirement of
American Workers. The Budget includes nearly $1.9 billion for the Department of
Labor's worker protection agencies, putting them on sound footing to meet their
responsibilities to defend the health, safety, wages, working conditions, and
retirement security of American workers. The Administration is also pursuing a
combination of executive and legislative actions to strengthen these laws and
their enforcement, so workers can earn wages that will allow them to sustain
their families, be protected from discrimination, and return home safely at the
end of a day's work. In addition, while enforcement and compliance resources are
vital to improving adherence with our Nation's labor and employment laws, many
of these laws impose weak penalties or no penalties at all on employers who do
not meet their responsibilities. The Budget proposes to strengthen the
Department of Labor's civil penalties, and also improve the Federal Civil
Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act, which was established to maintain the
deterrent effect of civil monetary penalties government-wide through timely and
predictable inflationary adjustments but falls short of this goal as it is
currently structured.

Encouraging State Paid Leave Initiatives. Too many American workers must make
the painful choice between caring for their families and a paycheck they
desperately need. While the Family and Medical Leave Act allows many workers to
take job-protected unpaid time off to care for a new baby or sick child, or tend
to their own health during a serious illness, millions of families cannot afford
to use unpaid leave. A handful of States have enacted policies to offer paid
leave, and the Federal government can encourage more States to follow their
lead. The Budget includes $2 billion for the Paid Leave Partnership Initiative
to assist up to five States that wish to launch paid leave programs, following
the examples of California, New Jersey, and Rhode Island. States that
participate in the Paid Leave Partnership Initiative would be eligible to
receive funds for the initial set up and half of the benefit costs of the
program for three years. The Budget also includes a $35 million State Paid Leave
Fund to provide technical assistance and support to States that are still
building the infrastructure they need to launch paid leave programs in the
future. Currently, only 43% of Hispanic workers say that they have access to
paid leave.

Helping All Workers Save for Retirement. As many as 78 million working Americans
- about half the workforce - don't have a retirement savings plan at work. Fewer
than 10 percent of those without plans at work save in a retirement account on
their own. Social Security is and must remain a rock-solid, guaranteed
progressive benefit that every American can rely on, but too many Americans
reach their golden years without enough to supplement their Social Security and
enjoy a secure retirement after a lifetime of hard work. Our Nation needs to do
more to help families save. The Budget includes the following proposals that
would make saving easier for millions of Americans currently without
employer-based retirement plans:

Automatically Enroll Americans without Access to a Workplace Retirement Plan in
an IRA. Under the proposal, every employer with more than 10 employees that does
not currently offer a retirement plan would be required to automatically enroll
their workers in an IRA. Auto-IRAs would let workers opt out of saving if they
choose but would also let them start saving without sorting through a host of
complex options. Auto-IRA proposals have been endorsed by independent scholars
across the ideological spectrum, including those affiliated with AARP, the
Brookings Institution and the Heritage Foundation.

 Provide Tax Cuts for Auto-IRA Adoption, and for Businesses that Choose to Offer
More Generous Employer Plans or Switch to Auto-Enrollment. To minimize the
burden on small businesses, the President's auto-IRA proposal would provide any
employer with 100 or fewer employees who offers auto-IRA a $3,000 tax credit.
The President also proposes to triple the existing "start up" credit, so small
employers who newly offer a retirement plan would receive a tax credit of $4,500
- more than enough to offset administrative expenses. And because
auto-enrollment is the most effective way to ensure workers with access to a
plan participate, small employers who already offer a plan and add
auto-enrollment would get an additional tax credit of $1,500.

 Expand Retirement Savings Options for Long-Term, Part-Time Workers. Under
current law, just 37 percent of part-time workers have access to a retirement
plan, as compared to 74 percent of full-time private workers, in part because
employers are permitted to exclude part-time workers from a retirement plan they
otherwise provide. The Budget would ensure that employees who have worked for an
employer at least 500 hours per year for at least three years are eligible to
participate in the employer's existing plan. Employers would not be required to
offer matching contributions. This proposal would provide approximately one
million individuals with access to retirement plan coverage.

 Encourage State Retirement Savings Initiatives. A number of States have been
exploring options for creating automatic retirement accounts for workers in the
private sector who do not otherwise have access to a workplace retirement plan.
However, concerns about potential conflict with the Federal law that governs
employee benefit plans has slowed those efforts. To better support State
efforts, the Budget sets aside $6.5 million at the Department of Labor, along
with waiver authority, to allow a handful of States to pilot and evaluate
State-based 401(k)-type programs or automatic enrollment IRAs.

 Expand Penalty-free Withdrawals so the Long-term Unemployed Can Draw upon Their
Savings, Not Go Further into Debt. Current law allows people who have been
unemployed for 3 months to use money from their IRAs penalty-free to pay for
health insurance, but not for other expenses. The President proposes to expand
the exception to allow long-term unemployed individuals, those who have been
unemployed for more than 6 months, to withdraw up to $50,000 per year for two
years from any tax-preferred retirement account for any use.

The above proposals would give 30 million more workers access to a workplace
savings opportunity and build on the President's actions over the past year to
make retirement saving easier by creating the simple, risk-free, and low-cost
"myRA" starter savings vehicle.

Expanding the EITC for Childless Workers. The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is
a pro-work tax credit that reduces poverty and promotes employment among
families with children. However, the EITC available to childless workers and
non-custodial parents is much smaller with a maximum of $500, phases out when
workers still have very low earnings, and is unavailable to workers under age
25, which means that it cannot shape work decisions during the crucial years at
the beginning of a young person's career. The Budget will double the maximum
credit (to $1,000), making the credit available to workers up to about 150
percent of the poverty line. It would also expand eligibility to workers age
21-24, encouraging employment and on-the-job experience for young adults,
helping them to make ends meet. The proposal would reduce poverty and hardship
for 13.2 million low-income workers struggling to make ends meet while promoting
employment.

Protecting Civil Rights. The Budget provides strong support of the agencies that
protect civil rights. Specifically, the Budget:

Supports activities at the Department of Justice to ensure the protection of
civil rights, including enforcing Federal prohibitions against racial, ethnic,
and religious discrimination. For 2016, the Civil Rights Division will
prioritize efforts to pursue human traffickers, expand voting rights protection
efforts, and improve Title IX enforcement against institutions failing to pursue
sexual assault claims. Additionally, the U.S. Attorneys will hire 60 new
attorneys to focus on civil rights protection and enforcement;

 Maintains strong support for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to
allow the agency to target and remedy employment discrimination and address its
backlog of private-sector discrimination charges; and

 Provides $114 million for the Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract
Compliance Programs, including additional funding to strengthen the agency's
ability to target pay discrimination and to modernize its use of enforcement
data.

Ensuring that the EITC and CTC Continue to Support Working Families. The
President continues to propose making permanent improvements to the EITC and
Child Tax Credit (CTC) that augment wages for 16 million families with 29
million children each year. These improvements provide additional benefits to
low-income working parents, families with three or more children, and married
families, but are currently scheduled to expire at the end of 2017. Allowing
these benefits to expire would result in a roughly $1,700 tax increase for a
full-time minimum wage worker with two children. Research has consistently shown
that the helping low-wage working families through the EITC and CTC not only
boosts parents' employment rates and reduces poverty, but has positive
longer-term effects on children, including improved health and educational
outcomes.

FIXING OUR BROKEN IMMIGRATION SYSTEM

The President believes that we must fix our broken immigration system by
enacting commonsense immigration reform that continues to strengthen our border
security, cracks down on employers who hire undocumented workers, modernizes our
legal immigration system, and provides a pathway to earned citizenship for
hardworking men and women who pass background checks, pay a penalty and taxes,
learn English, and go to the back of the line.

In addition to making the country more secure and communities safer, commonsense
immigration reform will boost economic growth, reduce deficits, and strengthen
Social Security. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the
immigration bill that passed with bipartisan support in the Senate last Congress
would reduce the deficit by about $160 billion in the first decade and by almost
$1 trillion over 20 years. Meanwhile, the Social Security Actuaries have found
that the bipartisan Senate bill would reduce the Social Security shortfall by
$300 billion over the first 10 years and would close 8 percent of the 75-year
Social Security shortfall. By adding younger workers to the labor force,
reforming our broken legal immigration system will help balance an aging
population and improve the economic and budget outlook as the baby boom
generation retires.

From family members hoping to reunite with loved ones, to farmworkers fueling
our agricultural industry, to DREAMers who are American in every way but on
paper, Latino immigrants are an integral part of American society. As the
largest immigrant group in the United States, Latino immigrants from Mexico,
Central and South America and the Caribbean are deeply impacted by our broken
immigration system. The Administration supports the bipartisan Senate approach,
and calls on the House of Representatives to act on comprehensive immigration
reform this year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: Middle Class Economics: Supporting Latino Families

LENGTH: 9481  words

DATELINE: Washington


White House has issued the following news release:

The President's 2016 Budget is designed to bring middle class economics into the
21st Century. This Budget shows what we can do if we invest in America's future
and commit to an economy that rewards hard work, generates rising incomes, and
allows everyone to share in the prosperity of a growing America. It lays out a
strategy to strengthen our middle class and help America's hard-working families
get ahead in a time of relentless economic and technological change. And it
makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and sustain economic growth
in the long run, including in research, education, training, and infrastructure.

These proposals will help working families feel more secure with paychecks that
go further, help American workers upgrade their skills so they can compete for
higher-paying jobs, and help create the conditions for our businesses to keep
generating good new jobs for our workers to fill, while also fulfilling our most
basic responsibility to keep Americans safe. We will make these investments, and
end the harmful spending cuts known as sequestration, by cutting inefficient
spending and reforming our broken tax code to make sure everyone pays their fair
share. We can do all this while also putting our Nation on a more sustainable
fiscal path. The Budget achieves about $1.8 trillion in deficit reduction,
primarily from reforms to health programs, our tax code, and immigration.

The U.S. economy is recovering: in 2014, the economy added more jobs than in any
full calendar year since the 1990s, and the unemployment rate fell. In December
2014, the unemployment rate for Latino Americans fell to 6.5 percent, down 6.6
percentage points from March 2010 when it reached its highest level as a result
of the Great Recession. But while the unemployment rate among Latino Americans
has dropped significantly, it remains well above the national average and far
too high overall. The Administration believes we should be doing everything we
can to ensure that Latino Americans have the opportunity to share in the
Nation's economic prosperity. Additionally, the Budget takes a number of steps
to support and create opportunity for Latino families, including: fixing our
broken immigration system; investing in the President's vision of making access
to high quality preschool available to every four-year old child; improving
health care delivery; and free community college.

EQUIPPING EVERY AMERICAN WITH A HIGH-QUALITY EDUCATION

Expanding Access to High-Quality Early Childhood Education. High-quality child
care and early education for young children serves two important functions: it
supports parents in the workforce and it helps support healthy child development
and school readiness. The Budget expands access to high-quality early childhood
education while also investing in innovation and evaluation to continue to build
the evidence base about what works for our youngest learners. The Budget:

Expands access to quality, affordable child care. The Administration proposes a
historicinvestment in child care to ensure that quality, affordable care is
available to all eligible low-and moderate-income working families with young
children, as opposed to the small share ofchildren who receive this help today.
This proposal will expand access to high-quality care formore than 1.1 million
additional children under age four by 2025 and help States build a supplyof
quality care that families can access. The Budget also includes funding to help
Statesimplement the changes required by the new bipartisan Child Care and
Development Block Grant Act of 2014 and for competitive pilot projects to
develop, implement, and evaluate innovate models of providing care that meet the
needs of working families.

 Cuts taxes for families paying for child care with a credit of up to $3,000 per
child. The Budget triples the maximum Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit
(CDCTC) for families with children under age five and makes the full CDCTC
available to families with incomes of up to $120,000, benefiting families with
young children, older children, and dependents who are elderly or have
disabilities. Meanwhile, the Budget would eliminate tax preferences for flexible
spending accounts (FSAs) for child care expenses, which are poorly targeted and
complex, reinvesting the savings in the improved CDCTC. The child care tax
reforms would benefit 5.1 million families, helping them cover costs for 6.7
million children.

 Increases the duration of Head Start programs and invests in high quality
infant and toddler care. The Budget expands access to high-quality care for tens
of thousands of additional infants and toddlers through Early Head Start-Child
Care Partnerships, and provides over $1 billion in additional funding for Head
Start to make sure children are served in full-day, full-year programs that
research shows lead to better outcomes for children.

 Supports universal preschool. The Preschool for All initiative, in partnership
with the States, provides all four-year-olds from low- and moderate-income
families with access to high-quality preschool, while encouraging States to
expand those programs to reach additional children from middle-class families
and establish full-day kindergarten policies.

 Lays the groundwork for Preschool for All. The Budget provides $750 million for
the Department of Education's Preschool Development Grants, a substantial
increase of $500 million over the 2015 level. Preschool Development Grants are
currently helping 18 States develop and expand high-quality preschool programs
in targeted communities; the Budget will increase that number to over 40 States.


 Invests in voluntary, evidence-based home visiting. The Budget extends and
expands evidence-based, voluntary home visiting programs, building on research
showing that home visits by a nurse, social worker, or other professional during
pregnancy and in the early years of life can significantly reduce child abuse
and neglect, improve parenting, and promote child development and school
readiness.

 Advancing K-12 Reforms through Programs Showing Results. Over the past six
years, the Administration has worked with States and school districts to help
all children meet rigorous college- and career ready standards. To reach that
goal, the Administration has promoted evidence-based initiatives that improve
low-performing schools and support effective teaching and school leadership.
Forty-eight states and the District of Columbia have raised standards for
learning in their schools and are supporting the hard work teachers and
principals are doing to enable their students to succeed. Innovation, data
analysis, and evaluation have been key to these efforts. And, the signs of
progress are clear: the high school graduation rate is the highest on record and
students are making academic gains.

The Budget continues to invest in priority education programs, in ways that will
make a difference for students. The Budget:

Ensures Equity of Opportunity. Title I is the Department of Education's largest
K-12 grant program and the cornerstone of its commitment to supporting
low-income schools with the funding necessary to provide high-need students with
access to an excellent education. The Budget provides $15.4 billion, a $1
billion increase, for this program. In addition, the Budget proposes $100
million to support districts that are using their Federal formula funds for
evidence-based interventions, and includes a pilot opportunity for districts
that equitably distribute State, local and Federal funds to schools to receive
relief from federal reporting and fiscal requirements

 Improves Outcomes for Students with Disabilities. The Budget includes $11.7
billion for Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) grants to States,
a $175 million increase, to help states pay the additional costs of special
education, and implement a new "Results Driven Accountability" system that will
ensure districts focus on improving outcomes for students with disabilities.

 Supports our Teachers. To build on the major reforms States have made in their
teacher and principal evaluation policies, the Budget directs $3 billion towards
the goals of preparing teachers for success in the classroom and supporting that
success throughout their career. This investment includes $200 million for an
improved Education Technology State Grants program focused on providing
educators with training and support to maximize the impact of expanded access to
technology to provide high-quality, personalized instruction to students. The
Budget also supports a companion initiative funded at $1 billion annually for
five years in mandatory funding that will support bold, comprehensive State and
local efforts to attract the best candidates to the teaching profession and
prepare them for the demands of the classroom, while also creating a culture of
excellence and professional growth for teachers throughout their careers.

 Builds Evidence and Encouraging Innovation. The Budget funds the Investing in
Innovation program at $300 million, a $180 million increase over 2015 enacted,
to develop and test effective practices and provide better information to States
and districts on what works in key areas such as implementing college- and
career-ready standards, using data to inform instruction and personalize
learning, and improving low-performing schools.

 Creates Great Schools. A new $125 million competitive program will promote the
re-design of America's high schools by integrating deeper learning,
student-centered instruction, and career-related experiences, with a particular
focus on science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) themed high schools
that expand opportunities for girls and other groups underrepresented in STEM
fields. The Budget invests $556 million, a $50 million increase over 2015
enacted, in School Improvement Grants, to expand the use of evidence-based
approaches to turning around our lowest performing schools, including high
schools with unacceptably low graduation rates. The Budget also provides $375
million for Charter Schools, an additional $122 million, to significantly
increase the expansion and replication of high-quality charter schools in
high-need communities.

 Implements Neighborhood-based Strategies. The Budget provides $150 million to
support current Promise Neighborhoods and create up to 25 more to support local
partnerships to develop and implement comprehensive, neighborhood-based plans
for meeting the cradle-to-career educational, health, and social service needs
of children and families in high-poverty communities

 Improves STEM Education. The Budget invests $3 billion to improve STEM
education across the government. This includes $202 million for Department of
Education's K-12 Math and Science Partnerships and $135 million for improving
undergraduate education at the National Science Foundation.

 Keeps Our Schools Safe. The Budget continues support for the President's plan
to reduce gun violence and increase school safety, by providing more than $80
million to help schools create safer and more nurturing school climates through
evidence-based behavioral intervention practices, provide support and services
to children exposed to pervasive violence, and provide technical assistance and
disseminate best practices on school safety and climate.

Making a High-Quality College Education More Affordable. An estimated two-thirds
of job openings will require some postsecondary education and training by 2020.
The President has placed a high priority on making college affordable and
helping Americans obtain a meaningful college certificate or degree. Beginning
in 2009, the Administration has increased the maximum Pell Grant by more than
$1,000, to $5,775 in school year 2015-16, and provided additional tax benefits
to help families pay for college. The Administration ended subsidies to banks
under the guaranteed student loan program and reinvested those savings to help
more students and families afford college with increased funding to the Pell
Grant program. In addition, the Administration has expanded income-driven
repayment options, such as the President's Pay As You Earn plan, to help more
borrowers manage their student loan debt. In 2013, the Department of Education
introduced the College Scorecard to provide critical information about college
value to assist prospective students and their families in the college search
and selection process, and the President announced the development of a college
ratings system to identify colleges providing the best value and encourage all
colleges to improve.

The Budget builds on this progress and charts a path forward on the President's
plan to make college more affordable. The Budget:

Provides Tuition-Free Community College for Responsible Students. The
President's America's College Promise proposal makes community college free for
responsible students, enabling them to earn a certificate, an associate's degree
or up to two years' worth of credits towards a bachelor's degree without paying
any tuition or fees. Everyone will be required to do their part: 1) states must
invest more in higher education and training 2) community colleges must
strengthen their programs and increase the number of students who graduate, and
3) students must take responsibility for their education, earn good grades, and
stay on track to graduate. Students would continue to qualify for federal
student aid (including Pell grants), which could help cover other costs of
attendance, such as books, supplies, housing, and transportation.

 Ensures that Pell Grants Keep Pace with Inflation. Pell Grants are central to
our efforts to help low and moderate income students afford college. In the
2014-15 award year, Pell Grants provided an estimated $31 billion in college aid
to 8.2 million students. Since 2013, Pell Grants have been adjusted for
inflation annually, but unless Congress acts, this will end in 2017 and the
value of Pell Grants will start to erode, making it even harder for families to
afford college.

The Budget addresses this, supporting the continued indexing of Pell Grants, to
ensure that their value is not eroded by inflation.

Keeps Student Loans Manageable. The Administration is helping student borrowers
with existing debt manage their obligations through income-driven repayment
plans, such as the Pay-As-You-Earn (PAYE) plan, which cap student loan payments
at 10 percent of monthly discretionary income. The Department of Education has
contacted struggling borrowers to make sure they are aware of these new options,
and ensured that they have the information they need to choose the best one to
help them responsibly manage their debt. The Budget proposes to extend PAYE to
all student borrowers and reform the PAYE terms to ensure that the program is
well-targeted and to safeguard the program for the future.

 Simplifies Education Tax Benefits for All Students and Families. While the
creation of the American Opportunity Tax Credit (AOTC) in 2009 made college more
affordable for millions of students and their families, our system of tax
incentives for higher education is complex, and families are sometimes unable to
take full advantage of the benefits. Building on bipartisan reform proposals,
the Budget would simplify, consolidate, and better target tax-based financial
aid. It would cut taxes for 8.5 million families and students, simplify taxes
for the more than 25 million families and students that claim education tax
benefits, and provide students working toward a college degree with up to $2,500
of assistance each year for five years.

 Supports Minority Serving Institutions and College Access for Minority Youth.
The Budget sustains funding for Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for
Undergraduate Programs (GEAR UP) and increases funding for TRIO. These programs
help disadvantaged students prepare for, enroll, and complete postsecondary
education. The increase in funding would support a TRIO Demonstration Initiative
to test new approaches to foster college success. The Budget also provides a 30
percent set-aside for Minority-Serving Institutions in the $200 million First in
the World competition to drive innovations in higher education that increase
college completion, value, and affordability.

 Drives Performance and Innovation in Higher Education. To drive performance and
improve outcomes in higher education, the Budget: o Expands the First in the
World fund to $200 million, to identify and expand promising and evidenced-based
innovations and practices at colleges and universities across the country to
dramatically improve educational outcomes for all students and make college more
affordable;

o Provides new College Opportunity and Graduation Bonuses to reward colleges
that successfully enroll and graduate a significant number of low- and
moderate-income students;

o Proposes a new $200 million CTE Innovation Fund to create the American
Technical Training Fund, which would provide competitive grants to support the
development, operation and expansion of evidence-based training programs, in
partnership with industry, for skilled jobs in high-demand fields that provide a
path to the middle class for low-income individuals; and

o Strengthens academic progress requirements in the Pell Grant program to
encourage students to complete their studies on time.

TRAINING WORKERS FOR HIGH-DEMAND JOBS AND CAREERS

As our economy changes we need to ensure that the Nation's workers have the
skills they need to succeed in family-supporting jobs. The Administration builds
on the bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) with
investments that connect workers with good jobs, prepare workers with the skills
employers need, and partner with employers to create more on-the-job training
and apprenticeship opportunities so workers can learn the skills they need for
better, higher-paying jobs and earn wages while they are training.

Creating Pathways to High-Growth Jobs. Last year, Congress came together and
passed important improvements to the Nation's job training system with the
bipartisan Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). To build on this
progress, the Budget increases funding for the core WIOA grants and provides
$1.2 billion, a $500 million increase over the 2015 enacted level, to support
in-person employment services for unemployed workers to help them find a good
job or the training or services they need prepare for one. This investment would
reach the one-third of unemployment insurance beneficiaries who are most likely
to run out of benefits before getting reemployed, all returning veterans who
receive unemployment benefits, and other displaced workers who come into
American Job Centers. Evidence suggests that these types of services are a
cost-effective intervention that get workers back into jobs faster, and help
employers to fill their in-demand jobs. For workers who need job training to get
back on their feet, the Budget provides $16 billion over ten years to double the
number of workers receiving training through the workforce development system.
This training would focus on industries that are expected to experience
significant growth in the coming decades, such as health care, energy, advanced
manufacturing, transportation and logistics, cybersecurity, and information
technology. Additional funding would also be available to provide training,
subsidized employment and need-based stipends for the long-term unemployed.

Spreading the Development and Adoption of Industry-Validated Credentials. The
Budget provides $500 million for Industry Credentialing and Career Pathways
Grants, including $300 million specifically targeted at information technology
jobs. These grants would be competitively awarded to create employer-validated
credentials where they do not yet exist, drive additional employer uptake of
credentials that do exist, and develop curricula and assessments that lead to
the credential. Grants would be awarded to employer collaboratives in
partnership with the workforce system, post-secondary institutions such as
community colleges, and other innovative education and training providers.

Modernizing the Unemployment Insurance Safety Net. The Budget proposes a
cost-neutral suite of reforms to modernize the Unemployment Insurance (UI)
program, which provides critical income support to those who are unemployed
through no fault of their own. These reforms will improve the connection to work
by incentivizing states to provide more training, subsidized jobs, reemployment
services, and relocation assistance. The reforms would also improve the solvency
of State programs, reach more workers who lose their jobs, and make the UI
program more targeted and responsive in unfolding economic downturns by
implementing an Extended Benefits program that provides added benefits as soon
as a State experiences a sharp rise in unemployment.

Supporting Work Opportunities for Low-Income Out-of Work Parents and Youths. The
Budget proposes to redirect $573 million in annual Temporary Assistance for
Needy Families (TANF) funding to a Pathways to Jobs initiative, which will
support State partnerships with employers to provide subsidized job
opportunities for low-income individuals. This proved in recent years to be an
effective strategy for getting disadvantaged adults back into the workforce, and
the Budget proposes to build on that success.

Reforming Federal Job Training to Better Connect Workers with Good Jobs. In last
year's State of the Union, the President asked Vice President Biden to lead an
across-the-board review of America's job training programs to ensure they share
a single mission: providing workers with the skills they need to secure good
jobs that are ready to be filled. In July, after engaging with business, labor,
and the workforce community, the Vice President delivered a report that details
specific actions that the Administration is taking and can take in the future as
a result of this review. Specifically, the Administration has created a
job-driven checklist that will guide administrative action to ensure that what's
working best becomes what all Americans can expect when they participate in a
federally funded training program. The checklist includes best practices such as
engaging with employers in training partnerships to fill in-demand jobs in
growing fields, expanding on-the-job training and apprenticeships, and using
data to guide smarter choices and achieve better employment outcomes. The
Administration already awarded over $1 billion in competitive grants to
organizations last year that applied this checklist, channeling training
resources to growing sectors. For example, over $300 million was awarded to
partnerships to train and hire for in-demand IT occupations. Additionally, the
Administration is working to incorporate the checklist into existing programs
and grants. For example, training for vocational rehabilitation counselors now
includes training in employer engagement and use of labor market information to
identify in-demand fields.

Improving Employment Outcomes for HUD-Assisted Households. The Budget increases
job training and financial incentives to help public housing residents secure
employment and increase their earnings through the Department of Housing and
Urban Development's (HUD) Jobs-Plus program, which has been shown to boost
annual incomes by $1,300 on average. The Budget provides $100 million for
Jobs-Plus to target assistance to approximately 20,000 individuals, or about
15,000 more than in 2015. The request includes up to $15 million to implement a
demonstration of the Jobs-Plus model in Indian Country. The Budget also provides
$85 million for the Family Self-Sufficiency (FSS) program to link HUD-assisted
households with job training, child care, transportation, financial literacy and
other supportive services, and help them build assets through interest-bearing
escrow accounts.

Expanding Technical Training Programs at Community Colleges for Middle Class
Jobs in Communities. Community colleges, like those in Tennessee and Texas, that
build strong employer partnerships and offer training in in-demand fields are
creating career pathways to the middle class. The Budget requests $200 million
for a new American Technical Training Fund to create or expand innovative,
evidence-based job training programs in high-demand fields that provide a path
to the middle class. Projects would emphasize strong employer partnerships,
work-based learning opportunities, accelerated training, and flexible scheduling
for students to accommodate part-time work. Programs could be created within
current community colleges, other innovative, non-traditional training
providers, or these entities in partnership with secondary programs. This
initiative would be housed in the Career and Technical Education Innovation
Fund, jointly administered by the Department of Education and the Department of
Labor and builds on the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career
Training Grants (for which 2014 was the final year of funding).

PROVIDING ASSISTANCE TO VULNERABLE POPULATIONS AND INVESTING IN THE HARDEST-HIT
COMMUNITIES

Preventing Hunger. The Administration strongly supports the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and other programs that reduce hunger and
help families meet their nutritional needs. SNAP is the cornerstone of our
Nation's nutrition assistance safety net, touching the lives of nearly 47
million Americans, the majority of whom are children, the elderly, or people
with disabilities. Recent research has shown that SNAP not only helps families
put food on the table, but it has a positive long-term impact on children's
health and education outcomes. In addition to supporting SNAP, the Budget also
invests $67 million to support summer electronic benefit transfer (EBT) pilots,
which are proving successful in reducing childhood hunger and improving
nutrition in the months when school meals are unavailable.

Supporting Healthy Eating. The Budget supports the ongoing implementation of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 with an investment of $35 million in
school equipment grants, $10 million above the 2015 enacted level, to aid in the
provision of healthy meals. The Budget provides $6.6 billion to support the 8.5
million individuals expected to participate in the Special Supplemental
Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), which is critical to
the health of pregnant women, new mothers, infants, and young children. The
Budget also provides funding for the Administration's Healthy Food Financing
Initiative to increase the availability of affordable, healthy food options in
underserved communities, including $35 million in grants through the Department
of the Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, and $13
million through USDA's Healthy Food Financing Initiative authorized by the
Agricultural Act of 2014, which more than doubles Government-wide support above
the 2015 enacted level.

Supporting Affordable Rental Housing for 4.7 million Families. Housing
assistance not only helps families make ends meet, it can help families move to
communities with greater opportunities and can increase housing stability. The
Budget includes $21.1 billion for the Housing Choice Voucher program ($1.8
billion more than the 2015 enacted level) to help approximately 2.4 million
low-income families afford decent housing in neighborhoods of their choice. In
addition to supporting all existing vouchers, the Budget provides funding to
restore approximately 67,000 incremental vouchers lost in 2013 due to
sequestration, including new vouchers to provide housing assistance to families,
veterans, and tribal families experiencing homelessness, victims of domestic or
dating violence, youth aging out of foster care, and families with children in
the foster care system for whom assistance could facilitate reunification. HUD
will work with the appropriate agencies so that wraparound services are provided
to these populations. The Budget also includes $10.8 billion for the
Project-Based Rental Assistance program to maintain affordable rental housing
for 1.2 million families, and $6.5 billion in operating and capital subsidies to
preserve affordable public housing for 1.1 million families, an increase of $0.2
billion over the 2015 enacted level. Further, the Budget provides $50 million
for the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD), which leverages private financing
to reduce backlogs of capital repairs. These funds will be targeted to public
housing properties in high-poverty neighborhoods, including designated Promise
Zones, where the Administration is also supporting comprehensive revitalization
efforts.

Ending Homelessness. In partnership with communities across the country, the
Administration has made significant progress toward the President's ambitious
goals of ending homelessness, especially among veterans. Major cities, including
Salt Lake City, Utah and Phoenix, Arizona, have ended chronic homelessness among
veterans. And in January, New Orleans, Louisiana became the first major

American city to end veteran homelessness entirely. Nationally, veteran
homelessness is down 33 percent and the total number of people experiencing
chronic homelessness on a single night is down 21 percent from 2010 to 2014.

With continued focus from Federal, state and local partners, we are on a path to
end veteran homelessness by the end of 2015. The Budget includes $2.5 billion
for HUD's Homeless Assistance Grants, which will support 15,000 additional
families through rapid rehousing and an estimated 25,500 new units of permanent
supportive housing targeted to the chronically homeless. These funds, in
coordination with the targeted special purpose Housing Choice Vouchers, will
support the Administration's efforts to end chronic homelessness in 2017 and to
make significant progress in ending homelessness across all other populations.

Partnering With Communities to Expand Opportunity. The Budget supports the
Administration's Promise Zones initiative, which forms partnerships among the
Federal Government, local communities, and businesses to create jobs; increase
economic security; expand educational opportunities; increase access to quality,
affordable housing; and improve public safety. The President named the first
five Promise Zones in 2014 and will designate an additional 15 Zones by the end
of calendar year 2016. In support of Promise Zones, the Budget requests $250
million for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Choice
Neighborhoods program and $150 million for the Department of Education's Promise
Neighborhoods program. The Budget also includes Promise Zone tax incentives to
stimulate growth and investments in targeted communities, such as tax credits
for hiring workers and incentives for capital investment within the Zones.

The Budget also includes $50 million for the Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
community facilities grants program to address ongoing needs and emerging
priorities, including Promise Zones, Energy Sector Transition, Generation
Indigenous, and Strike Force Communities. The community facilities program
targets grants and direct loans to rural communities with fewer than 20,000
residents. These funds will allow USDA to be responsive to new needs in in
communities across rural American and target them in a flexible way. In
addition, the Budget includes $2.2 billion in community facilities direct loans.

Building Ladders of Opportunity for Boys and Young Men. Last year the President
launched My Brother's Keeper, a new initiative to address persistent opportunity
gaps faced by boys and young men of color and ensure that all young people can
reach their full potential. An interagency task force is working to improve how
the Federal Government's own policies and programs can better support these
efforts. Hundreds of local governments, philanthropies, and local businesses
have responded to the President's call to action to implement their own
cradle-to-college-and-career strategies for improving the life outcomes of all
young people to ensure that they can reach their full potential, regardless of
who they are, where they come from, or the circumstances into which they are
born. The Budget provides support for many efforts that will help achieve the
goals of the My Brother's Keeper initiative, including youth jobs programs,
juvenile justice reforms, initiatives to curb the high school dropout rate for
disconnected youth, investments in community college and efforts to improve
postsecondary education success, and technical assistance to communities working
to improve life outcomes to put all youth in America on a path to success.

Supporting Children and Youth in Foster Care. As part of the Administration's
efforts to provide support for stable homes and strong support structures for
vulnerable children and youth, the Budget includes a package of proposals to
help improve the lives of children and youth in foster care and to help them
reach their full potential. The Budget includes $1.4 billion in new mandatory
funding to provide preventative services to vulnerable families and children to
address hardships early, keeping more children out of foster care and with their
families, to promote family-based care for children with behavioral and mental
health needs to reduce the use of congregate care and ensure it is used only
when necessary, and for tribes to build their child welfare infrastructure and
for tribal children and youth removed from their homes to remain in their
communities. Additionally, the Budget includes $50 million in new discretionary
funding to develop best practices for child protection investigations, to
provide comprehensive services to youth in the child welfare system who are
victims of or at-risk of human trafficking, and to build capacity and strengthen
the services of tribal and rural child welfare systems.

Promoting Self-sufficiency. The Budget proposes an Upward Mobility Project which
will allow up to 10 communities, states, or consortia of states and communities
more flexibility to combine funds from up to four existing block grant programs
that are currently designed to promote opportunity and economic development but
do not facilitate cross-sector planning and implementation as effectively as
they could. These projects will test and validate promising and evidence-based
approaches to help families become more self-sufficient, improve children's
outcomes, and revitalize communities so they can provide more opportunities for
their residents. The Budget provides $1.5 billion in additional competitive
funding over five years to help support Upward Mobility Projects.

INVESTING IN PUBLIC SAFETY AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM

Supporting President's "Now is the Time" Initiative. The Budget supports the
"Now is the Time" initiative, the President's plan to protect our children and
communities by reducing gun violence through additional background checks,
inspections of Federally-licensed firearms dealers, improved tracing and
ballistics analysis, and efforts to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous
criminals. The Budget provides training for State and local law enforcement to
prevent and respond to active shooters and prevent mass casualties, and
continues the Comprehensive School Safety Program and other initiatives to
enhance school security. The Budget also expands access to mental health
services for young people by training more behavioral health care providers and
investing in programs that identify mental health issues early and refer those
in need to help.

Reforming Our Criminal Justice System with the "Smart on Crime" Initiative. The
Administration continues to advance the Department of Justice's (DOJ) Smart on
Crime initiative, which was announced in 2013 and is designed to promote
fundamental criminal justice system reforms that will improve public safety,
save money, and ensure the fair enforcement of Federal laws. The Budget supports
this initiative by providing additional funding for a dedicated Prevention and
Reentry Coordinator in each U.S. Attorneys' office, while also expanding
pre-trial diversion programs, such as reentry and drug courts, that ensure
better and more just outcomes for low-level offenders who deserve a
pre-incarceration second chance. The Budget also includes funding for research
to evaluate the efficacy of these programs using metrics that measure the
effects of the Smart on Crime initiative.

Reducing Crime and Recidivism. The Administration is committed to a
comprehensive strategy to contain incarceration costs over the long term by
facilitating inmates' transition into society in order to reduce recidivism
rates, increase public safety, and strengthen communities.

The Budget takes steps to address the cycle of incarceration by investing
additional resources in the Bureau of Prisons' (BOP) evidence-based re-entry
programs. These investments include: $110 million to increase mental health
staff, expand the sex offender programs, and provide cognitive behavioral
treatment and additional residential re-entry center beds; $5 million to support
a new broader reentry program that reaches out to offenders' children and
families to strengthen familial bonds, which are critical for helping inmates
transitioning back home; and $20 million to award innovative reentry programs in
BOP facilities. In addition, the Budget nearly doubles investment in the Second
Chance Act Grant program to reduce recidivism and help those exiting the justice
system rejoin their communities and lead productive lives.

ENSURING ACCESS TO QUALITY, AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE

Implementing the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act ensures that
families can access high-quality, affordable coverage, providing health
insurance to millions of Americans who would otherwise be uninsured. Efficiently
and effectively implementing the law is one of the Administration's highest
priorities. Millions of families across the country are enrolling in either
private insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace or coverage through
Medicaid. Americans have the security of knowing that if they want to change
jobs or start their own business, they will have access to health insurance for
their family. Additionally, premium tax credits and cost sharing assistance are
making coverage affordable.

Maintaining Affordable, High-Quality Primary and Preventive Care. Across the
United States, 1,300 health centers operate over 9,000 primary care sites that
serve as high-quality, dependable sources of primary care services in
communities. The Budget invests $4.2 billion, including $2.7 billion in new
mandatory resources, in the Health Centers program in 2016 to support services
for an estimated 28.6 million patients. In total, the Budget provides $8.1
billion in new mandatory resources over three years to support health centers.
Approximately 35 percent of health centers patients are of Hispanic/Latino
ethnicity.

Extending the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP). The Children's Health
Insurance Program (CHIP) currently serves over 8 million children of working
parents who are not eligible for Medicaid. The Budget proposes to extend funding
for CHIP, which ends in 2015, through 2019, ensuring continued, comprehensive,
affordable coverage for these children.

SUPPORTING MINORITY BUSINESSES

Supporting Minority Businesses. The Budget includes $30 million for the Minority
Business Development Agency (MBDA) to provide counseling, training, and
technical assistance to minority business owners. These services will help these
business owners create jobs, improve local economies, and expand into global
markets. In 2014, the Small Business Administration approved 4,267 loans
totaling nearly $1.3 billion to 3,915 Hispanic-owned small businesses.

Spurring Economic Growth and Job Creation by Providing Access to Capital. To
encourage economic growth and job creation, the Budget supports $21 billion in
Section 7(a) loan guarantees, which support more than 57,000 loans to help small
businesses operate and grow; including continued efforts to waive fees on small
dollar and veteran-owned borrowers; $7.5 billion in guaranteed lending under the
504 Certified Development Company (CDC) program to finance more than 10,000
loans to small businesses for commercial real estate and heavy machinery
purchases; and $35 million in direct microloans to assist more than 550 small
businesses in getting started and expanding.

Additionally, the Budget supports $4 billion in guarantees for the Small
Business Investment Company (SBIC) program at no cost to taxpayers, to enable
SBICs to continue to invest in high-growth and impact-oriented small businesses
that create jobs and strengthen communities.

The President's Budget proposes a new authorization of $1.5 billion for
Treasury's State Small Business Credit Initiative (SSBCI) to provide another,
innovative source of needed capital to America's diverse community of
entrepreneurs. This will build on the momentum of the program's first round,
enabling States to continue to innovate around their means of assistance, and
strengthen the Federal government's relationships with state economic
development agencies. The additional $1.5 billion will be awarded through two
allocations: $1 billion awarded on a competitive basis to states best able to
target local small business and startup market needs, promote inclusion, attract
private capital for startup and scale up businesses, strengthen regional
entrepreneurial ecosystems, and evaluate results; and $500 million awarded to
States by formula based on economic factors such as job losses and pace of
economic recovery. SSBCI is already achieving results: from FY 2011 through FY
2013 SSBCI programs in all 50 states supported lending and investments of $4.1
billion to more than 8,500 small businesses across the country - creating or
saving more than 95,000 American jobs, as reported by the small businesses who
received the loans and investments.

The Budget also proposes to extend the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program and provides
$1 billion in commitment authority to provide access to affordable, long-term
credit to fund large economic development projects such as multi-family rental
properties, charter schools, and health care centers in low-income communities.
The program's financing injects substantial and much-needed capital into our
Nation's most distressed communities - helping to improve access to capital that
expands options for affordable housing, education, and healthcare. These
benefits will be realized at no cost to taxpayers because the program requires
no subsidy.

Combatting Financial Fraud and Promoting Innovation. Ensuring honest and fair
competition and protecting the rights and property of citizens are paramount to
our economy and American competitiveness. The Budget maintains support to
investigate and prosecute financial and mortgage fraud, and counter intellectual
property crimes.

PROVIDING SECURITY FOR AMERICAN WORKERS AND RETIREES

Raising the Minimum Wage. In a Nation as wealthy as the United States, far too
many workers are living below the poverty line. Over the past 30 years, modest
minimum wage increases have not kept pace with the higher costs of basic
necessities for working families. The Administration supports raising the
minimum wage so hard-working Americans can earn enough to support their families
and make ends meet. Many companies, from small businesses to large corporations,
also see higher wages as the right way to boost productivity, reduce turnover,
and increase profits. Raising the minimum wage is good for workers, their
families, and the economy.

Since the President made his initial call to raise the minimum wage in the 2013
State of the Union, 17 States and the District of Columbia, as well as cities
and businesses across the country, have taken action to raise wages which will
benefit 7 million workers. The President is calling on States, cities, and
businesses to follow that lead and help raise wages for millions of additional
workers and for Congress to finally act so that no one who works full time lives
in poverty. Raising the federal minimum wage to ten dollars and ten cents an
hour would benefit 28 million American workers including Latinos who account for
a quarter of current minimum wage workers. Additionally, the President will
propose steps to ensure that our minimum wage laws are enforced. Currently, some
of the penalties against employers who fail to pay their workers a minimum wage
are not strong enough to deter violations. Some studies have even found that it
is cheaper for firms not to comply with minimum wage laws, even when firms know
they will be caught. In response, the President will propose strengthening
penalties against employers who jeopardize workers' health, safety, wages, right
to family and medical leave and retirement security. This includes levying
larger penalties against employers that intentionally keep fraudulent wage and
hour records or no records at all, which is-- of the ways irresponsible
employers game the system to cheat their workers out of hard-earned wages.

Protecting the Health, Safety, Wages, Working Conditions, and Retirement of
American Workers. The Budget includes nearly $1.9 billion for the Department of
Labor's worker protection agencies, putting them on sound footing to meet their
responsibilities to defend the health, safety, wages, working conditions, and
retirement security of American workers. The Administration is also pursuing a
combination of executive and legislative actions to strengthen these laws and
their enforcement, so workers can earn wages that will allow them to sustain
their families, be protected from discrimination, and return home safely at the
end of a day's work. In addition, while enforcement and compliance resources are
vital to improving adherence with our Nation's labor and employment laws, many
of these laws impose weak penalties or no penalties at all on employers who do
not meet their responsibilities. The Budget proposes to strengthen the
Department of Labor's civil penalties, and also improve the Federal Civil
Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act, which was established to maintain the
deterrent effect of civil monetary penalties government-wide through timely and
predictable inflationary adjustments but falls short of this goal as it is
currently structured.

Encouraging State Paid Leave Initiatives. Too many American workers must make
the painful choice between caring for their families and a paycheck they
desperately need. While the Family and Medical Leave Act allows many workers to
take job-protected unpaid time off to care for a new baby or sick child, or tend
to their own health during a serious illness, millions of families cannot afford
to use unpaid leave. A handful of States have enacted policies to offer paid
leave, and the Federal government can encourage more States to follow their
lead. The Budget includes $2 billion for the Paid Leave Partnership Initiative
to assist up to five States that wish to launch paid leave programs, following
the examples of California, New Jersey, and Rhode Island. States that
participate in the Paid Leave Partnership Initiative would be eligible to
receive funds for the initial set up and half of the benefit costs of the
program for three years. The Budget also includes a $35 million State Paid Leave
Fund to provide technical assistance and support to States that are still
building the infrastructure they need to launch paid leave programs in the
future. Currently, only 43% of Hispanic workers say that they have access to
paid leave.

Helping All Workers Save for Retirement. As many as 78 million working Americans
- about half the workforce - don't have a retirement savings plan at work. Fewer
than 10 percent of those without plans at work save in a retirement account on
their own. Social Security is and must remain a rock-solid, guaranteed
progressive benefit that every American can rely on, but too many Americans
reach their golden years without enough to supplement their Social Security and
enjoy a secure retirement after a lifetime of hard work. Our Nation needs to do
more to help families save. The Budget includes the following proposals that
would make saving easier for millions of Americans currently without
employer-based retirement plans:

Automatically Enroll Americans without Access to a Workplace Retirement Plan in
an IRA. Under the proposal, every employer with more than 10 employees that does
not currently offer a retirement plan would be required to automatically enroll
their workers in an IRA. Auto-IRAs would let workers opt out of saving if they
choose but would also let them start saving without sorting through a host of
complex options. Auto-IRA proposals have been endorsed by independent scholars
across the ideological spectrum, including those affiliated with AARP, the
Brookings Institution and the Heritage Foundation.

 Provide Tax Cuts for Auto-IRA Adoption, and for Businesses that Choose to Offer
More Generous Employer Plans or Switch to Auto-Enrollment. To minimize the
burden on small businesses, the President's auto-IRA proposal would provide any
employer with 100 or fewer employees who offers auto-IRA a $3,000 tax credit.
The President also proposes to triple the existing "start up" credit, so small
employers who newly offer a retirement plan would receive a tax credit of $4,500
- more than enough to offset administrative expenses. And because
auto-enrollment is the most effective way to ensure workers with access to a
plan participate, small employers who already offer a plan and add
auto-enrollment would get an additional tax credit of $1,500.

 Expand Retirement Savings Options for Long-Term, Part-Time Workers. Under
current law, just 37 percent of part-time workers have access to a retirement
plan, as compared to 74 percent of full-time private workers, in part because
employers are permitted to exclude part-time workers from a retirement plan they
otherwise provide. The Budget would ensure that employees who have worked for an
employer at least 500 hours per year for at least three years are eligible to
participate in the employer's existing plan. Employers would not be required to
offer matching contributions. This proposal would provide approximately one
million individuals with access to retirement plan coverage.

 Encourage State Retirement Savings Initiatives. A number of States have been
exploring options for creating automatic retirement accounts for workers in the
private sector who do not otherwise have access to a workplace retirement plan.
However, concerns about potential conflict with the Federal law that governs
employee benefit plans has slowed those efforts. To better support State
efforts, the Budget sets aside $6.5 million at the Department of Labor, along
with waiver authority, to allow a handful of States to pilot and evaluate
State-based 401(k)-type programs or automatic enrollment IRAs.

 Expand Penalty-free Withdrawals so the Long-term Unemployed Can Draw upon Their
Savings, Not Go Further into Debt. Current law allows people who have been
unemployed for 3 months to use money from their IRAs penalty-free to pay for
health insurance, but not for other expenses. The President proposes to expand
the exception to allow long-term unemployed individuals, those who have been
unemployed for more than 6 months, to withdraw up to $50,000 per year for two
years from any tax-preferred retirement account for any use.

The above proposals would give 30 million more workers access to a workplace
savings opportunity and build on the President's actions over the past year to
make retirement saving easier by creating the simple, risk-free, and low-cost
"myRA" starter savings vehicle.

Expanding the EITC for Childless Workers. The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is
a pro-work tax credit that reduces poverty and promotes employment among
families with children. However, the EITC available to childless workers and
non-custodial parents is much smaller with a maximum of $500, phases out when
workers still have very low earnings, and is unavailable to workers under age
25, which means that it cannot shape work decisions during the crucial years at
the beginning of a young person's career. The Budget will double the maximum
credit (to $1,000), making the credit available to workers up to about 150
percent of the poverty line. It would also expand eligibility to workers age
21-24, encouraging employment and on-the-job experience for young adults,
helping them to make ends meet. The proposal would reduce poverty and hardship
for 13.2 million low-income workers struggling to make ends meet while promoting
employment.

Protecting Civil Rights. The Budget provides strong support of the agencies that
protect civil rights. Specifically, the Budget:

Supports activities at the Department of Justice to ensure the protection of
civil rights, including enforcing Federal prohibitions against racial, ethnic,
and religious discrimination. For 2016, the Civil Rights Division will
prioritize efforts to pursue human traffickers, expand voting rights protection
efforts, and improve Title IX enforcement against institutions failing to pursue
sexual assault claims. Additionally, the U.S. Attorneys will hire 60 new
attorneys to focus on civil rights protection and enforcement;

 Maintains strong support for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to
allow the agency to target and remedy employment discrimination and address its
backlog of private-sector discrimination charges; and

 Provides $114 million for the Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract
Compliance Programs, including additional funding to strengthen the agency's
ability to target pay discrimination and to modernize its use of enforcement
data.

Ensuring that the EITC and CTC Continue to Support Working Families. The
President continues to propose making permanent improvements to the EITC and
Child Tax Credit (CTC) that augment wages for 16 million families with 29
million children each year. These improvements provide additional benefits to
low-income working parents, families with three or more children, and married
families, but are currently scheduled to expire at the end of 2017. Allowing
these benefits to expire would result in a roughly $1,700 tax increase for a
full-time minimum wage worker with two children. Research has consistently shown
that the helping low-wage working families through the EITC and CTC not only
boosts parents' employment rates and reduces poverty, but has positive
longer-term effects on children, including improved health and educational
outcomes.

FIXING OUR BROKEN IMMIGRATION SYSTEM

The President believes that we must fix our broken immigration system by
enacting commonsense immigration reform that continues to strengthen our border
security, cracks down on employers who hire undocumented workers, modernizes our
legal immigration system, and provides a pathway to earned citizenship for
hardworking men and women who pass background checks, pay a penalty and taxes,
learn English, and go to the back of the line.

In addition to making the country more secure and communities safer, commonsense
immigration reform will boost economic growth, reduce deficits, and strengthen
Social Security. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the
immigration bill that passed with bipartisan support in the Senate last Congress
would reduce the deficit by about $160 billion in the first decade and by almost
$1 trillion over 20 years. Meanwhile, the Social Security Actuaries have found
that the bipartisan Senate bill would reduce the Social Security shortfall by
$300 billion over the first 10 years and would close 8 percent of the 75-year
Social Security shortfall. By adding younger workers to the labor force,
reforming our broken legal immigration system will help balance an aging
population and improve the economic and budget outlook as the baby boom
generation retires.

From family members hoping to reunite with loved ones, to farmworkers fueling
our agricultural industry, to DREAMers who are American in every way but on
paper, Latino immigrants are an integral part of American society. As the
largest immigrant group in the United States, Latino immigrants from Mexico,
Central and South America and the Caribbean are deeply impacted by our broken
immigration system. The Administration supports the bipartisan Senate approach,
and calls on the House of Representatives to act on comprehensive immigration
reform this year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Washington: Introduction to the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and
Deregulatory Actions

LENGTH: 252628  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 245 (Monday, December 22, 2014)]
[Unknown Section]
[Pages 76455-76672]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-28927]

[[Page 76455]]

Vol. 79

Monday,

No. 245

December 22, 2014

Part II

Regulatory Information Service Center

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of Federal
Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

Federal Register / Vol. 79 , No. 245 / Monday, December 22, 2014 /
The Regulatory Plan

[[Page 76456]]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE CENTER


Introduction to the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and
Deregulatory Actions

AGENCY: Regulatory Information Service Center.

ACTION: Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Regulatory Flexibility Act requires that agencies publish
semiannual regulatory agendas in the Federal Register describing
regulatory actions they are developing that may have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities (5 U.S.C.
602). Executive Order 12866 ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' signed
September 30, 1993 (58 FR 51735), and incorporated in Executive Order
13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review'' issued on January
18, 2011 (76 FR 3821) establish guidelines and procedures for agencies'
agendas, including specific types of information for each entry.
 The Unified Agenda of Federal Regulator and Deregulatory Actions
(Unified Agenda) helps agencies fulfill these requirements. All Federal
regulatory agencies have chosen to publish their regulatory agendas as
part of the Unified Agenda. The complete 2014 Unified Agenda and
Regulatory Plan, which contains the regulatory agendas for Federal
agencies, is available to the public at http://reginfo.gov.
 The fall 2014 Unified Agenda publication appearing in the Federal
Register consists of The Regulatory Plan and agency regulatory
flexibility agendas, in accordance with the publication requirements of
the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Agency regulatory flexibility agendas
contain only those Agenda entries for rules that are likely to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
and entries that have been selected for periodic review under section
610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
 The complete fall 2014 Unified Agenda contains the Regulatory Plans
of 30 Federal agencies and the regulatory agendas of 31 other Federal
agencies.

ADDRESSES: Regulatory Information Service Center (MVE), General
Services Administration, 1800 F Street NW., 2219F, Washington, DC
20405.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information about specific
regulatory actions, please refer to the agency contact listed for each
entry.
 To provide comment on or to obtain further information about this
publication, contact: John C. Thomas, Executive Director, Regulatory
Information Service Center (MVE), General Services Administration, 1800
F Street NW., 2219F, Washington, DC 20405, (202) 482-7340. You may also
send comments to us by email at: risc@gsa.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction to the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

I. What are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda?
 II. Why are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda
published?
 III. How are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda
organized?
 IV. What Information appears for each entry?
 V. Abbreviations
 VI. How can users get copies of the Plan and the Agenda?

Introduction to the Fall 2014 Regulatory Plan

AGENCY REGULATORY PLANS

Cabinet Departments

Department of Agriculture
Department of Commerce
Department of Defense
Department of Education
Department of Energy
Department of Health and Human Services
Department of Homeland Security
Department of Housing and Urban Development
Department of the Interior
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
Department of Transportation
Department of the Treasury
Department of Veterans Affairs

Other Executive Agencies

Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
Environmental Protection Agency
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
General Services Administration
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
National Archives and Records Administration
Office of Personnel Management
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
Small Business Administration
Social Security Administration

Independent Regulatory Agencies

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Consumer Product Safety Commission
Federal Trade Commission
National Indian Gaming Commission
Nuclear Regulatory Commission

AGENCY AGENDAS

Cabinet Departments

Department of Agriculture
Department of Commerce
Department of Defense
Department of Education
Department of Energy
Department of Health and Human Services
Department of Homeland Security
Department of the Interior
Department of Justice
Department of Labor
Department of Transportation

Other Executive Agencies

Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
Environmental Protection Agency
General Services Administration
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Small Business Administration
Joint Authority
Department of Defense/General Services Administration/National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (Federal Acquisition
Regulation)

Independent Regulatory Agencies

Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Communications Commission
Federal Reserve System
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Securities and Exchange Commission
Surface Transportation Board

INTRODUCTION TO THE REGULATORY PLAN AND THE UNIFIED AGENDA OF FEDERAL
REGULATORY AND DEREGULATORY ACTIONS

I. What are the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda?

The Regulatory Plan serves as a defining statement of the
Administration's regulatory and deregulatory policies and priorities.
The Plan is part of the fall edition of the Unified Agenda. Each
participating agency's regulatory plan contains: (1) A narrative
statement of the agency's regulatory and deregulatory priorities, and,
for the most part, (2) a description of the most important significant
regulatory and deregulatory actions that the agency reasonably expects
to issue in proposed or final form during the upcoming fiscal year.
This edition includes the regulatory plans of 30 agencies.
 The Unified Agenda provides information about regulations that the
Government is considering or reviewing. The Unified Agenda has appeared
in the Federal Register twice each year since 1983 and has been
available online since 1995. The complete Unified Agenda is available
to the public at http://reginfo.gov. The online Unified Agenda offers
flexible search tools and access to the historic Unified Agenda
database to 1995.
 The fall 2014 Unified Agenda publication appearing in the Federal
Register consists of The Regulatory Plan and agency regulatory
flexibility

[[Page 76457]]

agendas, in accordance with the publication requirements of the
Regulatory Flexibility Act. Agency regulatory flexibility agendas
contain only those Agenda entries for rules that are likely to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
and entries that have been selected for periodic review under section
610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Printed entries display only the
fields required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Complete agenda
information for those entries appears, in a uniform format, in the
online Unified Agenda at http://reginfo.gov.
 These publication formats meet the publication mandates of the
Regulatory Flexibility Act and Executive Order 12866 (incorporated in
Executive Order 13563), as well as moved the Agenda process to the goal
of online availability, resulting in a reduced cost in printing. The
current online format does not reduce the amount of information
available to the public. The complete online edition of the Unified
Agenda includes regulatory agendas from 61 Federal agencies. Agencies
of the United States Congress are not included.
 The following agencies have no entries identified for inclusion in
the printed regulatory flexibility agenda. An asterisk (*) indicates
agencies that appear in The Regulatory Plan. The regulatory agendas of
these agencies are available to the public at http://reginfo.gov.

Department of Housing and Urban Development*
Department of State
Department of Treasury*
Department of Veterans Affairs*
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation
Agency for International Development
Commission on Civil Rights
Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled
Corporation for National and Community Service
Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of
Columbia
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission*
Institute of Museum and Library Services
National Archives and Records Administration*
National Endowment for the Arts
National Endowment for the Humanities
National Science Foundation
Office of Government Ethics
Office of Management and Budget
Office of Personnel Management*
Peace Corps
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation*
Railroad Retirement Board
Social Security Administration*
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau*
Consumer Product Safety Commission*
Farm Credit Administration
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Maritime Commission
Federal Trade Commission*
Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration CouncilNational Credit Union
Administration
National Credit Union Administration
National Indian Gaming Commission*
National Labor Relations Board
National Transportation Safety Board
Postal Regulatory Commission
Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board
 The Regulatory Information Service Center compiles the Unified
Agenda for the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA),
part of the Office of Management and Budget. OIRA is responsible for
overseeing the Federal Government's regulatory, paperwork, and
information resource management activities, including implementation of
Executive Order 12866 (incorporated in Executive Order 13563). The
Center also provides information about Federal regulatory activity to
the President and his Executive Office, the Congress, agency officials,
and the public.
 The activities included in the Agenda are, in general, those that
will have a regulatory action within the next 12 months. Agencies may
choose to include activities that will have a longer timeframe than 12
months. Agency agendas also show actions or reviews completed or
withdrawn since the last Unified Agenda. Executive Order 12866 does not
require agencies to include regulations concerning military or foreign
affairs functions or regulations related to agency organization,
management, or personnel matters.
 Agencies prepared entries for this publication to give the public
notice of their plans to review, propose, and issue regulations. They
have tried to predict their activities over the next 12 months as
accurately as possible, but dates and schedules are subject to change.
Agencies may withdraw some of the regulations now under development,
and they may issue or propose other regulations not included in their
agendas. Agency actions in the rulemaking process may occur before or
after the dates they have listed. The Regulatory Plan and Unified
Agenda do not create a legal obligation on agencies to adhere to
schedules in this publication or to confine their regulatory activities
to those regulations that appear within it.

II. Why Are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda published?

The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda helps agencies comply
with their obligations under the Regulatory Flexibility Act and various
Executive orders and other statutes.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

The Regulatory Flexibility Act requires agencies to identify those
rules that may have a significant economic impact on a substantial
number of small entities (5 U.S.C. 602). Agencies meet that requirement
by including the information in their submissions for the Unified
Agenda. Agencies may also indicate those regulations that they are
reviewing as part of their periodic review of existing rules under the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 610). Executive Order 13272
entitled ``Proper Consideration of Small Entities in Agency
Rulemaking,'' signed August 13, 2002 (67 FR 53461), provides additional
guidance on compliance with the Act.

Executive Order 12866

Executive Order 12866 entitled ``Regulatory Planning and Review,''
signed September 30, 1993 (58 FR 51735), requires covered agencies to
prepare an agenda of all regulations under development or review. The
Order also requires that certain agencies prepare annually a regulatory
plan of their ``most important significant regulatory actions,'' which
appears as part of the fall Unified Agenda. Executive Order 13497,
signed January 30, 2009 (74 FR 6113), revoked the amendments to
Executive Order 12866 that were contained in Executive Order 13258 and
Executive Order 13422.

Executive Order 13563

Executive Order 13563 entitled ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review,'' issued on January 18, 2011, supplements and
reaffirms the principles, structures, and definitions governing
contemporary regulatory review that were established in Executive Order
12866, which includes the general principles of regulation and public
participation, and orders integration and innovation in coordination
across agencies; flexible approaches where relevant, feasible, and
consistent with regulatory approaches; scientific integrity in any
scientific or technological information and processes used to support
the agencies' regulatory actions; and retrospective analysis of
existing regulations.

[[Page 76458]]

Executive Order 13132

Executive Order 13132 entitled ``Federalism,'' signed August 4,
1999 (64 FR 43255), directs agencies to have an accountable process to
ensure meaningful and timely input by State and local officials in the
development of regulatory policies that have ``federalism
implications'' as defined in the Order. Under the Order, an agency that
is proposing a regulation with federalism implications, which either
preempt State law or impose non-statutory unfunded substantial direct
compliance costs on State and local governments, must consult with
State and local officials early in the process of developing the
regulation. In addition, the agency must provide to the Director of the
Office of Management and Budget a federalism summary impact statement
for such a regulation, which consists of a description of the extent of
the agency's prior consultation with State and local officials, a
summary of their concerns and the agency's position supporting the need
to issue the regulation, and a statement of the extent to which those
concerns have been met. As part of this effort, agencies include in
their submissions for the Unified Agenda information on whether their
regulatory actions may have an effect on the various levels of
government and whether those actions have federalism implications.

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995

The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-4, title II)
requires agencies to prepare written assessments of the costs and
benefits of significant regulatory actions ``that may result in the
expenditure by State, local, and tribal governments, in the aggregate,
or by the private sector, of $100,000,000 or more . . . in any 1 year .
. . . '' The requirement does not apply to independent regulatory
agencies, nor does it apply to certain subject areas excluded by
section 4 of the Act. Affected agencies identify in the Unified Agenda
those regulatory actions they believe are subject to title II of the
Act.

Executive Order 13211

Executive Order 13211 entitled ``Actions Concerning Regulations
That Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use,'' signed
May 18, 2001 (66 FR 28355), directs agencies to provide, to the extent
possible, information regarding the adverse effects that agency actions
may have on the supply, distribution, and use of energy. Under the
Order, the agency must prepare and submit a Statement of Energy Effects
to the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, for ``those matters
identified as significant energy actions.'' As part of this effort,
agencies may optionally include in their submissions for the Unified
Agenda information on whether they have prepared or plan to prepare a
Statement of Energy Effects for their regulatory actions.

Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act

The Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act (Pub. L.
104-121, title II) established a procedure for congressional review of
rules (5 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), which defers, unless exempted, the
effective date of a ``major'' rule for at least 60 days from the
publication of the final rule in the Federal Register. The Act
specifies that a rule is ``major'' if it has resulted, or is likely to
result, in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
meets other criteria specified in that Act. The Act provides that the
Administrator of OIRA will make the final determination as to whether a
rule is major.

III. How Are The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda organized?

The Regulatory Plan appears in part II in a daily edition of the
Federal Register. The Plan is a single document beginning with an
introduction, followed by a table of contents, followed by each
agency's section of the Plan. Following the Plan in the Federal
Register, as separate parts, are the regulatory flexibility agendas for
each agency whose agenda includes entries for rules which are likely to
have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small
entities or rules that have been selected for periodic review under
section 610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. Each printed agenda
appears as a separate part. The sections of the Plan and the parts of
the Unified Agenda are organized alphabetically in four groups: Cabinet
departments; other executive agencies; the Federal Acquisition
Regulation, a joint authority (Agenda only); and independent regulatory
agencies. Agencies may in turn be divided into subagencies. Each
printed agency agenda has a table of contents listing the agency's
printed entries that follow. Each agency's part of the Agenda contains
a preamble providing information specific to that agency. Each printed
agency agenda has a table of contents listing the agency's printed
entries that follow.
 Each agency's section of the Plan contains a narrative statement of
regulatory priorities and, for most agencies, a description of the
agency's most important significant regulatory and deregulatory
actions. Each agency's part of the Agenda contains a preamble providing
information specific to that agency plus descriptions of the agency's
regulatory and deregulatory actions.
 The online, complete Unified Agenda contains the preambles of all
participating agencies. Unlike the printed edition, the online Agenda
has no fixed ordering. In the online Agenda, users can select the
particular agencies whose agendas they want to see. Users have broad
flexibility to specify the characteristics of the entries of interest
to them by choosing the desired responses to individual data fields. To
see a listing of all of an agency's entries, a user can select the
agency without specifying any particular characteristics of entries.
 Each entry in the Agenda is associated with one of five rulemaking
stages. The rulemaking stages are:
 1. Prerule Stage--actions agencies will undertake to determine
whether or how to initiate rulemaking. Such actions occur prior to a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and may include Advance Notices of
Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs) and reviews of existing regulations.
 2. Proposed Rule Stage--actions for which agencies plan to publish
a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking as the next step in their rulemaking
process or for which the closing date of the NPRM Comment Period is the
next step.
 3. Final Rule Stage--actions for which agencies plan to publish a
final rule or an interim final rule or to take other final action as
the next step.
 4. Long-Term Actions--items under development but for which the
agency does not expect to have a regulatory action within the 12 months
after publication of this edition of the Unified Agenda. Some of the
entries in this section may contain abbreviated information.
 5. Completed Actions--actions or reviews the agency has completed
or withdrawn since publishing its last agenda. This section also
includes items the agency began and completed between issues of the
Agenda.
 Long-Term Actions are rulemakings reported during the publication
cycle that are outside of the required 12-month reporting period for
which the Agenda was intended. Completed Actions in the publication
cycle are rulemakings that are ending their lifecycle either by
Withdrawal or completion of the rulemaking process. Therefore, the
Long-Term and Completed RINs do not represent the

[[Page 76459]]

ongoing, forward-looking nature intended for reporting developing
rulemakings in the Agenda pursuant to Executive Order 12866, section
4(b) and 4(c). To further differentiate these two stages of rulemaking
in the Unified Agenda from active rulemakings, Long-Term and Completed
Actions are reported separately from active rulemakings, which can be
any of the first three stages of rulemaking listed above. A separate
search function is provided on http://reginfo.gov to search for
Completed and Long-Term Actions apart from each other and active RINs.
 A bullet () preceding the title of an entry indicates that
the entry is appearing in the Unified Agenda for the first time.
 In the printed edition, all entries are numbered sequentially from
the beginning to the end of the publication. The sequence number
preceding the title of each entry identifies the location of the entry
in this edition. The sequence number is used as the reference in the
printed table of contents. Sequence numbers are not used in the online
Unified Agenda because the unique Regulation Identifier Number (RIN) is
able to provide this cross-reference capability.
 Editions of the Unified Agenda prior to fall 2007 contained several
indexes, which identified entries with various characteristics. These
included regulatory actions for which agencies believe that the
Regulatory Flexibility Act may require a Regulatory Flexibility
Analysis, actions selected for periodic review under section 610(c) of
the Regulatory Flexibility Act, and actions that may have federalism
implications as defined in Executive Order 13132 or other effects on
levels of government. These indexes are no longer compiled, because
users of the online Unified Agenda have the flexibility to search for
entries with any combination of desired characteristics. The online
edition retains the Unified Agenda's subject index based on the Federal
Register Thesaurus of Indexing Terms. In addition, online users have
the option of searching Agenda text fields for words or phrases.

IV. What information appears for each entry?

All entries in the online Unified Agenda contain uniform data
elements including, at a minimum, the following information:
 Title of the Regulation--a brief description of the subject of the
regulation. In the printed edition, the notation ``Section 610 Review''
following the title indicates that the agency has selected the rule for
its periodic review of existing rules under the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 610(c)). Some agencies have indicated completions of
section 610 reviews or rulemaking actions resulting from completed
section 610 reviews. In the online edition, these notations appear in a
separate field.
 Priority--an indication of the significance of the regulation.
Agencies assign each entry to one of the following five categories of
significance.

(1) Economically Significant

As defined in Executive Order 12866, a rulemaking action that will
have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or will
adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or tribal governments or
communities. The definition of an ``economically significant'' rule is
similar but not identical to the definition of a ``major'' rule under 5
U.S.C. 801 (Pub. L. 104-121). (See below.)

(2) Other Significant

A rulemaking that is not Economically Significant but is considered
Significant by the agency. This category includes rules that the agency
anticipates will be reviewed under Executive Order 12866 or rules that
are a priority of the agency head. These rules may or may not be
included in the agency's regulatory plan.

(3) Substantive, Nonsignificant

A rulemaking that has substantive impacts but is neither
Significant, nor Routine and Frequent, nor Informational/
Administrative/Other.

(4) Routine and Frequent

A rulemaking that is a specific case of a multiple recurring
application of a regulatory program in the Code of Federal Regulations
and that does not alter the body of the regulation.

(5) Informational/Administrative/Other

A rulemaking that is primarily informational or pertains to agency
matters not central to accomplishing the agency's regulatory mandate
but that the agency places in the Unified Agenda to inform the public
of the activity.
 Major--whether the rule is ``major'' under 5 U.S.C. 801 (Pub. L.
104-121) because it has resulted or is likely to result in an annual
effect on the economy of $100 million or more or meets other criteria
specified in that Act. The Act provides that the Administrator of the
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs will make the final
determination as to whether a rule is major.
 Unfunded Mandates--whether the rule is covered by section 202 of
the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-4). The Act
requires that, before issuing an NPRM likely to result in a mandate
that may result in expenditures by State, local, and tribal
governments, in the aggregate, or by the private sector of more than
$100 million in 1 year, agencies, other than independent regulatory
agencies, shall prepare a written statement containing an assessment of
the anticipated costs and benefits of the Federal mandate.
 Legal Authority--the section(s) of the United States Code (U.S.C.)
or Public Law (Pub. L.) or the Executive order (E.O.) that authorize(s)
the regulatory action. Agencies may provide popular name references to
laws in addition to these citations.
 CFR Citation--the section(s) of the Code of Federal Regulations
that will be affected by the action.
 Legal Deadline--whether the action is subject to a statutory or
judicial deadline, the date of that deadline, and whether the deadline
pertains to an NPRM, a Final Action, or some other action.
 Abstract--a brief description of the problem the regulation will
address; the need for a Federal solution; to the extent available,
alternatives that the agency is considering to address the problem; and
potential costs and benefits of the action.
 Timetable--the dates and citations (if available) for all past
steps and a projected date for at least the next step for the
regulatory action. A date displayed in the form 12/00/14 means the
agency is predicting the month and year the action will take place but
not the day it will occur. In some instances, agencies may indicate
what the next action will be, but the date of that action is ``To Be
Determined.'' ``Next Action Undetermined'' indicates the agency does
not know what action it will take next.
 Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required--whether an analysis is
required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)
because the rulemaking action is likely to have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities as defined by the Act.
 Small Entities Affected--the types of small entities (businesses,
governmental jurisdictions, or organizations) on which the rulemaking
action is likely to have an impact as defined by the Regulatory
Flexibility Act. Some agencies have chosen to indicate likely effects
on small entities even though they believe

[[Page 76460]]

that a Regulatory Flexibility Analysis will not be required.
 Government Levels Affected--whether the action is expected to
affect levels of government and, if so, whether the governments are
State, local, tribal, or Federal.
 International Impacts--whether the regulation is expected to have
international trade and investment effects, or otherwise may be of
interest to the Nation's international trading partners.
 Federalism--whether the action has ``federalism implications'' as
defined in Executive Order 13132. This term refers to actions ``that
have substantial direct effects on the States, on the relationship
between the national government and the States, or on the distribution
of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government.''
Independent regulatory agencies are not required to supply this
information.
 Included in the Regulatory Plan--whether the rulemaking was
included in the agency's current regulatory plan published in fall
2014.
 Agency Contact--the name and phone number of at least one person in
the agency who is knowledgeable about the rulemaking action. The agency
may also provide the title, address, fax number, email address, and TDD
for each agency contact.
 Some agencies have provided the following optional information:
 RIN Information URL--the Internet address of a site that provides
more information about the entry.
 Public Comment URL--the Internet address of a site that will accept
public comments on the entry. Alternatively, timely public comments may
be submitted at the Governmentwide e-rulemaking site,
http://www.regulations.gov.
 Additional Information--any information an agency wishes to include
that does not have a specific corresponding data element.
 Compliance Cost to the Public--the estimated gross compliance cost
of the action.
 Affected Sectors--the industrial sectors that the action may most
affect, either directly or indirectly. Affected sectors are identified
by North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes.
 Energy Effects--an indication of whether the agency has prepared or
plans to prepare a Statement of Energy Effects for the action, as
required by Executive Order 13211 ``Actions Concerning Regulations That
Significantly Affect Energy Supply, Distribution, or Use,'' signed May
18, 2001 (66 FR 28355).
 Related RINs--one or more past or current RIN(s) associated with
activity related to this action, such as merged RINs, split RINs, new
activity for previously completed RINs, or duplicate RINs.
 Statement of Need--a description of the need for the regulatory
action.
 Summary of the Legal Basis--a description of the legal basis for
the action, including whether any aspect of the action is required by
statute or court order.
 Alternatives--a description of the alternatives the agency has
considered or will consider as required by section 4(c)(1)(B) of
Executive Order 12866.
 Anticipated Costs and Benefits--a description of preliminary
estimates of the anticipated costs and benefits of the action.
 Risks--a description of the magnitude of the risk the action
addresses, the amount by which the agency expects the action to reduce
this risk, and the relation of the risk and this risk reduction effort
to other risks and risk reduction efforts within the agency's
jurisdiction.

V. Abbreviations

The following abbreviations appear throughout this publication:
 ANPRM--An Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is a preliminary
notice, published in the Federal Register, announcing that an agency is
considering a regulatory action. An agency may issue an ANPRM before it
develops a detailed proposed rule. An ANPRM describes the general area
that may be subject to regulation and usually asks for public comment
on the issues and options being discussed. An ANPRM is issued only when
an agency believes it needs to gather more information before
proceeding to a notice of proposed rulemaking.
 CFR--The Code of Federal Regulations is an annual codification of
the general and permanent regulations published in the Federal Register
by the agencies of the Federal Government. The Code is divided into 50
titles, each title covering a broad area subject to Federal regulation.
The CFR is keyed to and kept up to date by the daily issues of the
Federal Register.
 EO--An Executive order is a directive from the President to
Executive agencies, issued under constitutional or statutory authority.
Executive orders are published in the Federal Register and in title 3
of the Code of Federal Regulations.
 FR--The Federal Register is a daily Federal Government publication
that provides a uniform system for publishing Presidential documents,
all proposed and final regulations, notices of meetings, and other
official documents issued by Federal agencies.
 FY--The Federal fiscal year runs from October 1 to September 30.
 NPRM--A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is the document an agency
issues and publishes in the Federal Register that describes and
solicits public comments on a proposed regulatory action. Under the
Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553), an NPRM must include, at a
minimum:
 A statement of the time, place, and nature of the public
rulemaking proceeding;
 a reference to the legal authority under which the rule is
proposed; and
 either the terms or substance of the proposed rule or a
description of the subjects and issues involved.
 Public Law (or Pub. L.)--A public law is a law passed by Congress
and signed by the President or enacted over his veto. It has general
applicability, unlike a private law that applies only to those persons
or entities specifically designated. Public laws are numbered in
sequence throughout the 2-year life of each Congress; for example, Pub.
L. 112-4 is the fourth public law of the 112th Congress.
 RFA--A Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is a description and
analysis of the impact of a rule on small entities, including small
businesses, small governmental jurisdictions, and certain small not-
for-profit organizations. The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601
et seq.) requires each agency to prepare an initial RFA for public
comment when it is required to publish an NPRM and to make available a
final RFA when the final rule is published, unless the agency head
certifies that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.
 RIN--The Regulation Identifier Number is assigned by the Regulatory
Information Service Center to identify each regulatory action listed in
the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda, as directed by Executive
Order 12866 (section 4(b)). Additionally, OMB has asked agencies to
include RINs in the headings of their Rule and Proposed Rule documents
when publishing them in the Federal Register, to make it easier for the
public and agency officials to track the publication history of
regulatory actions throughout their development.
 Seq. No.--The sequence number identifies the location of an entry
in the printed edition of the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda.
Note that a specific regulatory action will have the

[[Page 76461]]

same RIN throughout its development but will generally have different
sequence numbers if it appears in different printed editions of the
Unified Agenda. Sequence numbers are not used in the online Unified
Agenda.
 U.S.C.--The United States Code is a consolidation and codification
of all general and permanent laws of the United States. The U.S.C. is
divided into 50 titles, each title covering a broad area of Federal
law.

VI. How can users get copies of the plan and the agenda?

Copies of the Federal Register issue containing the printed edition
of The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda (agency regulatory
flexibility agendas) are available from the Superintendent of
Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, P.O. Box 371954,
Pittsburgh, PA 15250-7954. Telephone: (202) 512-1800 or 1-866-512-1800
(toll-free).
 Copies of individual agency materials may be available directly
from the agency or may be found on the agency's Web site. Please
contact the particular agency for further information.
 All editions of The Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda of
Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions since fall 1995 are
available in electronic form at http://reginfo.gov, along with flexible
search tools.
 The Government Printing Office's GPO FDsys Web site contains copies
of the Agendas and Regulatory Plans that have been printed in the
Federal Register. These documents are available at http://www.fdsys.gov.

Dated: September 19, 2014.
 John C. Thomas,
Executive Director.

INTRODUCTION TO THE 2014 REGULATORY PLAN

Executive Order 12866, issued in 1993, requires the production of a
Unified Regulatory Agenda and Regulatory Plan. Executive Order 13563,
issued in 2011, reaffirmed the requirements of Executive Order 12866.
 Consistent with these Executive Orders, the Office of Information
and Regulatory Affairs is providing the 2014 Unified Regulatory Agenda
(Agenda) and the Regulatory Plan (Plan) for public review. The Agenda
and Plan are preliminary statements of regulatory and deregulatory
policies and priorities under consideration. The Agenda and Plan
include ``active rulemakings'' that agencies could possibly conclude
over the next year. As in previous years, however, this list may also
include some rules that agencies will not end up issuing in the coming
year.
 The Plan provides a list of important regulatory actions that
agencies are considering for issuance in proposed or final form during
the 2015 fiscal year. In contrast, the Agenda is a more inclusive list,
including numerous ministerial actions and routine rulemakings, as well
as long-term initiatives that agencies do not plan to complete in the
coming year but on which they are actively working.
 A central purpose of the Agenda is to involve the public, including
State, local, and tribal officials, in federal regulatory planning. The
public examination of the Agenda and Plan will facilitate public
participation in a regulatory system that, in the words of Executive
Order 13563, protects ``public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' We emphasize that rules listed on
the Agenda must still undergo significant development and review before
they are issued. No regulatory action can become effective until it has
gone through the legally required processes, which generally include
public notice and comment. Any proposed or final action must also
satisfy the requirements of relevant statutes, Executive Orders, and
Presidential Memoranda. Those requirements, public comments, and new
information may or may not lead an agency to go forward with an action
that is currently under contemplation.
 Among other information, the Agenda also provides an initial
classification of whether a rulemaking is ``significant'' or
``economically significant'' under the terms of Executive Orders 12866
and 13563. Whether a regulation is listed on the Agenda as
``economically significant'' within the meaning of Executive Order
12866 (generally, having an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more) does not necessarily indicate whether it imposes high
costs on the private sector. Economically significant actions may
impose small costs or even no costs.
 Regulations may count as economically significant because they
confer large benefits or remove significant burdens. For example, the
Department of Health and Human Services issues regulations on an annual
basis, pursuant to statute, to govern annual changes in Medicare
payments. These payment regulations effectively authorize transfers of
billions of dollars to hospitals and other health care providers each
year. Regulations might therefore count as economically significant not
because they impose significant regulatory costs on the private sector,
but because they involve transfer payments as required or authorized by
law.

EOs 13563 and 13610: The Retrospective Review of Regulation

Executive Order 13563 reaffirms the principles, structures, and
definitions in Executive Order 12866, which has long governed
regulatory review. Executive Order 13563 explicitly points to the need
for predictability and certainty, as well as for use of the least
burdensome means to achieving regulatory ends. These Executive Orders
include the requirement that, to the extent permitted by law, agencies
should not proceed with rulemaking in the absence of a reasoned
determination that the benefits justify the costs; they establish
public participation, integration and innovation, flexible approaches,
scientific integrity, and retrospective review as areas of emphasis in
regulation. In particular, Executive Order 13563 explicitly draws
attention to the need to measure and to improve ``the actual results of
regulatory requirements''--a clear reference to the importance of
retrospective evaluation.
 Executive Order 13563 addresses new regulations that are under
development as well as retrospective review of existing regulations
that are already in place. With respect to agencies' review of existing
regulations, the Executive Order calls for careful reassessment based
on empirical analysis. The prospective analysis required by Executive
Order 13563 may depend on a degree of prediction and speculation about
a rule's likely impacts, and the actual costs and benefits of a
regulation may be lower or higher than what was anticipated when the
rule was originally developed.
 Executive Order 13610, Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens,
issued in 2012, institutionalizes the retrospective or lookback
mechanism set out in Executive Order 13563 by requiring agencies to
report to OMB and the public twice each year (January and July) on the
status of their retrospective review efforts, to ``describe progress,
anticipated accomplishments, and proposed timelines for relevant
actions.''
 Executive Orders 13563 and 13610 recognize that circumstances may
change in a way that requires reconsideration of regulatory
requirements. Lookback analysis allows agencies to reevaluate existing
rules and to streamline, modify, or eliminate those regulations that do
not make sense in their current form. The agencies' lookback efforts so
far during this Administration have yielded nearly $20 billion in near
term savings for the

[[Page 76462]]

American public, with significantly more to come.
 The Administration is continuing to work with agencies to
institutionalize retrospective review so that agencies regularly review
existing rules on the books to ensure they remain effective, cost-
justified, and based on the best available science. By
institutionalizing retrospective review of regulations, the
Administration will continue to examine what is working and what is
not, and eliminate unjustified and outdated regulations.
 Regulatory lookback is an ongoing exercise, and continues to be a
high priority for the Administration. As part of that prioritization,
the Administration requires that agencies regularly report about recent
progress and coming initiatives. In accordance with Executive Order
13610 and Executive Order 13563, in July 2014, agencies submitted to
OIRA the latest updates of their retrospective review plans. Federal
agencies will again update their retrospective review plans this
winter. We have also asked agencies to continue to emphasize regulatory
lookbacks in their latest Regulatory Plans.
 Reflecting that focus, the current agenda lists 83 rules that are
characterized as retroactively reviewing existing programs. Below are
some examples of agency plans to reevaluate current practices, in
accordance with Executive Orders 13563 and 13610:

--The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is working on a
rule to revise the requirements that Long-Term Care facilities must
meet to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These
proposed changes are necessary to reflect the substantial advances that
have been made over the past several years in the theory and practice
of service delivery and safety. These proposals are also an integral
part of HHS's efforts to achieve broad-based improvements both in the
quality of health care furnished through Federal programs, and in
patient safety, while at the same time reducing procedural burdens on
providers.
--The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is working on a
final rule to streamline the inspection and home warranty requirements
for Federal Housing Administration (FHA) single family mortgage
insurance and, in doing so, would increase choice and lower the costs
for FHA borrowers. First, HUD would remove regulations that require the
use of an inspector from the FHA Inspector Roster as a condition for
FHA mortgage insurance. This change is based on the recognition of the
sufficiency and quality of inspections carried out by local
jurisdictions, and HUD expects the rule will increase competition and
choice of inspectors among lenders. Second, this rule would also remove
the regulations requiring homeowners to purchase 10-year protection
plans from FHA-approved warranty issuers in order to qualify for high
loan-to-value FHA-insured mortgages. This change is based on the
increased quality of construction materials and the standardization of
building codes and building code enforcement, and HUD expects the rule
will reduce burden on homeowners that do not want to purchase
warranties and increase choice for the homeowners that still want to
purchase warranties. In total, HUD estimates up to $29 million in
warranty expenditures avoided, $100,000 in paperwork burden savings for
the public, and $50,000 in administrative cost savings for HUD.
--The Department of Labor is working to revise existing Sex
Discrimination Guidelines, which have not been substantively updated
since 1973, and to replace them with regulations that align with
current law and legal principles in order to address their application
to current workplace practices and issues.

E.O. 13609: International Regulatory Cooperation

In addition to using regulatory lookback as a tool to make our
regulatory system more efficient, the Administration has been focused
on promoting international regulatory cooperation. International
regulatory cooperation supports economic growth, job creation,
innovation, trade and investment, while also protecting public health,
safety, and welfare. In May 2012 President Obama issued Executive Order
13609, Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation, which emphasizes
the importance of these efforts as a key tool for eliminating
unnecessary differences in regulation between the United States and its
major trading partners. Additionally, as part of the regulatory
lookback initiative, Executive Order 13609 requires agencies to
``consider reforms to existing significant regulations that address
unnecessary differences in regulatory requirements between the United
States and its major trading partners . . . when stakeholders provide
adequate information to the agency establishing that the differences
are unnecessary.''
 Executive Order 13609 also directed agencies to submit a Regulatory
Plan that includes ``a summary of its international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations, with an explanation of how these activities
advance the purposes of Executive Order 13563,'' and Executive Order
13609. Further, Executive Order 13609 requires agencies to ``ensure
that significant regulations that the agency identifies as having
significant international impacts are designated as such'' in the
Regulatory Agenda. In furtherance of this focus on international
regulatory cooperation, this summer, the Administration and Canada
released the U.S.-Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) Joint
Forward Plan.\1\ The Forward Plan represents a significant pivot point
for the Administration's regulatory cooperation relationships with
Canada, and outlines new Federal agency-level partnership arrangements
to help institutionalize the way our regulators work together. The
Forward Plan will help remove duplicative requirements, develop common
standards, and identify potential areas where future regulation may
unnecessarily differ. This kind of international cooperation on
regulations between the United States and Canada will help eliminate
barriers to doing business in the United States or with U.S. companies,
grow the economy, and create jobs. The Forward Plan identifies 24 areas
of cooperation where the United States and Canada will work together to
implement over the next three to five years in order to modernize our
thinking around international regulatory cooperation and develop a
toolbox of strategies to address international regulatory issues as
they arise. We expect that future Agendas will reflect strong evidence
of this partnership.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Available at:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/oira/irc/us-canada-rcc-joint-f
orward-plan.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Administration continues to foster a regulatory system that
emphasizes that careful consideration of costs and benefits, public
participation, integration and innovation, flexible approaches, and
science. These requirements are meant to produce a regulatory system
that draws on recent learning, that is driven by evidence, and that is
suited to the distinctive circumstances of the twenty-first century.

[[Page 76463]]

Department of Agriculture
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
1............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD08 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Origin of Livestock, NOP-
 11-0009.
2............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Organic Pet Food
 Standards.
3............................. National Organic Program, 0581-AD31 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Organic Apiculture
 Practice Standard, NOP-
 12-0063.
4............................. National Organic 0581-AD34 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Program_Organic
 Aquaculture Standards.
5............................. Exemption of Producers 0581-AD37 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Handlers of Organic
 Products From Assessment
 Under a Commodity
 Promotion Law.
6............................. Noninsured Crop Disaster 0560-AI20 Final Rule
Stage.
 Assistance Program.
7............................. Conservation Compliance.. 0560-AI26 Final Rule
Stage.
8............................. Conservation Reserve 0560-AI30 Final Rule Stage.
 Program (CRP).
9............................. Brucellosis and Bovine 0579-AD65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Tuberculosis; Update of
 General Provisions.
10............................ Establishing a 0579-AD71 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Performance Standard for
 Authorizing the
 Importation and
 Interstate Movement of
 Fruits and Vegetables.
11............................ Viruses, Serums, Toxins, 0579-AD64 Final Rule
Stage.
 and Analogous Products;
 Single Label Claim for
 Veterinary Biological
 Products.
12............................ User Fees for 0579-AD77 Final Rule Stage.
 Agricultural Quarantine
 and Inspection Services.
13............................ Emergency Supplemental 0584-AE00 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Nutrition Assistance for
 Victims of Disasters
 Procedures.
14............................ Child Nutrition Program 0584-AE08 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Integrity.
15............................ Child and Adult Care Food 0584-AE18 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Program: Meal Pattern
 Revisions Related to the
 Healthy, Hunger-Free
 Kids Act of 2010.
16............................ Enhancing Retailer 0584-AE27 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Eligibility Standards in
 SNAP.
17............................ Supplemental Nutrition 0584-AD88 Final Rule
Stage.
 Assistance Program: Farm
 Bill of 2008 Retailer
 Sanctions.
18............................ Child Nutrition Programs: 0584-AE25 Final Rule
Stage.
 Local School Wellness
 Policy Implementation
 Under the Healthy,
 Hunger-Free Kids Act of
 2010.
19............................ SNAP: Employment and 0584-AE33 Final Rule Stage.
 Training (E&T)
 Performance Measurement,
 Monitoring and Reporting
 Requirements.
20............................ Requirements for the 0583-AD54 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Disposition of Non-
 Ambulatory Disabled Veal
 Calves.
21............................ Mandatory Inspection of 0583-AD36 Final Rule
Stage.
 Fish of the order
 Siluriformes and
 Products Derived From
 Such Fish.
22............................ Electronic Export 0583-AD41 Final Rule Stage.
 Application and
 Certification as a
 Reimbursable Service and
 Flexibility in the
 Requirements for
 Official Export
 Inspection Marks,
 Devices, and
 Certificates.
23............................ Descriptive Designation 0583-AD45 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Needle- or Blade-
 Tenderized (Mechanically
 Tenderized) Beef
 Products.
24............................ Records to be Kept by 0583-AD46 Final Rule Stage.

 Official Establishments
 and Retail Stores That
 Grind Raw Beef Products.
25............................ Forest Service Manual 0596-AC82 Final Rule Stage.

 2020_Ecological
 Restoration and
 Resilience Policy.
26............................ Land Management Planning 0596-AD06 Final Rule
Stage.
 Rule Policy.
27............................ Rural Energy for America 0570-AA76 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program.
28............................ Business and Industry 0570-AA85 Final Rule Stage.

 (B&I) Guaranteed Loan
 Program.
29............................ Biorefinery, Renewable 0570-AA93 Final Rule
Stage.
 Chemical, and Biobased
 Product Manufacturing
 Assistance Program.
30............................ Agricultural Conservation 0578-AA61 Final Rule
Stage.
 Easement Program.
31............................ Environmental Quality 0578-AA62 Final Rule Stage.

 Incentives Program
 (EQIP) Interim Rule.
32............................ Conservation Stewardship 0578-AA63 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program Interim Rule.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Commerce
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
33............................ Requirements for 0648-AY15 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Importation of Fish and
 Fish Product under the
 U.S. Marine Mammal
 Protection Act.
34............................ Designation of Critical 0648-AY54 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Habitat for the North
 Atlantic Right Whale.
35............................ Revision of Hawaiian Monk 0648-BA81 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Seal Critical Habitat.
36............................ Revision of the National 0648-BB92 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Standard 1 Guidelines.
37............................ Fishery Management Plan 0648-AS65 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Regulating Offshore
 Marine Aquaculture in
 the Gulf of Mexico.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Defense
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
38............................ Limitations on Terms of 0790-AJ10 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Consumer Credit Extended
 to Service Members and
 Dependents.
39............................ Defense Industrial Base 0790-AJ14 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (DIB) Cyber Security/
 Information Assurance
 (CS/IA) Activities:
 Amendment.
40............................ Service Academies........ 0790-AI19 Final Rule
Stage.

[[Page 76464]]


41............................ Foreign Commercial 0750-AI32 Final Rule Stage.
 Satellite Services
 (DFARS Case 2014-D010).
42............................ CHAMPUS/TRICARE: Pilot 0720-AB60 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program for Refills of
 Maintenance Medications
 for TRICARE For Life
 Beneficiaries Through
 the TRICARE Mail Order
 Program.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Education
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
43............................ Pay As You Earn.......... 1840-AD18 Proposed Rule
Stage.
44............................ Workforce Innovation and 1830-AA21 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Opportunity Act.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Energy
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
45............................ Energy Conservation 1904-AD09 Prerule Stage.
 Standards for General
 Service Lamps.
46............................ Energy Efficiency 1904-AC11 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Standards for
 Manufactured Housing.
47............................ Energy Conservation 1904-AD20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Standards for
 Residential Non-
 weatherized Gas Furnaces.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Health and Human Services
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
48............................ Current Good 0910-AG10 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Manufacturing Practice
 and Hazard Analysis and
 Risk-Based Preventive
 Controls for Food for
 Animals.
49............................ Standards for the 0910-AG35 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Growing, Harvesting,
 Packing, and Holding of
 Produce for Human
 Consumption.
50............................ Current Good 0910-AG36 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Manufacturing and Hazard
 Analysis, and Risk-Based
 Preventive Controls for
 Human Food.
51............................ Reports of Distribution 0910-AG45 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Sales Information
 for Antimicrobial Active
 Ingredients Used in Food-
 Producing Animals.
52............................ Foreign Supplier 0910-AG64 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Verification Program.
53............................ ``Tobacco Products'' 0910-AG38 Final Rule Stage.
 Subject to the Federal
 Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
 Act, as Amended by the
 Family Smoking
 Prevention and Tobacco
 Control Act.
54............................ Food Labeling: Calorie 0910-AG56 Final Rule
Stage.
 Labeling of Articles of
 Food Sold in Vending
 Machines.
55............................ Food Labeling: Nutrition 0910-AG57 Final Rule
Stage.
 Labeling of Standard
 Menu Items in
 Restaurants and Similar
 Retail Food
 Establishments.
56............................ Accreditation of Third- 0910-AG66 Final Rule
Stage.
 Party Auditors/
 Certification Bodies to
 Conduct Food Safety
 Audits and to Issue
 Certifications.
57............................ Revision of Postmarketing 0910-AG88 Final Rule
Stage.
 Reporting Requirements
 Discontinuance or
 Interruption in Supply
 of Certain Products
 (Drug Shortages).
58............................ Supplemental Applications 0910-AG94 Final Rule
Stage.
 Proposing Labeling
 Changes for Approved
 Drugs and Biological
 Products.
59............................ Veterinary Feed Directive 0910-AG95 Final Rule
Stage.
60............................ Reform of Requirements 0938-AR61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Long-Term Care
 Facilities (CMS-3260-P).
61............................ Mental Health Parity and 0938-AS24 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Addiction Equity Act of
 2008; the Application to
 Medicaid Managed Care,
 CHIP, and Alternative
 Benefit Plans (CMS-2333-
 P).
62............................ Electronic Health Record 0938-AS26 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (EHR) Incentive
 Programs_Stage 3 (CMS-
 3310-P).
63............................ CY 2016 Revisions to 0938-AS40 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Payment Policies under
 the Physician Fee
 Schedule and Other
 Revisions to Medicare
 Part B (CMS-1631-P).
64............................ Hospital Inpatient 0938-AS41 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Prospective Payment
 System for Acute Care
 Hospitals and the Long-
 Term Care Hospital
 Prospective Payment
 System and FY 2016 Rates
 (CMS-1632-P).
65............................ CY 2016 Hospital 0938-AS42 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Outpatient PPS Policy
 Changes and Payment
 Rates and Ambulatory
 Surgical Center Payment
 System Policy Changes
 and Payment Rates (CMS-
 1633-P).
66............................ Eligibility Notices, Fair 0938-AS27 Final Rule
Stage.
 Hearing and Appeal
 Processes for Medicaid
 and Exchange Eligibility
 Appeals, and Other
 Eligibility and
 Enrollment Provisions
 (CMS-2334-F2).
67............................ Child Care and 0970-AC53 Final Rule Stage.
 Development Fund Reforms
 to Support Child
 Development and Working
 Families.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


[[Page 76465]]


 Department of Homeland Security
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
68............................ Ammonium Nitrate Security 1601-AA52 Final Rule
Stage.
 Program.
69............................ Asylum and Withholding 1615-AA41 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Definitions.
70............................ New Classification for 1615-AA67 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Victims of Criminal
 Activity; Eligibility
 for the U Nonimmigrant
 Status.
71............................ Exception to the 1615-AB89 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Persecution Bar for
 Asylum, Refugee, and
 Temporary Protected
 Status, and Withholding
 of Removal.
72............................ Administrative Appeals 1615-AB98 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Office: Procedural
 Reforms to Improve
 Efficiency.
73............................ Classification for 1615-AA59 Final Rule Stage.
 Victims of Severe Forms
 of Trafficking in
 Persons; Eligibility for
 T Nonimmigrant Status.
74............................ Application of 1615-AB77 Final Rule Stage.
 Immigration Regulations
 to the Commonwealth of
 the Northern Mariana
 Islands.
75............................ Special Immigrant 1615-AB81 Final Rule Stage.
 Juvenile Petitions.
76............................ Employment Authorization 1615-AB92 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Certain H-4
 Dependent Spouses.
77............................ Enhancing Opportunities 1615-AC00 Final Rule
Stage.
 for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-3
 Nonimmigrants and EB-1
 Immigrants.
78............................ Vessel Requirements for 1625-AA99 Final Rule
Stage.
 Notices of Arrival and
 Departure, and Automatic
 Identification System.
79............................ Inspection of Towing 1625-AB06 Final Rule Stage.
 Vessels.
80............................ Transportation Worker 1625-AB21 Final Rule Stage.

 Identification
 Credential (TWIC); Card
 Reader Requirements.
81............................ Amendments to Importer 1651-AA98 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Security Filing and
 Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
82............................ Air Cargo Advance 1651-AB04 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Screening (ACAS).
83............................ Changes to the Visa 1651-AA72 Final Rule Stage.
 Waiver Program To
 Implement the Electronic
 System for Travel
 Authorization (ESTA)
 Program.
84............................ Implementation of the 1651-AA77 Final Rule Stage.

 Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver
 Program.
85............................ Definition of Form I-94 1651-AA96 Final Rule
Stage.
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
86............................ Security Training for 1652-AA55 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Surface Mode Employees.
87............................ Standardized Vetting, 1652-AA61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Adjudication, and
 Redress Services.
88............................ Passenger Screening Using 1652-AA67 Final Rule
Stage.
 Advanced Imaging
 Technology.
89............................ Adjustments to 1653-AA63 Final Rule Stage.
 Limitations on
 Designated School
 Official Assignment and
 Study By F-2 and M-2
 Nonimmigrants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Housing and Urban Development
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
90............................ Economic Opportunities 2529-AA91 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Low- and Very Low-
 Income Persons (FR-4893).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Justice
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
91............................ Implementation of the ADA 1190-AA60 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Amendments Act of 2008
 (Section 504 of the
 Rehabilitation Act of
 1973).
92............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA61 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability;
 Accessibility of Web
 Information and Services
 of Public Accommodations.
93............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA63 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability;
 Movie Captioning and
 Audio Description.
94............................ Nondiscrimination on the 1190-AA65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Basis of Disability:
 Accessibility of Web
 Information and Services
 of State and Local
 Governments.
95............................ Implementation of the ADA 1190-AA59 Final Rule
Stage.
 Amendments Act of 2008
 (Title II and Title III
 of the ADA).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Labor
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
96............................ Workforce Innovation and 1205-AB73 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Opportunity Act.
97............................ Respirable Crystalline 1219-AB36 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Silica.
98............................ Criteria and Procedures 1219-AB72 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Proposed Assessment
 of Civil Penalties.
99............................ Proximity Detection 1219-AB78 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Systems for Mobile
 Machines in Underground
 Mines.
100........................... Proximity Detection 1219-AB65 Final Rule Stage.
 Systems for Continuous
 Mining Machines in
 Underground Coal Mines.
101........................... Infectious Diseases...... 1218-AC46 Prerule
Stage.
102........................... Occupational Exposure to 1218-AB70 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Crystalline Silica.

[[Page 76466]]


103........................... Improve Tracking of 1218-AC49 Final Rule Stage.
 Workplace Injuries and
 Illnesses.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Transportation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
104........................... Operation and 2120-AJ60 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Certification of Small
 Unmanned Aircraft
 Systems (sUAS).
105........................... Slot Management and 2120-AJ89 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Transparency for
 LaGuardia Airport, John
 F. Kennedy International
 Airport, and Newark
 Liberty International
 Airport.
106........................... Drug and Alcohol Testing 2120-AK09 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of Certain Maintenance
 Provider Employees
 Located Outside of the
 United States.
107........................... Pilot Records Database 2120-AK31 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (HR 5900).
108........................... Safety Management Systems 2120-AJ86 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Certificate Holders.
109........................... National Goals and 2125-AF53 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Performance Management
 Measures (MAP-21).
110........................... National Goals and 2125-AF54 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Performance Management
 Measures (MAP-21).
111........................... Carrier Safety Fitness 2126-AB11 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Determination.
112........................... Electronic Logging 2126-AB20 Proposed Rule Stage.

 Devices and Hours of
 Service Supporting
 Documents (MAP-21).
113........................... Commercial Driver's 2126-AB18 Final Rule Stage.
 License Drug and Alcohol
 Clearinghouse (MAP-21).
114........................... Fuel Efficiency Standards 2127-AL52 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Medium- and Heavy-
 Duty Vehicles and Work
 Trucks: Phase 2.
115........................... Sound for Hybrid and 2127-AK93 Final Rule Stage.
 Electric Vehicles.
116........................... Electronic Stability 2127-AK97 Final Rule Stage.
 Control Systems for
 Heavy Vehicles (MAP-21).
117........................... State Safety Oversight 2132-AB19 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (MAP-21).
118........................... Pipeline Safety: Safety 2137-AE66 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of On-Shore Liquid
 Hazardous Pipelines.
119........................... Pipeline Safety: Gas 2137-AE72 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Transmission (RRR).
120........................... Hazardous Materials: 2137-AE91 Final Rule Stage.
 Enhanced Tank Car
 Standards and
 Operational Controls for
 High-Hazard Flammable
 Trains.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Department of Veterans Affairs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
121........................... Expedited Senior 2900-AP30 Final Rule Stage.
 Executive Removal
 Authority.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Environmental Protection Agency
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
122........................... Review of the National 2060-AP38 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Ambient Air Quality
 Standards for Ozone.
123........................... Review of the National 2060-AQ44 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Ambient Air Quality
 Standards for Lead.
124........................... Carbon Pollution Emission 2060-AR33 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Guidelines for Existing
 Stationary Sources: EGUs
 in Indian Country and
 U.S. Territories.
125........................... Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2060-AS16 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Fuel Efficiency
 Standards for Medium-
 and Heavy-Duty Engines
 and Vehicles_Phase 2.
126........................... Renewable Fuel 2015 2060-AS22 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Volume Standards.
127........................... Pesticides; Certification 2070-AJ20 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 of Pesticide Applicators.
128........................... Polychlorinated Biphenyls 2070-AJ38 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 (PCBs); Reassessment of
 Use Authorizations.
129........................... Lead; Renovation, Repair, 2070-AJ56 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 and Painting Program for
 Public and Commercial
 Buildings.
130........................... Revisions to the National 2050-AE87 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Oil and Hazardous
 Substances Pollution
 Contingency Plan;
 Subpart J Product
 Schedule Listing
 Requirements.
131........................... User Fee Schedule for 2050-AG80 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Electronic Hazardous
 Waste Manifest.
132........................... Modernization of the 2050-AG82 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Accidental Release
 Prevention Regulations
 Under Clean Air Act.
133........................... Petroleum Refinery Sector 2060-AQ75 Final Rule
Stage.
 Risk and Technology
 Review and New Source
 Performance Standards.
134........................... Standards of Performance 2060-AQ91 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Greenhouse Gas
 Emissions From New
 Stationary Sources:
 Electric Utility
 Generating Units.
135........................... Implementation of the 2060-AR34 Final Rule Stage.

 2008 National Ambient
 Air Quality Standards
 for Ozone: State
 Implementation Plan
 Requirements.
136........................... Carbon Pollution 2060-AR88 Final Rule Stage.
 Standards for Modified
 and Reconstructed
 Stationary Sources:
 Electric Utility
 Generating Units.
137........................... Pesticides; Agricultural 2070-AJ22 Final Rule
Stage.
 Worker Protection
 Standard Revisions.
138........................... Formaldehyde; Third-Party 2070-AJ44 Final Rule
Stage.
 Certification Framework
 for the Formaldehyde
 Standards for Composite
 Wood Products.

[[Page 76467]]


139........................... Formaldehyde Emissions 2070-AJ92 Final Rule
Stage.
 Standards for Composite
 Wood Products.
140........................... Standards for the 2050-AE81 Final Rule Stage.
 Management of Coal
 Combustion Residuals
 Generated by Commercial
 Electric Power Producers.
141........................... Revising Underground 2050-AG46 Final Rule Stage.
 Storage Tank
 Regulations_Revisions to
 Existing Requirements
 and New Requirements for
 Secondary Containment
 and Operator Training.
142........................... Effluent Limitations 2040-AF14 Final Rule Stage.
 Guidelines and Standards
 for the Steam Electric
 Power Generating Point
 Source Category.
143........................... Water Quality Standards 2040-AF16 Final Rule
Stage.
 Regulatory Revisions.
144........................... Definition of ``Waters of 2040-AF30 Final Rule
Stage.
 the United States''
 Under the Clean Water
 Act.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
145........................... Federal Sector Equal 3046-AB00 Prerule Stage.
 Employment Opportunity
 Process.
146........................... The Federal Sector's 3046-AA94 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Obligation To Be a Model
 Employer of Individuals
 With Disabilities.
147........................... Amendments to Regulations 3046-AB01 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Under the Americans With
 Disabilities Act.
148........................... Amendments to Regulations 3046-AB02 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 Under the Genetic
 Information
 Nondiscrimination Act of
 2008.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Social Security Administration
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
149........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG65 Proposed Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Digestive
 Disorders (3441P).
150........................... Revisions to 0960-AH63 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Representative Code of
 Conduct (3835P).
151........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AF35 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating
 Neurological Impairments
 (806F).
152........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AF88 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating
 Hematological Disorders
 (974F).
153........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG28 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Growth
 Disorders and Weight
 Loss in Children (3163F).
154........................... Use of Date of Written 0960-AG58 Final Rule
Stage.
 Statement as Filing Date
 (3431F).
155........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AG71 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Immune
 (HIV) System Disorders
 (3466F).
156........................... Revised Medical Criteria 0960-AH43 Final Rule
Stage.
 for Evaluating Cancer
 (Malignant Neoplastic
 Diseases) (3757F).
157........................... Submission of Evidence in 0960-AH53 Final Rule
Stage.
 Disability Claims
 (3802F).
158........................... Social Security Number 0960-AH68 Final Rule
Stage.
 Card Applications
 (3855I).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


 Nuclear Regulatory Commission
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Regulation
 Sequence No. Title identifier No. Rulemaking stage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
159........................... Revision of Fee 3150-AJ44 Proposed Rule Stage.
 Schedules: Fee Recovery
 for FY 2015 [NRC-2014-
 0200].
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

BILLING CODE 6820-27-P

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (USDA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

In FY 2015, USDA will focus on a number of high-priority
regulations necessary to implement the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill). This legislation, which was signed into law on February 7, 2014,
provides authorization for services and programs that impact every
American and millions of people around the world. The new Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for the taxpayer. The new Farm Bill will allow USDA to continue
record accomplishments on behalf of the American people, while
providing new opportunity and creating jobs across rural America. It
will enable USDA to further expand markets for agricultural products at
home and abroad, strengthen conservation efforts, create new
opportunities for local and regional food systems and grow the biobased
economy. It will provide a dependable safety net for America's farmers,
ranchers and growers. It will maintain important agricultural research
and ensure access to safe and nutritious food for all Americans. USDA's
regulatory efforts in the coming year will modify existing regulations
and introduce new regulatory actions necessary to implement the 2014
Farm Bill and to achieve the following goals identified in the
Department's Strategic Plan for 2010-2015:
 Assist rural communities to create prosperity so they are
self-sustaining, re-populating, and economically thriving. USDA is the
leading advocate for rural America. The Department supports rural
communities and enhances quality of life for rural residents by
improving

[[Page 76468]]

their economic opportunities, community infrastructure, environmental
health, and the sustainability of agricultural production. The common
goal is to help create thriving rural communities with good jobs where
people want to live and raise families where children have economic
opportunities and a bright future.
 Ensure our national forests and private working lands are
conserved, restored, and made more resilient to climate change, while
enhancing our water resources. America's prosperity is inextricably
linked to the health of our lands and natural resources. Forests,
farms, ranches, and grasslands offer enormous environmental benefits as
a source of clean air, clean and abundant water, and wildlife habitat.
These lands generate economic value by supporting the vital agriculture
and forestry sectors, attracting tourism and recreational visitors,
sustaining green jobs, and producing ecosystem services, food, fiber,
timber and non-timber products. They are also of immense social
importance, enhancing rural quality of life, sustaining scenic and
culturally important landscapes, and providing opportunities to engage
in outdoor activity and reconnect with the land.
 Help America promote agricultural production and
biotechnology exports as America works to increase food security. A
productive agricultural sector is critical to increasing global food
security. For many crops, a substantial portion of domestic production
is bound for overseas markets. USDA helps American farmers and ranchers
use efficient and sustainable production, biotechnology, and other
emergent technologies to enhance food security around the world and
find export markets for their products.
 Ensure that all of America's children have access to safe,
nutritious, and balanced meals. A plentiful supply of safe and
nutritious food is essential to the well-being of every family and the
healthy development of every child in America. USDA provides nutrition
assistance to children and low-income people who need it and works to
improve the healthy eating habits of all Americans, especially
children. In addition, the Department safeguards the quality and
wholesomeness of meat, poultry, and processed egg products, and it
addresses and prevents loss or damage from pests and disease outbreaks.
 Important regulatory activities supporting the accomplishment of
these goals in 2015 will include the following:
 Strengthening Food Safety Inspection. USDA will continue
to develop science-based regulations that improve the safety of meat,
poultry, and processed egg products in the least burdensome and most
cost-effective manner. Existing regulations will be revised to address
emerging food safety challenges, streamlined to remove excessively
prescriptive requirements, and updated to be made consistent with
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point principles. Among other
actions, USDA will amend regulations so that information presented on
food packaging is useful in assisting consumers with purchasing and
preparation decisions. The agency will also use technology to
streamline and improve the integrity of export certificates. To help
small businesses comply with food safety regulatory requirements, FSIS
will continue its collaboration with other USDA and State partners in
its small business outreach program.
 Improving Access to Nutrition Assistance and Dietary Behaviors. As
changes are made to the nutrition assistance programs, USDA will work
to ensure access to program benefits, strengthen program integrity,
improve diets and healthy eating, and promote physical activity
consistent with the national effort to reduce obesity. In support of
these activities in 2014, the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) plans to
publish a proposed rule updating meal pattern revisions for the Child
and Adult Care Food Program, as well as a proposal to enhance the
eligibility standards for SNAP retailers to increase access to more
healthful foods. FNS will continue to work to implement rules that
minimize participant and vendor fraud in its nutrition assistance
programs.
 Collaborating with Producers to Conserve Natural
Resources. The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is
amending the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) and Environmental
Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) regulations to incorporate
programmatic changes as authorized by the Farm Bill. CSP promotes
consultation at the local level to identify priority resource concerns
in geographic areas within a State. CSP encourages producers to address
environmental concerns while improving and conserving the quality and
condition of natural resources in a comprehensive manner. EQIP provides
assistance to landowners to address natural resource issues that impact
soil, water and related natural resources, including grazing lands,
wetlands, and wildlife habitat. The Farm Bill folded the former
Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP) into EQIP.
 Promoting Innovation through Partnerships. NRCS has a long
history of providing science-based, technically sound, and proven
conservation practices, advice, and alternatives to America's farmers
and ranchers. Traditionally, NRCS has worked with USDA agencies,
universities, and other nongovernmental organizations to identify and
refine new cutting-edge technology through on-farm trials and research.
Using this approach, NRCS continually reviews and revises conservation
practices based on new research or changes in technology.
 Through the Conservation Innovation Grants (CIG) component of EQIP,
NRCS involves additional partners in identifying and demonstrating new
approaches for possible NRCS adoption. CIG's purpose is to stimulate
the adoption of innovative conservation approaches and technologies in
agricultural production and leverage additional investments in
conservation. Partners assist NRCS with meeting the CIG goals of
identifying new conservation technologies and practices, conducting
demonstrations and field tests, and integrating widely applicable
technologies and practices into NRCS' toolkit of practices and
activities to help agricultural producers better address natural
resource concerns. NRCS is updating the CIG section of the EQIP
regulation to be consistent with Farm Bill amendments.
 Protecting Productive Agricultural Lands and Wetlands. The
Farm Bill combined several NRCS easement programs, including the
Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection
Program (FRPP), and the Grassland Reserve Program (GRP) into the new
Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP). ACEP will require
its own regulation to replace those of the repealed WRP, FRPP, and GRP
programs. ACEP will have two components: an agricultural land easement
component under which NRCS assists eligible entities to protect
agricultural land by limiting non-agricultural land uses and a wetland
reserve easement component under which NRCS provides technical and
financial assistance directly to landowners to restore, protect and
enhance wetlands through the purchase of wetlands reserve easements.
NRCS will maintain the existing easements and contracts formed under
the previous programs; however, they will all be considered part of
ACEP enrollment.
 Addressing Conservation Concerns on a Regional Level. The
Farm Bill established the Regional Conservation

[[Page 76469]]

Partnership Program (RCPP) to promote the implementation of
conservation activities through providing support for agreements
between producers and partner groups. Producers receive technical and
financial assistance through RCPP while NRCS and its partners help
producers install and maintain conservation activities. These projects
may focus on water quality and quantity, soil erosion, wildlife
habitat, drought mitigation, flood control, and other regional
priorities. Partners include producer associations, State or local
governments, Indian tribes, non-governmental organizations, and
institutions of higher education. RCPP projects affect multiple
agricultural or nonindustrial private forest operations on a local,
regional, State, or multistate level. The Farm Bill combined several
regional conservation initiatives into this program. RCPP is
implemented through an announcement of program funding through
Grants.gov; however, NRCS is publishing updates in the CSP, EQIP and
ACEP regulations to indicate that these are covered programs through
which RCPP can operate.
 Establish Framework for Managing our Nation's Forests and
Grasslands. The Forest Service will publish proposed guidance for
implementation of the 2012 Land Management Planning Rule. This guidance
will provide the detailed monitoring, assessment, and documentation
requirements that the managers of our national forests and grasslands
require to begin revising their land management plans under the 2012
Planning Rule. Currently 70 of the 120 Forest Service's Land Management
Plans are expired and in need of revision.
 Making Marketing and Regulatory Programs More Focused. The
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) plans to amend its
veterinary biologics regulations to provide for the use of a simpler,
uniform label format to better meet the needs of veterinary biologics
consumers. APHIS also plans to revise tuberculosis and brucellosis
regulations to better reflect the distribution of these diseases and
thereby minimize the impacts on livestock producers while continuing to
address these livestock diseases. In the area of plant health, APHIS
proposes to expand the streamlined method of considering the
importation and interstate movement of fruits and vegetables. The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) will support the organic sector by
updating the National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances as
advised by the National Organic Standards Board, streamlining organic
regulatory enforcement actions, developing organic pet food standards,
and proposing that all existing and replacement dairy animals from
which milk or milk products are intended to be sold as organic must be
managed organically from the last third of gestation.
 Promoting Biobased Products. USDA will continue to promote
sustainable economic opportunities to create jobs in rural communities
through the purchase and use of biobased products through the
BioPreferred[supreg] program. USDA will finalize regulations to revise
the BioPreferred[supreg] program guidelines to continue adding
designated product categories to the preferred procurement program,
including intermediates and feedstocks and finished products made of
intermediates and feedstocks. The Federal preferred procurement and the
certified label parts of the program are voluntary; both are designed
to assist biobased businesses in securing additional sales.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
initiatives are identified in the Department's Final Plan for
Retrospective Analysis. The final agency plans, as well as periodic
status updates for each initiative, are available online at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/21stcenturygov/actions/21st-century-regulatory-system.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly
 RIN Title reduce burdens on
 small businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
0583-AC59................ Prior Labeling Approval Yes.
 System: Generic Label
 Approval.
0583-AD41................ Electronic Export Yes.
 Application and
 Certification Fee.
0583-AD32................ Modernization of Poultry Yes.
 Slaughter Inspection.
0570-AA76................ Rural Energy America Yes.
 Program.
0570-AA85................ Business and Industry Yes.
 Loan Guaranteed Program.
0575-AC91................ Community Facilities Yes.
 Loan and Grants.
0596-AD01................ National Environmental Yes.
 Policy Act (NEPA)
 Efficiencies.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subsequent to EO 13563 and consistent with its goals as well as the
importance of public participation, President Obama issued Executive
Order 13610 on Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens in May 2012.
Executive Order 13610 directs agencies, in part, to give priority
consideration to those initiatives that will produce cost savings or
significant reductions in paperwork burdens. Accordingly, reducing the
regulatory burden on the American people and our trading partners is a
priority for USDA, and we will continually work to improve the
effectiveness of our existing regulations. As a result of our ongoing
regulatory review and burden reduction efforts, USDA has identified the
following burden-reducing initiatives:
 Increase Use of Generic Approval and Regulations
Consolidation. FSIS is finalizing a rule that will expand the
circumstances in which the labels of meat and poultry products will be
deemed to be generically approved by FSIS. The rule will reduce
regulatory burdens and generate a discounted Agency cost savings of
$3.3 million over 10 years (discounted at 7 percent).
 Implement Electronic Export Application for Meat and
Poultry Products. FSIS is finalizing a rule to provide exporters a fee-
based option for transmitting U.S. certifications to foreign importers
and governments electronically. Automating the export application and
certification process will facilitate the export of U.S. meat, poultry,
and egg products by streamlining the processes that are used while
ensuring that foreign regulatory requirements are met.
 Streamline Forest Service National Environmental Policy
Act (NEPA) Compliance. The Forest Service, in cooperation with the
Council on Environmental Quality, is promulgating rulemaking to
establish three new Categorical Exclusions for simple restoration
activities. These Categorical Exclusions will improve and streamline
the NEPA process and reduce the paperwork burden, as it applies to
Forest Service projects without reducing environmental protection.

[[Page 76470]]

Increase Accessibility to the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP). Under REAP, Rural Development provides guaranteed loans
and grants to support the purchase, construction, or retrofitting of a
renewable energy system. This rulemaking will streamline the
application process for grants, lessening the burden on the applicant.
The rulemaking is expected to reduce the information collection.
 Reduced Duplication in Farm Programs. The Farm and Foreign
Agricultural Services (FFAS) mission area is reducing the paperwork
burden on program participants by consolidating the information
collections required to participate in farm programs administered by
the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and the Federal crop insurance program
administered by the Risk Management Agency (RMA). As a result,
producers will be able to spend less time reporting information to
USDA. Additionally, FSA and RMA will be better able to share
information, thus improving operational efficiency. FFAS is simplifying
and standardizing, to the extent practical, acreage reporting
processes, program dates, and data definitions across the various USDA
programs and agencies. FFAS is making improvements to allow producers
to use information from their farm-management and precision agriculture
systems for reporting production, planted and harvested acreage, and
other key information needed to participate in USDA programs. FFAS is
also streamlining the collection of producer information by FSA and RMA
with the agricultural production information collected by the National
Agricultural Statistics Service. These process changes allow for
program data that is common across agencies to be collected once and
utilized or redistributed to agency programs in which the producer
chooses to participate. FFAS will conduct a pilot project in spring
2015 to test the ability of FSA county offices to receive electronic
acreage reports through a third-party service provider; the pilot will
add additional States following the 2014 small ``proof-of-concept'' in
Illinois.
 Periodic status updates for these burden-reducing initiatives can
be found online at:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/21stcenturygov/actions/21st-century-regulatory-system.

 In addition to regulatory review initiatives identified under
Executive Order 13563 and the paper work burden reduction initiatives
identified under the Executive Order 13610, USDA has plans to initiate
the following additional streamlining initiatives in 2015.
 Simplify FSA NEPA Compliance. FSA proposed revisions to
its regulations that implement NEPA to update, improve, and clarify
requirements. It also proposed new categorical exclusions and removing
obsolete provisions. FSA will revise the regulations with any
additional improvements being made based on public comments to the
proposed rule. Annual cost savings to FSA as a result of this rule
could be $345,000 from conducting 314 fewer environmental assessments
per year, while retaining strong environmental protection.
 Simplify Equipment Contracts for Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) Loans. RUS is proposing a rule that would result in a new
standard Equipment Contract Form for use by Telecommunications Program
borrowers. This new standardized contract would ensure that certain
standards and specifications are met, and this new form would replace
the current process that requires all construction providers to use
their own resources to develop a contract for each project.
 Consolidate Community Facilities Programs Loan and Grant
Requirements. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is proposing to
consolidate seven of the regulations used to service Community
Facilities direct loans and grants into one streamlined regulation.
This rule will reduce the time burden on RHS staff and provide the
public with a single document that clearly outlines the requirements
for servicing Community Facilities direct loans and grants.
 Update Tuberculosis and Brucellosis Programs. Given the
success USDA has had in nearly eradicating tuberculosis and brucellosis
in ruminants, APHIS will propose rulemaking to update and consolidate
its regulations regarding these diseases to better reflect the current
distribution of these diseases and the changes in which cattle, bison,
and captive cervid are produced in the United States.

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation Under Executive Order
13609:

President Obama issued Executive Order 13609 on promoting
international regulatory cooperation in May 2012. The Executive order
charges the Regulatory Working Group, an interagency working group
chaired by the Administrator of Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs (OIRA), with examining appropriate strategies and best
practices for international regulatory cooperation. The Executive order
also directs agencies to identify factors that should be taken into
account in evaluating the effectiveness of regulatory approaches used
by trading partners with whom the U.S. is engaged in regulatory
cooperation. At this time, USDA is identifying international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations, while working closely with the Administration
to refine the guidelines implementing the Executive order. Apart from
international regulatory cooperation, the Department has continued to
identify regulations with international impacts, as it has done in the
past. Such regulations are those that are expected to have
international trade and investment effects or otherwise may be of
interest to our international trading partners.
 USDA is diligently working to carry out the President's Executive
order mandate with regard to regulatory cooperation as new regulations
are developed. Several agencies within the Department are also actively
engaged in interagency and Departmental regulatory cooperation
initiatives being pursued as part of the U.S.-Mexico High Level
Regulatory Cooperation Council (HLRCC) and the U.S.-Canada Regulatory
Cooperation Council (RCC), as well as other fora. Specific projects are
being pursued by USDA agencies such as AMS, APHIS, and FSIS and address
a variety of regulatory oversight processes and requirements related to
meat, poultry, and animal and plant health. Projects related to
electronic certification, equivalence, meat nomenclature, and the
efficient and safe flow of plants, animals and food across our shared
borders are all regulatory cooperation pursuits these agencies are
undertaking in order to secure better alignment among our countries
without compromising the high standards of safety we have in place in
the U.S. relative to food safety and public health, as well as plant
and animal health, that are so critical to American agriculture.

Major Regulatory Priorities

This following represents summary information on prospective
priority regulations as called for in Executive Orders 12866 and 13563:
Food and Nutrition Service
 Mission: FNS works to end hunger and obesity through the
administration of federal nutrition assistance programs including WIC,
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and school meals.

[[Page 76471]]

Priorities: In addition to responding to provisions of legislation
authorizing and modifying Federal nutrition assistance programs, FNS's
2015 regulatory plan supports USDA's Strategic Goal to ``ensure that
all of America's children have access to safe, nutritious and balanced
meals'' and its related objectives:
 Increase Access to Nutritious Food. This objective
represents FNS's efforts to improve nutrition by providing access to
program benefits (food consumed at home, school meals, commodities) and
distributing State administrative funds to support program operations.
To advance this objective, FNS plans to publish a final rule
implementing the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010's Community
Eligibility Provision, which eliminates the burden of household
applications and increases access to free school lunches and breakfasts
for children in eligible high-poverty schools. FNS will also publish a
proposed rule to codify procedures for providing temporary SNAP
benefits during emergencies for victims of disasters.
 Improve Program Integrity. FNS also plans to publish a
number of rules to increase efficiency, reduce the burden of program
operations, and further reduce improper payments. Program integrity
provisions will continue to be strengthened in the SNAP and Child
Nutrition programs to ensure Federal taxpayer dollars are spent
effectively. To support this objective, FNS plans to publish a final
rule from the 2008 Farm Bill that increases the penalty for SNAP
authorized stores that are involved in the trafficking of Program
benefits. Additionally, FNS plans to publish a proposed rule to
establish consistent, outcome-focused performance measures for the SNAP
Employment and Training Program. For Child Nutrition, FNS plans to
publish a proposed rule to strengthen oversight requirements and
institution disqualification procedures, allow the imposition of fines
by USDA or State agencies for egregious and/or repeated program
violations, and address several deficiencies identified through program
audits and reviews.
 Promote Healthy Diet and Physical Activity Behaviors. This
objective represents FNS's efforts to ensure that program benefits meet
appropriate standards to effectively improve nutrition for program
participants, to improve the diets of its clients through nutrition
education, and to support the national effort to reduce obesity by
promoting healthy eating and physical activity. To implement provisions
included in the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act of 2010. FNS plans to
publish a proposed rule that updates the meal patterns for the Child
and Adult Care Food Program to align them with the latest Dietary
Guidelines for Americans and final rules that establish professional
standards for school food service and State child nutrition program
directors, require schools to develop local wellness policies that
promote the health of students and address the growing problem of
childhood obesity. Additionally, FNS plans to publish a proposed rule
to implement the 2014 Farm Bill governing the eligibility of retail
food stores participating in SNAP that will improve SNAP participants'
access to healthy food options.
Food Safety and Inspection Service
 Mission: FSIS is responsible for ensuring that meat, poultry, and
processed egg products in interstate and foreign commerce are
wholesome, not adulterated, and are properly marked, labeled, and
packaged.
 Priorities: FSIS is committed to developing and issuing science-
based regulations intended to ensure that meat, poultry, and processed
egg products are wholesome and not adulterated or misbranded. FSIS
regulatory actions support the objective to protect public health by
ensuring that food is safe under USDA's goal to ensure access to safe
food. To reduce the number of foodborne illnesses and increase program
efficiencies, FSIS will continue to review its existing authorities and
regulations to ensure that it can address emerging food safety
challenges, to streamline excessively prescriptive regulations, and to
revise or remove regulations that are inconsistent with the FSIS's
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) regulations. FSIS is
also working with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to improve
coordination and increase the effectiveness of inspection activities.
FSIS's priority initiatives are as follows:
 Implement Inspection of Certain Fish, Including Catfish
and Catfish Products. FSIS plans to issue a final rule to implement a
new inspection system for all fish of the order Siluriformes, as
required by the 2014 Farm Bill. The rule will define inspection
requirements for this type of fish and will take into account the
conditions under which the fish is raised and transported to a
processing establishment.
 Streamline Export Application Processes through the Public
Health Information System (PHIS). To support its food safety inspection
activities, FSIS is continuing to implement PHIS, a user-friendly and
Web-based system that automates many of the Agency's business
processes. PHIS also enables greater exchange of information between
FSIS and other Federal agencies, such as U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, which is involved alongside FSIS in tracking cross-border
movement of import and export shipments of meat, poultry, and processed
egg products. To facilitate the implementation of some PHIS components,
FSIS is finalizing regulations to provide for electronic export
application and certification processes.
 Update Nutrition Facts Panels for Meat and Poultry
Products. FSIS will propose to amend its regulations so that the
nutrition labeling requirements for meat and poultry products reflect
recent scientific research and dietary recommendations and to improve
the presentation of nutrition information to assist consumers in
maintaining healthy dietary practices. These revisions will be
consistent with the recent changes that the Food and Drug
Administration proposed for conventional foods and will ensure that
there is consistency in how nutrition information is presented across
the food supply.
 Ensure Accurate Labeling of Mechanically Tenderized Beef.
FSIS has concluded that without proper labeling, raw or partially
cooked mechanically tenderized beef products could be mistakenly
perceived by consumers to be whole, intact muscle cuts. The fact that a
cut of beef has been needle or blade-tenderized is a characterizing
feature of the product and, as such, is a material fact likely to
affect consumers' purchase decisions and should affect their
preparation of the product. FSIS has also concluded that the addition
of validated cooking instruction is required to ensure that potential
pathogens throughout the product are destroyed. Without thorough
cooking, pathogens that may have been introduced to the interior of the
product during the tenderization process may remain in the product. The
Agency will finalize regulations requiring that raw, mechanically
tenderized (needle or blade) beef products be labeled to indicate that
they are ``mechanically tenderized.''
 Improve the Efficiency of Product Recalls. FSIS is
developing a final rule that will amend recordkeeping regulations to
specify that all official establishments and retail stores that grind
or chop raw beef products for sale in commerce must keep records that
disclose the identity of the supplier of all source materials that they
use in the preparation of each lot of raw ground or chopped product and
identify the names of those source materials. FSIS

[[Page 76472]]

investigators and public health officials frequently use records kept
by all levels of the food distribution chain, including the retail
level, to identify and trace back product that is the source of the
illness to the suppliers that produced the source material for the
product. Access to this information will improve FSIS's ability to
conduct timely and effective consumer foodborne illness investigations
and other public health activities throughout the stream of commerce.
 Improve Compliance with the Humane Methods of Slaughter
Act. FSIS has concluded that prohibiting the slaughter of all non-
ambulatory disabled veal calves will improve compliance with the Humane
Methods of Slaughter Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) and will also
improve the Agency's inspection efficiency by eliminating the time that
FSIS inspection program personnel spend re-inspecting non-ambulatory
disabled veal calves. FSIS plans to propose to amend its regulations on
ante-mortem inspection to remove a provision that permits
establishments to set apart and hold for treatment veal calves that are
unable to rise from a recumbent position and walk because they are
tired or cold (9 CFR 309.13(b)). Under the proposed rule, non-
ambulatory disabled veal calves that are offered for slaughter will be
condemned and promptly euthanized.
 FSIS Small Business Implications. The great majority of
businesses regulated by FSIS are small businesses. FSIS conducts a
small business outreach program that provides critical training, access
to food safety experts, and information resources, such as compliance
guidance and questions and answers on various topics, in forms that are
uniform, easily comprehended, and consistent. FSIS collaborates in this
effort with other USDA agencies and cooperating State partners. For
example, FSIS makes plant owners and operators aware of loan programs
available through USDA's Rural Business and Cooperative programs to
help them in upgrading their facilities. FSIS employees will meet with
small and very small plant operators to learn more about their specific
needs and explore how FSIS can tailor regulations to better meet the
needs of small and very small establishments, while maintaining the
highest level of food safety.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
 Mission: A major part of the mission of APHIS is to protect the
health and value of American agricultural and natural resources. APHIS
conducts programs to prevent the introduction of exotic pests and
diseases into the United States and conducts surveillance, monitoring,
control, and eradication programs for pests and diseases in this
country. These activities enhance agricultural productivity and
competitiveness and contribute to the national economy and the public
health. APHIS also conducts programs to ensure the humane handling,
care, treatment, and transportation of animals under the Animal Welfare
Act.
 Priorities: APHIS continues to pursue initiatives to update its
regulations to make them more flexible and performance-based. For
example, in the area of animal health, APHIS is preparing a final rule
to amend its veterinary biologics regulations to provide for the use of
a simpler, uniform label format that would allow biologics licensees
and permittees to more clearly communicate product performance
information to the end user. In addition, the rule would simplify the
evaluation of efficacy studies and reduce the amount of time required
by APHIS to evaluate study data, thus allowing manufacturers to market
their products sooner. APHIS has also prepared a proposed rule that
would revise and consolidate its regulations regarding bovine
tuberculosis and brucellosis to better reflect the distribution of
these diseases and the current nature of cattle, bison, and captive
cervid production in the United States. In the area of plant health,
APHIS has prepared a proposed rule that would establish performance
standards and a notice-based process for approving the interstate
movement of fruits and vegetables from Hawaii and the U.S. Territories
and the importation of those articles from other countries. In
addition, APHIS will revise agricultural quarantine and inspection user
fees so that fees collected are commensurate with the cost of providing
the activity.
Agricultural Marketing Service
 Mission: AMS's mission is to facilitate the competitive and
efficient marketing of agricultural products. AMS provides marketing
services to producers, manufacturers, distributors, importers,
exporters, and consumers of food products. AMS also manages the
government's food purchases, supervises food quality grading, maintains
food quality standards, supervises the Federal research and promotion
programs, and oversees the country of origin labeling program as well
as the National Organic Program (NOP).
 Priorities: AMS intends to support the government's initiative to
streamline regulatory actions by establishing a process to communicate
fees for our voluntary user fee programs annually through publication
of a Federal Register notice. AMS is also committed to ensuring the
integrity of USDA organic products in the U.S. and throughout the
world. In addition to its ongoing work to develop organic pet food,
apiculture, and aquaculture standards, the Agency is moving forward
with the following priority rulemakings that affect the organic
industry:
 Research and Promotion Programs Organic Exemption. USDA
intends to implement the 2014 Farm Bill provision to expand the organic
exemption for research and promotion program assessments. This action
would exempt organic operations with ``100 percent organic'' and
``organic'' products, including certain split operations, from paying
research and promotion program assessments.
 Transitioning Dairy Animals into Organic Production.
Members of the organic community, including dairy producers, organic
interest groups, and the National Organic Standards Board have
advocated for rulemaking on the allowance for transitioning dairy
animals into organic production. Stakeholders have interpreted the
current standard differently, creating inconsistencies across dairy
producers. AMS has submitted a proposed rule for clearance on this
issue. This proposed change to the organic standards is intended to
level the playing field for organic dairy producers.
Farm Service Agency
 Mission: FSA's mission is to deliver timely, effective programs and
services to America's farmers and ranchers to support them in
sustaining our Nation's vibrant agricultural economy, as well as to
provide first-rate support for domestic and international food aid
efforts. FSA has successfully expedited the implementation of several
major regulatory priorities resulting from the 2014 Farm Bill,
including new programs such as the Agriculture Risk Coverage Program,
Price Loss Coverage Program, Margin Protection Program for Dairy, Dairy
Product Donation Program, Cotton Transition Assistance Program, and
improvements to existing programs such as disaster assistance programs,
entity eligibility for Farm Loan Programs, and Microloans. FSA supports
USDA's strategic goals by stabilizing farm income, providing credit to
new or existing farmers and ranchers who are temporarily unable to
obtain credit from commercial sources, and helping farm operations
recover from the effects of disaster. FSA administers several
conservation programs directed toward

[[Page 76473]]

agricultural producers. The largest program is the Conservation Reserve
Program, which protects up to 32 million acres of environmentally
sensitive land.
 Priorities: FSA is focused on continuing to implement the 2014 Farm
Bill while providing the best possible service to producers while
protecting the environment by updating and streamlining environmental
compliance. FSA's priority initiatives are as follows:
 Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP). FSA
will revise its NAP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill
changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes include enhanced protection under
NAP, which is also known as NAP buy-up to allow producers to buy
additional NAP coverage for an additional premium; revised NAP
eligibility requirements for coverage on tilled native sod; added
coverage for sweet sorghum and biomass sorghum; service fee waivers for
beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers.
 Conservation Compliance. FSA, working in coordination with
NRCS and RMA, will revise the USDA conservation compliance regulations
to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes
linking eligibility for any premium subsidy paid by FCIC on a policy or
plan of federally reinsured crop insurance to be in compliance with
Highly Erodible Land Conservation and Wetlands Conservation provisions.
Since enactment of the 1985 Farm Bill, eligibility for most commodity,
disaster, and conservation programs has been linked to compliance with
the Highly Erodible Land Conservation and Wetland Conservation
provisions. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the requirement that producers
adhere to conservation compliance guidelines to be eligible for most
programs administered by FSA and NRCS.
 Marketing Assistance Loans (MAL) and Loan Deficiency
Payments (LDP). FSA will revise its MAL and LDP regulations to
implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill changes
reauthorize MAL and LDP for all eligible commodities including cotton,
honey, and sugar loans, for the 2014 through 2018 crop years. The MAL
and LDP Programs allow producers to receive short-term loans against
their crops so that producers can market their crops at a time that is
convenient for them, rather than being forced to sell immediately after
harvest to pay the bills. The MAL and LDP programs are continued with
no changes to the loan rates except for cotton, and there are no other
changes to the basic structure of the programs. The changes extend the
program years and add clarity to the regulations. MALs, LDPs and sugar
loans are Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) programs administered by
the Farm Service Agency (FSA).
 Farm Loan Programs (FLP) changes. FSA will revise its FLP
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm Bill
changes include expanding lending opportunities for thousands of
farmers and ranchers to begin and continue operations, including
greater flexibility in determining eligibility, raising loan limits,
and emphasizing beginning and socially disadvantaged producers.
Specific changes include: Eliminating loan term limits for guaranteed
operating loans, modifying the definition of beginning farmers,
allowing debt forgiveness on youth loans, increasing the guaranteed
amount on conservation loans from 75 to 80 percent and 90 percent for
beginning farmers and socially disadvantaged producers, changing the
interest rate on Direct Farm Ownership loans that are made in
conjunction with other lenders, and increasing the maximum loan amount
for the down payment loan program from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP). FSA will revise
its BCAP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014
Farm Bill changes include extending BCAP through 2018 and revising BCAP
to add some new payment amounts and eligibility restrictions. Specific
changes include: revising eligible materials to remove bagasse, add
materials used for research material, and require that all woody
biomass be harvested directly from the land and reducing the payment
for collection, harvest, storage, and transportation matching payments
to $20 per dry ton. BCAP provides financial assistance to producers who
establish and harvest biomass crops and requires at least 10 percent of
payments to be matching payments.
 Conservation Reserve Program (CRP). FSA will revise its
CRP regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes. The 2014 Farm
Bill changes include extending the authority to enroll acreage in CRP
through September 30, 2018, and requiring enrollment to be no more than
24 million acres beginning October 1, 2016. There are 25.6 million
acres enrolled in CRP, of which 2 million expired on September 30,
2014.
 Streamline Environmental Compliance (NEPA). FSA will
revise its regulations that implement NEPA. The changes improve the
efficiency, transparency, and consistency of NEPA implementation.
Changes include aligning the regulations to NEPA regulations and
guidance from the President's Council on Environmental Quality,
providing a single set of regulations that reflect the Agency's current
structure, clarifying the types of actions that require an
Environmental Assessment (EA), and adding to the list of actions that
are categorically excluded from further environmental review because
they have no significant effect on the human environment. FSA will
develop any additional changes resulting from public comments to the
proposed rule.
Forest Service
 Mission: FS's mission is to sustain the health, productivity, and
diversity of the Nation's forests and rangelands to meet the needs of
present and future generations. This includes protecting and managing
National Forest System lands; providing technical and financial
assistance to States, communities, and private forest landowners, plus
developing and providing scientific and technical assistance; and the
exchange of scientific information to support international forest and
range conservation. FS regulatory priorities support the Department's
goal to ensure our National forests are conserved, restored, and made
more resilient to climate change, while enhancing our water resources.
 Priorities: FS is committed to developing and issuing science-based
regulations intended to ensure public participation in the management
of our Nation's national forests and grasslands, while also moving
forward the Agency's ability to plan and conduct restoration projects
on National Forest System lands. FS will continue to review its
existing authorities and regulations to ensure that it can address
emerging challenges, to streamline excessively burdensome business
practices, and to revise or remove regulations that are inconsistent
with the USDA's vision for restoring the health and function of the
lands it is charged with managing. FS's priority initiatives are as
follows:
 Implement Land Management Planning Framework. The Forest
Service promulgated a new Land Management Planning Rule at 36 CFR part
219 in April 2012 that sets out the requirements for developing,
amending, and revising land management plans for units of the National
Forest System. The planning directives, once finalized, will be used to
implement the planning framework which fosters collaboration with the
public during land management planning, is science-based and responsive
to change and promotes

[[Page 76474]]

social, economic, and ecological sustainability.
 Strengthen Ecological Restoration Policies. This policy
would recognize the adaptive capacity of ecosystems and includes the
role of natural disturbances and uncertainty related to climate and
other environmental change. The need for ecological restoration of
National Forest System lands is widely recognized, and the Forest
Service has conducted restoration-related activities across many
programs for decades. ``Restoration'' is a common way of describing
much of the Agency's work, and the concept is threaded throughout
existing authorities, program directives, and collaborative efforts
such as the National Fire Plan, a 10-Year comprehensive strategy and
implementation plan, and the Healthy Forests Restoration Act. However,
the Agency did not have a definition of ``restoration'' established in
policy. The lack of a definition was identified as a barrier to
collaborating with the public and partners to plan and accomplish
restoration work.
Rural Development
 Mission: Rural Development (RD) promotes a dynamic business
environment in rural America that creates jobs, community
infrastructure, and housing opportunities in partnership with the
private sector and community-based organizations by providing financial
assistance and business planning services and supporting projects that
create or preserve quality jobs, advance energy efficiency and the
bioeconomy, and strengthen local and regional food systems while
focusing on the development of single- and multi-family housing and
community infrastructure. RD financial resources are often leveraged
with those of other public and private credit source lenders to meet
business and credit needs in under-served areas. Recipients of these
programs may include individuals, corporations, partnerships,
cooperatives, public bodies, nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes, and
private companies.
 Priorities: RD regulatory priorities will facilitate sustainable
renewable energy development and enhance the opportunities necessary
for rural families to thrive economically. RD's rules will minimize
program complexity and the related burden on the public while enhancing
program delivery and Rural Business-Cooperative Service oversight.
 Increase Accessibility to the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP). Under REAP, Rural Development provides guaranteed loans
and grants to support the purchase, construction, or retrofitting of a
renewable energy system. This rulemaking will streamline the
application process for grants, lessening the burden to the customer.
The rulemaking is expected to reduce the information collection. REAP
will also be revised to ensure a larger number of applicants will be
made available through the issuing of smaller grants. As a result,
funding will be distributed evenly across the applicant pool and
encourage greater development of renewable energy.
 Broadband Access Loans. Increasing access to broadband
service is a critical factor in improving the quality of life in rural
America and in providing the foundation needed for creating jobs. The A
2014 Farm Bill revises program provisions particularly with regard to
broadband speed and application priority. Revised regulations for the
Broadband Access Loan Program are anticipated to be published in the
Federal Register in the spring of 2015.
 Modify review of Single Family Housing Direct Loans. RD
will publish the certified loan packager regulation to streamline
oversight of the agency's vast network of committed Agency-certified
packagers. This action will help low- and very low-income people become
homeowners. It will also reduce the burden on program staff, enabling
them to focus on implementation and delivery, and will ensure
specialized support is available to them to complete the application
for assistance, improving the quality of loan application packages.

Departmental Management

Mission: Departmental Management's mission is to provide management
leadership to ensure that USDA administrative programs, policies,
advice and counsel meet the needs of USDA programs, consistent with
laws and mandates, and provide safe and efficient facilities and
services to customers.
Priorities:
 Promote Biobased Products: In support of the Department's
goal to increase prosperity in rural areas, USDA's Departmental
Management plans to publish regulations to implement the requirement in
the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill) to establish eligibility
criteria for forest and other traditional biobased products in the
BioPreferred[supreg] program.
Aggregate Costs and Benefits
 USDA will ensure that its regulations provide benefits that exceed
costs, but are unable to provide an estimate of the aggregated impacts
of its regulations. Problems with aggregation arise due to differing
baselines, data gaps, and inconsistencies in methodology and the type
of regulatory costs and benefits considered. Some benefits and costs
associated with rules listed in the regulatory plan cannot currently be
quantified as the rules are still being formulated. For 2015, USDA's
focus will be to implement the changes to programs in such a way as to
provide benefits while minimizing program complexity and regulatory
burden for program participants.

USDA--Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)

Proposed Rule Stage

1. National Organic Program, Origin of Livestock, NOP-11-0009

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, December 31, 2014.
 The proposed action would eliminate the two-track system and
require that upon transition, all existing and replacement dairy
animals from which milk or milk products are intended to be sold,
labeled, or represented as organic, must be managed organically from
the last third of gestation.
 Abstract: The current regulations provide two tracks for replacing
dairy animals which are tied to how dairy farmers transition to organic
production. Farmers who transition an entire distinct herd must
thereafter replace dairy animals with livestock that has been under
organic management from the last third of gestation. Farmers who do not
transition an entire distinct herd may perpetually obtain replacement
animals that have been managed organically for 12 months prior to
marketing milk or milk products as organic. The proposed action would
eliminate the two-track system and require that upon transition, all
existing and replacement dairy animals from which milk or milk products
are intended to be sold, labeled, or represented as organic must be
managed organically from the last third of gestation.
 Statement of Need: This action is being taken because of concerns
raised by various parties, including the National Organic Standards
Board (NOSB), about the dual tracks for dairy replacement animals. The
proposed action would institute the same requirements across all
producers.

[[Page 76475]]

Summary of Legal Basis: The National Organic Program regulations
stipulate the requirements for dairy replacement animals in section
205.236(a)(2) Origin of Livestock. In addition, in response to the
final ruling in the 2005 case, Harvey v. Johanns, the USDA committed to
rulemaking to address the concerns about dairy replacement animals.
 Alternatives: The program considered initiating the rulemaking with
an ANPRM. It was determined that there is sufficient awareness of the
expectations of the organic community to proceed with a proposed rule.
As alternatives, we considered the status quo, however, this would
continue the disparity between producers who can continually transition
conventional dairy animals into organic production and producers who
source dairy animals that are organic from the last third of gestation.
We also considered an action that would restrict the source of breeder
stock and movement of breeder stock after they are brought onto an
organic operation; however, this would minimize the flexibility of
producers to purchase breeder stock from any source as specified under
the Organic Foods Production Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 Risks: Continuation of the two-track system jeopardizes the
viability of the market for organic heifers. A potential risk
associated with the rulemaking would be a temporary supply shortage of
dairy replacement animals due to the increased demand.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD08

USDA--AMS

2. National Organic Program, Organic Pet Food Standards

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 30, 2015.
 The National Organic Program (NOP) is establishing national
standards governing the marketing of organically produced agricultural
products.
 Abstract: The National Organic Program (NOP) is establishing
national standards governing the marketing of organically produced
agricultural products. In 2004, the National Organic Standards Board
(NOSB) initiated the development of organic pet food standards, which
had not been incorporated into the NOP regulations, by forming a task
force which included pet food manufacturers, organic consultants, etc.
Collectively, these experts drafted organic pet food standards
consistent with the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990, Food and Drug
Administration requirements, and the Association of American Feed
Control Officials (AAFCO) Model Regulations for Pet and Specialty Pet
Food. The AAFCO regulations are scientifically based regulations for
voluntary adoption by State jurisdictions to ensure the safety,
quality, and effectiveness of feed. In November 2008, the NOSB approved
a final recommendation for organic pet food standards incorporating the
provisions drafted by the pet food task force.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary to ensure consistency
in the composition and labeling of pet food products bearing organic
claims. While the NOP has maintained that pet food may be certified in
accordance with the existing USDA organic regulations, the requirements
for processed products are intended for human foods and are not
entirely applicable to pet food. The uncertainty about pet food
composition and labeling requirements causes confusion in the
marketplace with potentially negative impacts for the credibility of
the organic label in general. This action responds to a 2008
recommendation of the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) and
industry requests for organic pet food standards.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
(OFPA) authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to establish an organic
certification program for producers and handlers of agricultural
products that have been produced using organic methods (7 U.S.C.
6503(a)). The OFPA also authorizes the NOSB to provide recommendations
to the Secretary regarding the implementation of the National Organic
Program (7 U.S.C. 6518(k)(1)).
 Alternatives: AMS has considered the implications of developing
specific composition and labeling standards for organic pet food versus
maintaining the status quo and not pursuing regulatory action. In
addition, AMS is examining options regarding potential implementation
periods. Finally, AMS considered the viability of composition
requirements that vary from those recommended by the NOSB.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This proposed rule would facilitate
the marketing of organic pet food by establishing clear, enforceable
requirements for the composition and labeling of these products. This
action will clarify how pet food may be produced, certified, and
marketed as organic and the significance of organic claims on pet food.
That standardization would provide certainty to pet food handlers and
certifying agents for manufacturing and certifying pet foods,
respectively, and bolster consumer confidence. AMS does not expect this
action to result in significant costs for the $109 million organic pet
food sector (2012 sales). This action may be an incentive for some
handlers that are using organic claims on noncertified pet food
products to pursue certification. AMS intends to solicit specific
public comments to validate this expectation.
 Risks: AMS does not anticipate risks to be associated with this
action. The NOSB and industry participated in the development of
organic pet food standards and have strongly encouraged their adoption
since 2008. This action may provoke questions about the Agency's intent
with regard to a separate 2013 NOSB recommendation that would, in
effect, prohibit the use of certain amino acids in organic pet food.
AMS is evaluating the impact of that action; however, that recent
recommendation is not expected to affect this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 08/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250,

[[Page 76476]]

Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email: melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD20

USDA--AMS

3. National Organic Program, Organic Apiculture Practices Standard,
NOP-12-0063

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, July 31, 2015.
 This action proposes to amend the USDA organic regulations to
reflect an October 2010 recommendation submitted to the Secretary by
the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) concerning the production
of organic apicultural (i.e. beekeeping) products.
 Abstract: This action proposes to amend the USDA organic
regulations to reflect an October 2010 recommendation submitted to the
Secretary by the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) concerning the
production of organic apicultural (i.e. beekeeping) products. Instead
of continuing to allow certifying agents to certify apiculture to the
organic livestock standards, this action would establish certification
standards specifically for organic bees and bee products.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary to establish uniform
standards for certification of organic apiculture operations.
Currently, certifying agents adapt the organic livestock standards to
certify organic apiaries. This action is necessary to distinguish
apiculture as a unique production system that merits separate organic
standards and would address practices that are not covered in the
general organic livestock requirements. This action is needed to ensure
consistency across certifying agents in the inspection and
certification of apiculture operations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Bees are regarded as ``nonplant life''
under definitions in the current Organic Foods Production Act (OFPA)
and implementing regulations. Based on these definitions, apicultural
products (bees and bee products) may currently be certified under the
livestock provisions of the USDA organic regulations (7 CFR part 205).
 Alternatives: AMS is considering variations in the implementation
period needed for any existing organic honey producers to comply with a
new proposed forage zone requirement. The agency is also considering an
alternative to align with Canadian and EU apiculture which require land
within the forage zone to be ``organically managed,'' rather than
certified as crop or wild crop.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issuing standards for management of
bees and bee products will benefit the industry by bringing greater
consistency across certifiers. The introduction of formal standards
will encourage new producers to enter the market and increase consumer
confidence in apiculture products marketed under the USDA organic seal.
In terms of costs, accredited certifying agents that currently certify
apiculture operations as livestock would be required to request to
extend the scope (current possible scopes of accreditation are crops,
livestock, handling, and wild crop) of their accreditation to include
apiculture. AMS is currently evaluating how the new rule would impact
the costs to existing organic producers.
 Risks: AMS does not expect controversy as a result of this action.
One provision that AMS anticipates public comment on during rulemaking
pertains to a 1.8 mile forage zone radius around bee hives. Under the
proposed standard, this forage zone would need to be comprised of
certified organic cropland and/or certified wild crop harvest area.
This provision may limit new producers in some parts of the world from
entering the market. However, there is widespread recognition of the
proposed requirements among certified operations, as many certifiers
have started using the 2010 NOSB recommendation as guidance for
certification of apiculture operations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD31

USDA--AMS

4. National Organic Program--Organic Aquaculture Standards

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 6501 to 6522
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 205.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, February 28, 2015.
 This action will establish standards for organic farmed aquatic
animals and their products to allow U.S. producers to compete in the
organic seafood market. The Organic Foods Production Act authorizes the
NOP to regulate organic claims on fish used for food. The USDA organic
regulations do not include organic aquaculture standards. This action
will open the market for U.S. organic aquaculture production and ensure
that organic aquatic animal products sold in the U.S. meet a consistent
standard.
 Abstract: This action proposes to establish standards for organic
production and certification of farmed aquatic animals and their
products in the USDA organic regulations. This action would also add
aquatic animals as a scope of certification and accreditation under the
National Organic Program. This action is necessary to establish
standards for organic farmed aquatic animals and their products which
would allow U.S. producers to compete in the organic seafood market.
This action is also necessary to address multiple recommendations
provided by USDA by the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB). In
2007 through 2009, the NOSB made five recommendations to establish
standards for the certification of organic farmed aquatic animals and
their products. Finally, the U.S. currently has organic standards
equivalence arrangements with Canada and the European Union (EU). Both
Canada and the EU have recently established standards for organic
aquaculture products. Because the U.S. does not have organic
aquaculture standards, the U.S. is unable to include aquaculture in the
scope of these arrangements. Establishing U.S. organic aquaculture may
provide a basis for expanding those trade partnerships.
 Statement of Need: In 2005, The Secretary of Agriculture appointed
an Aquaculture Working Group to advise the National Organic Standards
Board (NOSB) on drafting a recommendation on the production of organic
farmed aquatic animals. The NOSB considered the Aquaculture Working
Group's draft recommendations and provided USDA with a series of five
recommendations

[[Page 76477]]

from 2007-2009 for technical standards for the production and
certification of organic farmed aquatic animals. Based on the NOSB
recommendations, this action proposed to establish standards for
organic production and certification of farmed aquatic animals and
their products in the USDA organic regulations. This action would also
add aquatic animals as an area of certification and accreditation under
NOP.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS)
National Organic Program (NOP) is authorized by the Organic Foods
Production Act of 1990 (OFPA) to establish national standards governing
the marketing of organically produced agricultural products (7 U.S.C.
6501-6522). The USDA organic regulations set the requirements for the
organic certification of agricultural products (7 CFR Part 205).
Participation under the NOP is voluntary. However, if organic producers
or handlers choose to sell, represent, or label more than $5,000 in
organic products, certification under the USDA organic regulations is
required.
 Alternatives: An alternative to providing organic aquatic animal
standards would be to not publish such standards and allow aquatic
animal products to continue to be sold as organic based on private
standards or other countries standards. Organic seafood producers have
expressed a strong interest in having USDA organic standards for fish
and other aquatic animal products. U.S. aquaculture operations are
generally hesitant to invest in organic aquaculture without published
standards for organic aquatic animals and their products. Selecting
such an alternative could result in failure for this sector of organic
agriculture to develop in the United States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost for existing conventional
aquaculture operations to convert and participate in this voluntary
marketing program will generally be incurred in the cost of changing
management practices, increased feed costs, and obtaining organic
certification. There will also be some costs to certifying agents who
would need to add aquaculture to their areas of accreditation under the
USDA organic regulations. These costs include application fees and
expanded audits to ensure certifying agents meet the accreditation
requirements needed for providing certification services to aquaculture
operations. Certification of organic operations under the NOP is
provided as a user-fee service by AMS-accredited private sector
certifying agents and State agencies. AMS provides accreditation
services to private and State agency certifiers on a cost-recovery,
user-fee basis. AMS will not require additional appropriated funds to
implement this program. By providing organic standards for organic
aquatic animal products, producers will be able to sell certified
organic aquatic animal products for up to 75-100 percent above the
price of conventionally produced seafood. In addition, organic aquatic
animal products imported into the U.S. from other countries will be
required to meet a consistent, enforced standard. Organic consumers
will be assured that organic aquatic animal products comply with the
USDA organic regulations. The new standards will also provide the basis
for expanding our organic standards equivalency agreements to include
this additional area of organic products.
 Risks: There are no known risks to providing these additional
standards for certification of organic products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Melissa R. Bailey, Director, Standards Division,
Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 14th &
Independence Avenue SW., Room 2646-South Building, Washington, DC
20250, Phone: 202 720-3252, Fax: 202 205-7808, Email:
melissa.bailey@usda.gov
 RIN: 0581-AD34

USDA--AMS

5. Exemption of Producers and Handlers of Organic Products
From Assessment Under a Commodity Promotion Law

Priority: Other Significant.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7401; Pub. L. 113-79.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 900.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, November 30, 2014.
 This action would amend the general regulations that apply to the
29 marketing orders for fruits, vegetables, and specialty crops and the
orders and/or rules and regulations of the 22 research and promotion
programs under AMS oversight.
 Abstract: As a result of this action, certified ``organic''
commodities (those comprising at least 95 percent organic components)
would no longer be subject to assessment for promotion activities
conducted under marketing order or research and promotion programs. In
addition, certified organic commodities that are produced, handled,
marketed, or imported by operations that also deal in conventional
products would be eligible for exemptions. Currently, only products
that are certified ``100 percent organic'' and that are produced and
handled by entities that deal exclusively with organic products are
exempt from assessments. This action is expected to reduce the
assessment obligation for organic industry operators by as much as
$13.7 million. Conversely, the impact on the marketing programs will be
a loss of approximately $13.7 million in funds for generic commodity
promotions.
 Statement of Need: Section 501 of the Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7401) (FAIR Act), as
amended, currently exempts entities that produce and market solely 100
percent organic products from payment of assessments under commodity
promotion laws. Section 10004 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79) (Farm Bill) further amended the FAIR Act to provide exemptions
for all certified organic products, including those produced and
handled by operators that also deal in conventional products. This
action is needed to bring existing Federal regulations governing
commodity promotion activities into compliance with the FAIR Act, as
amended by the Farm Bill.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 10004 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) (Farm Bill) further amended the FAIR Act to
provide exemptions for all certified organic products, including those
produced and handled by operators that also deal in conventional
products. This action is needed to bring existing Federal regulations
governing commodity promotion activities into compliance with the FAIR
Act, as amended by the Farm Bill.
 Alternatives: Currently, only products that are certified ``100
percent organic'' and that are produced and handled by entities that
deal exclusively with organic products are exempt from assessments. So
the alternative, would be to continue in this manner.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This action is expected to reduce
the assessment obligation for organic

[[Page 76478]]

industry operators by as much as $13.7 million.
 Risks: Conversely, the impact on the marketing programs will be a
loss of approximately $13.7 million in funds for generic commodity
promotions.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Michael V. Durando, Chief, Marketing Order
Administration Branch, Department of Agriculture, Agricultural
Marketing Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0237, Washington,
DC 20250-0237, Phone: 202 720-2491, Fax: 202 720-8938.
 RIN: 0581-AD37

USDA--Farm Service Agency (FSA)

Final Rule Stage

6. Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7333.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1437.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) is amending
regulations for the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP).
NAP is administered for CCC by the Farm Service Agency (FSA). NAP
provides producers of crops that are not eligible for crop insurance
with a basic level of risk management coverage. NAP provides financial
assistance to producers of non-insurable crops when low yield, loss of
inventory, or prevented plantings occur due to a natural disaster. The
rule includes changes to NAP required by the 2014 Farm Bill. The
changes include revised NAP eligibility requirements for coverage on
tilled native sod, and added coverage for sweet sorghum and biomass
sorghum. Beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers will be eligible
for service fee waivers. New ``buy up'' provisions will allow producers
to buy additional NAP coverage for an additional premium. While the
rule does not have a statutory deadline, the 2014 Farm Bill requires
changes to the NAP program beginning with the 2015 coverage year, which
begins as early as May 2014. In addition to the 2014 Farm Bill changes,
the rule also makes the following changes:
 Adds NAP coverage for organic crops.
 Expands NAP coverage for mollusks, a common aquaculture
crop. Specifically, it removes the current requirement that eligible
mollusk inventory be seeded and raised in containers or similar devices
designed to protect the aquaculture species.
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to this rule, the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost benefit analysis was prepared
for this rule and will be made available when the rule is published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI20

USDA--FSA

7. Conservation Compliance

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.; 16 U.S.C. 3811 and 3812; 16
U.S.C. 3821 and 3822.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 12.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The interim rule implements mandatory changes to the
conservation compliance regulations in 7 CFR part 12 as required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Bill). The current regulations
require participants in most USDA programs to comply with conservation
compliance measures on any land that is highly erodible or that is
considered a wetland. The 2014 Farm Bill expands current conservation
compliance requirements to apply to producers who obtain subsidized
Federal crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act. It also
slightly modifies the existing wetlands ``Mitigation Banking'' program
to remove the requirement that USDA hold easements in the mitigation
program.
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to this rule; the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost benefit analysis was prepared
for this rule and will be made available when the rule is published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI26

USDA--FSA

8. Conservation Reserve Program (CRP)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 3831 to 3835.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1410.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The rule implements changes to CRP required by the 2014
Farm Bill. CRP assists producers in conserving and improving soil,
water, and wildlife resources by converting highly erodible and other
environmentally sensitive acreage to a long-term vegetative cover. The
core scope of CRP will not change. The changes required by the 2014
Farm Bill include providing an ``early out'' for contract cancellations
in 2015, removing the requirement for a payment reduction for emergency
haying and grazing, and allowing non-cropland (grasslands) in CRP. CRP
is a Commodity Credit

[[Page 76479]]

Corporation (CCC) program administered by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA).
 Statement of Need: This rule is needed to update the FSA
regulations to implement the 2014 Farm Bill changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79).
 Alternatives: There are no alternatives to the rule; the changes
are legislatively mandated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: A cost-benefit analysis will be
prepared for the rule and will be made available when the rule is
published.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For Public Comments: regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Holder, Director, Regulatory Review Group,
Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0572, Phone: 202 205-5851, Fax: 202
720-5233, Email: deirdre.holder@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0560-AI30

USDA--Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

9. Brucellosis and Bovine Tuberculosis; Update of General Provisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 1622; 7 U.S.C. 8301 to 8317; 15 U.S.C.
1828; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a; 31 U.S.C. 9701.
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 50 and 51; 9 CFR 71; 9 CFR 76 to 78; 9 CFR 86;
9 CFR 93; 9 CFR 161.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would consolidate the regulations
governing bovine tuberculosis (TB), currently found in 9 CFR part 77,
and those governing brucellosis, currently found in 9 CFR part 78. As
part of this consolidation, we are proposing to transition the TB and
brucellosis programs away from a State status system based on disease
prevalence. Instead, States and tribes would implement an animal health
plan that identifies sources of the diseases within the State or tribe
and specifies mitigations to address the risk posed by these sources.
The consolidated regulations would also set forth standards for
surveillance, epidemiological investigations, and affected herd
management that must be incorporated into each animal health plan, with
certain limited exceptions; conditions for the interstate movement of
cattle, bison, and captive cervids; and conditions for APHIS approval
of tests for bovine TB or brucellosis. Finally, the rulemaking would
revise the import requirements for cattle and bison to make these
requirements clearer and ensure that they more effectively mitigate the
risk of introduction of the diseases into the United States.
 Statement of Need: The current regulations were issued during a
time when the prevalence rates for the disease in domestic, cattle,
bison, and captive cervids were much higher than they are today. As a
result, the regulations specify measures that are necessary to prevent
these diseases from spreading through the interstate movement of
infected animals. The regulations are effective in this regard, but do
not address reservoirs of tuberculosis and brucellosis that exist in
certain States. Moreover, the regulations presuppose one method of
dealing with infected herds--whole-herd depopulation--and do not take
into consideration the development of other methods, such as test-and-
remove protocols, that are equally effective but less costly for APHIS
and producers. Finally, our current regulations governing the
importation of cattle and bison do not always address the risk that
such animals may pose of spreading brucellosis or bovine tuberculosis,
and need to be updated to allow APHIS to take appropriate measures when
prevalence rates for bovine tuberculosis or brucellosis increase or
decrease in foreign regions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under the Animal Health Protection Act (7
U.S.C. 8301 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture has the authority to
issue orders and promulgate regulations to prevent the introduction
into the United States and the dissemination within the United States
of any pest or disease of livestock.
 Alternatives: One alternative would be to leave the current
regulations unchanged. As noted above, the current regulations are
effective in preventing the interstate movement of infected animals,
but do not address reservoirs of brucellosis and tuberculosis that
exist in certain States and thus do not address the root cause of such
infection. They also are written in a prescriptive manner which does
not allow States to take into consideration scientific developments and
other emerging information in determining how best to deal with
infected animals and herds. Finally, APHIS' current regulations
governing the importation of cattle and bison do not always address the
risk that such animals may pose of spreading bovine tuberculosis or
brucellosis.
 A second alternative considered was to limit the scope of the
regulatory changes to the Agency's domestic tuberculosis and
brucellosis program. However, in recent years, when tuberculosis-
affected animals have been discovered at slaughtering facilities within
the United States, these animals have usually been of foreign origin.
This has led us to reexamine the current import regulations. As a
result of this reevaluation, we have determined that the import
regulations need to be revised to assure that they more effectively
mitigate the risk of introduction of these diseases into the United
States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Certain additional costs may be
incurred by producers as a result of this rule. For example, the
proposed rule would impose new interstate movement restrictions on
rodeo, event, and exhibited cattle and bison and impose additional
costs for producers of such cattle and bison. These new testing
requirements could cost, in aggregate, between $651,000 and $1 million.
Also, the proposed additional restrictions for the movement of captive
cervids could result in additional costs for producers. Adhering to
these new requirements may have a total cost to the captive cervid
industry of between about $157,000 and $485,000 annually. States and
tribes would incur costs associated with this proposed rule, in
particular in developing animal health plans for bovine tuberculosis
and brucellosis. The proposed animal health plans for brucellosis and
bovine tuberculosis would build significantly on existing operations
with respect to these diseases. We anticipate that all 50 States and as
many as 3 tribes would develop animal health plans. Based on our
estimates of plan development costs, the total cost of the development
of these 53 animal health plans could be between about $750,000 and
$2.9 million. We expect that under current circumstances, four or five
States are likely to develop recognized management area plans as
proposed in this rule as part of their animal health plans. Based on
our estimates of recognized management area plan development costs, the
cost of developing recognized management area plans by these States
could total

[[Page 76480]]

between $56,000 and $274,000. While direct effects of this proposed
rule for producers should be small, whether the entity affected is
small or large, consolidation of the brucellosis and bovine
tuberculosis regulations is expected to benefit the affected livestock
industries. Disease management would be more focused, flexible and
responsive, reducing the number of producers incurring costs when
disease concerns arise in an area. Also, the competitiveness of the
United States in international markets depends on its reputation for
producing healthy animals. The proposed rule would enhance this
reputation through its comprehensive approach to the control of
identified reservoirs of bovine tuberculosis or brucellosis in wildlife
populations in certain parts of the United States and more stringent
import regulations consistent with domestic restrictions. We expect
that the benefits would justify the costs.
 Risks: If we do not issue this proposed rule, reservoirs of
brucellosis and tuberculosis that exist in certain States will not be
adequately evaluated and addressed. Additionally, our current
regulations regarding the importation of cattle and bison do not always
address the risk that such animals may pose of spreading brucellosis or
bovine tuberculosis.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Langston Hull, National Center for Import and
Export, VS, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 39, Riverdale, MD 20737,
Phone: 301 851-3300.
 C. William Hench, Senior Staff Veterinarian, Ruminant Health
Programs, National Center for Animal Health Programs, VS, Department of
Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, 2150 Centre
Avenue, Building B-3E20, Ft. Collins, CO 80526, Phone: 970 494-7378.
 RIN: 0579-AD65

USDA--APHIS

10. Establishing a Performance Standard for Authorizing the Importation
and Interstate Movement of Fruits and Vegetables

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 450; 7 U.S.C. 7701 to 7772; 7 U.S.C. 7781
to 7786; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 318 and 319.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would amend our regulations governing the
importations of fruits and vegetables by broadening our existing
performance standard to provide for consideration of all new fruits and
vegetables for importation into the United States using a notice-based
process. Rather than authorizing new imports through proposed and final
rules and specifying import conditions in the regulations, the notice-
based process uses Federal Register notices to make risk analyses
available to the public for review and comment, with authorized
commodities and their conditions of entry subsequently being listed on
the Internet. It would also remove the region- or commodity-specific
phytosanitary requirements currently found in these regulations.
Likewise, we are proposing an equivalent revision of the performance
standard in our regulations governing the interstate movements of
fruits and vegetables from Hawaii and the U.S. territories (Guam,
Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) and
the removal of commodity-specific phytosanitary requirements from those
regulations. This proposal would allow for the consideration of
requests to authorize the importation or interstate movement of new
fruits and vegetables in a manner that enables a more flexible and
responsive regulatory approach to evolving pest situations in both the
United States and exporting countries. It would not, however, alter the
science-based process in which the risk associated with importation or
interstate movement of a given fruit or vegetable is evaluated or the
manner in which risks associated with the importation or interstate
movement of a fruit or vegetable are mitigated.
 Statement of Need: The revised regulations are needed to streamline
the administrative process involved in consideration of fruits and
vegetables currently not authorized for interstate movement or
importation, while continuing to provide opportunity for public comment
and engagement on the science and risk-based analysis associated with
such imports and interstate movements. The proposal would also enable
us to adapt our import requirements more quickly in the event of any
changes to a country's pest or disease status or as a result of new
scientific information or treatment options.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under section 7701 of the Plant Protection
Act (PPA), given that the smooth movement of enterable plants and plant
products into, out of, or within the United States is vital to the U.S.
economy, it is the responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture to
facilitate exports, imports, and interstate commerce in agricultural
products and other commodities that pose a risk of harboring plant
pests or noxious weeds in ways that will reduce, to the extent
practicable, as determined by the Secretary, the risk of dissemination
of plant pests or noxious weeds. Decisions regarding exports, imports,
and interstate commerce are required to be based on sound science.
 Alternatives: We considered taking no action at this time and
leaving the regulations as they are currently written. We decided
against this alternative because leaving the regulations unchanged
would not address the needs identified immediately above.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Consumers and businesses would
benefit from the more timely access to fruits and vegetables for which
entry or movement would currently require rulemaking. This benefit
would be reduced to the extent that certain businesses would face
increased competition for the subject fruits and vegetables sooner due
to their more timely approval. APHIS has not identified other costs
that may be incurred because of the proposed rule.
 Risks: The performance-based process more closely links APHIS'
decision to authorize importation of a fruit or vegetable with the pest
risk assessment and brings us in line with other countries that
authorize importation of a fruit or vegetable with the pest risk
assessment. Some countries have viewed the rulemakings for fruits and
vegetables that follow completion of the pest risk assessment as a non-
technical trade barrier and may have slowed the approval of U.S.
exports (including, but not limited to, fruits and vegetables) into
their markets, or placed additional restrictions on existing exports
from the United States.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/09/14 79 FR 53346
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/10/14 .......................

[[Page 76481]]


Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Matthew Rhoads, Associate Executive Director, Plant
Health Programs, PPQ, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 131, Riverdale, MD
20737-1231, Phone: 301 851-2133.
 RIN: 0579-AD71

USDA--APHIS

Final Rule Stage

11. Viruses, Serums, Toxins, and Analogous Products; Single Label Claim
for Veterinary Biological Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 151 to 159
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 112.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will amend the Virus-Serum-Toxin Act
regulations to replace the current label format, which reflects any of
four different levels of effectiveness, with a single, uniform label
format. It will also require biologics licensees to provide a
standardized summary, with confidential business information removed,
of the efficacy and safety data submitted to the Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service in support of the issuance of a full product
license or conditional license. A single label format along with
publicly available safety and efficacy data will help biologics
producers to more clearly communicate product performance to their
customers.
 Statement of Need: The intent of this proposal is to address a
request made by our stakeholders and to more clearly communicate
product performance information to the user by requiring a uniform
label format and a summary of efficacy and safety data (with
confidential business information removed).
 Summary of Legal Basis: APHIS administers and enforces the Virus-
Serum-Toxin Act, as amended (21 U.S.C. 151 to 159). The regulations
issued pursuant to the Act are intended to ensure that veterinary
biological products are pure, safe, potent, and efficacious when used
according to label instructions.
 Alternatives: We could retain the current APHIS labeling guidance,
but maintaining the status quo would not address the concern reported
by stakeholders concerning the interpretation of product performance.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: APHIS anticipates that the only
costs associated with the proposed labeling format would be one-time
costs incurred by licensees and permittees in having labels for
existing licensed products updated in accordance with the proposed new
format. A simpler, uniform label format would allow biologics licensees
and permittees to more clearly communicate product performance
information to the end user. In addition, the rule would simplify the
evaluation of efficacy studies and reduce the amount of time required
by APHIS to evaluate study data, thus allowing manufacturers to market
their products sooner.
 Risks: APHIS has not identified any risks associated with this
proposed action.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 05/24/11 76 FR 30093
Comment Period End.................. 07/25/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 04/21/14 79 FR 22048
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/20/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: Donna L Malloy, Operational Support Section, Center
for Veterinary Biologics, Policy, Evaluation, and Licensing, VS,
Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service,
4700 River Road, Unit 148, Riverdale, MD 20737-1231, Phone: 301 851-
3426.
 RIN: 0579-AD64

USDA--APHIS

12. User Fees for Agricultural Quarantine and Inspection Services

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 7701 to 7772; 7 U.S.C. 7781 to 7786; 7
U.S.C. 8301 to 8317; 21 U.S.C. 136 and 136a; 49 U.S.C. 80503
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 354.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will amend the user fee regulations by
adding new fee categories and adjusting current fees charged for
certain agricultural quarantine and inspection services that are
provided in connection with certain commercial vessels, commercial
trucks, commercial railroad cars, commercial aircraft, and
international passengers arriving at ports in the customs territory of
the United States. It will also adjust the fee caps associated with
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, and commercial railcars. Based
on the conclusions of a third party assessment of the user fee program
and on other considerations, we have determined that revised user fee
categories and revised user fees are necessary to recover the costs of
the current level of activity, to account for actual and projected
increases in the cost of doing business, and to more accurately align
fees with the costs associated with each fee service.
 Statement of Need: Regarding certain agricultural quarantine and
inspection services that are provided in connection with certain
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars,
commercial aircraft, and international passengers arriving at ports in
the customs territory of the United States, we have determined that
revised user fee categories and revised user fees are necessary to
recover the costs of the current level of activity, to account for
actual and projected increases in the cost of doing business, and to
more accurately align fees with the costs associated with each fee
service.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 2509(a) of the Food, Agriculture,
Conservation, and Trade (FACT) Act of 1990 (21 U.S.C. 136a) authorizes
APHIS to collect user fees for certain agricultural quarantine and
inspection (AQI) services. The FACT Act was amended on April 4, 1996,
and May 13, 2002. The FACT Act, as amended, authorizes APHIS to collect
user fees for AQI services provided in connection with the arrival, at
a port in the customs territory of the United States, of commercial
vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars, commercial
aircraft, and international passengers. According to the FACT Act, as
amended, these user fees should recover the costs of:

[[Page 76482]]

Providing the AQI services for the conveyances and the
passengers listed above;
 Providing preclearance or preinspection at a site outside
the customs territory of the United States to international passengers,
commercial vessels, commercial trucks, commercial railroad cars, and
commercial aircraft;
 Administering the user fee program; and
 Maintaining a reasonable reserve.
 In addition, the FACT Act, as amended, contains the following
requirement:
 The fees should be commensurate with the costs with
respect to the class of persons or entities paying the fees. This is
intended to avoid cross-subsidization of AQI services.
 Alternatives: APHIS focused on three alternatives composed of
different combinations of paying classes. The first or preferred
alternative is the proposed rule; the second alternative differed from
the first by not including user fees for recipients of AQI treatment
services; and under the third alternative, recipients of commodity
import permits and pest import permits would pay user fees, in addition
to the classes that would pay fees under the proposed rule. The latter
two alternatives were rejected.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed changes in user fees
would ensure that the program can continue to protect America's
agricultural industries and natural resource base against invasive
species and diseases while more closely aligning, by class, the cost of
AQI services provided and user fee revenue received.
 Risks: AQI services benefit U.S. agricultural and natural resources
by protecting them from the inadvertent introduction of foreign pests
and diseases that may enter the country and the threat of intentional
introduction of pests or pathogens as a means of agroterrorism. In the
extreme, failure to maintain the nation's biosecurity could disrupt
American agricultural production, erode confidence in the U.S. food
supply, and destabilize the U.S. economy.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/25/14 79 FR 22895
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 07/01/14 79 FR 37231
NPRM Comment Period Reopened End.... 07/24/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Additional information about APHIS and its
programs is available on the Internet at http://www.aphis.usda.gov.
 Agency Contact: William E Thomas, Senior Agriculturist, Office of
the Deputy Administrator, PPQ, Department of Agriculture, Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 130, Riverdale,
MD 20737, Phone: 301 851-2306.
 Kris Caraher, Branch Chief, Review and Analysis, Financial
Management Division, MRPBS, Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service, 4700 River Road, Unit 55, Riverdale, MD
20737, Phone: 301 851-2834.
 RIN: 0579-AD77

USDA--FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE (FNS)

Proposed Rule Stage

13. Emergency Supplemental Nutrition Assistance for Victims of
Disasters Procedures

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Food and Nutrition Act of 2008
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 280.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (FNA) provides
authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to establish temporary
emergency standards of eligibility for the duration of an emergency for
households who are victims of a disaster that disrupts commercial
channels of food distribution. FNS plans to publish a Proposed Rule for
D-SNAP that will codify longstanding policies disseminated through
previous guidance.
 Statement of Need: A 2007 Office of Inspector General (OIG) report
(Audit 27099-49-Te: Disaster Food Stamp Program for Hurricanes Katrina
and Rita--Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas--Final Report) found some
deficits in the design and review of State D-SNAP plans of operation
and inadequate controls to prevent recipient fraud and duplicate
participation. OIG attributed the deficits, in part, to a lack of
detailed procedures in regulations and, in response, recommended that
FNS amend D-SNAP policy on those specific topics and promulgate D-SNAP
regulations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (FNA)
provides authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to establish
temporary emergency standards of eligibility for the duration of an
emergency for households who are victims of a disaster which disrupts
commercial channels of food distribution.
 Alternatives: None identified; this Proposed Rule primarily will
codify long-standing D-SNAP procedures.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As the Proposed Rule primarily will
codify longstanding D-SNAP procedures, FNS anticipates that this rule
will not result in any significant costs.
 Risks: No risks are anticipated as the proposed rule will codify
longstanding procedures.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE00

USDA--FNS

14. Child Nutrition Program Integrity

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 215; 7 CFR 220; 7 CFR 225; 7 CFR
226; 7 CFR 235.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes to codify three provisions of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (the Act). Section 303 of the Act
requires the Secretary to establish criteria for imposing fines against
schools, school food authorities, or State agencies that fail to
correct severe mismanagement of the program,

[[Page 76483]]

fail to correct repeat violations of program requirements, or disregard
a program requirement of which they had been informed. Section 322 of
the Act requires the Secretary to establish procedures for the
termination and disqualification of organizations participating in the
Summer Food Service Program (SFSP). Section 362 of the Act requires
that any school, institution, service institution, facility, or
individual that has been terminated from any program authorized under
the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act or the Child Nutrition
Act of 1966, and appears on either the SFSP or the Child and Adult Care
Food Program's (CACFP's) disqualified list, may not be approved to
participate in or administer any other programs authorized under those
two Acts.
 Statement of Need: There are currently no regulations imposing
fines on schools, school food authorities, or State agencies for
program violations and mismanagement. This rule will: (1) Establish
criteria for imposing fines against schools, school food authorities,
or State agencies that fail to correct severe mismanagement of the
program or repeated violations of program requirements; (2) establish
procedures for the termination and disqualification of organizations
participating in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP); and (3)
require that any school, institutions, or individual that has been
terminated from any Federal Child Nutrition Program and appears on
either the SFSP or the Child and Adult Care Food Program's (CACFP's)
disqualified list may not be approved to participate in or administer
any other Child Nutrition Program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule codifies Sections 303, 322, and
362 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: None identified; this rule implements statutory
requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rule is expected to help
promote program integrity in all of the child nutrition programs. FNS
anticipates that these provisions will have no significant costs and no
major increase in regulatory burden to States.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: James F Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE08

USDA--FNS

15. Child and Adult Care Food Program: Meal Pattern Revisions Related
to the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 215; 7 CFR 220; 7 CFR 226.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposal would implement section 221 of the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296; the Act) which requires
USDA to review and update, no less frequently than once every 10 years,
requirements for meals served under the Child and Adult Care Food
Program (CACFP) to ensure that meals are consistent with the most
recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans and relevant nutrition science.
 Statement of Need: Section 221 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act
of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296, the Act) requires USDA to review and update,
no less frequently than once every 10 years, requirements for meals
served under the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) to ensure
that meals are consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for
Americans and relevant nutrition science. The Act also clarifies the
purpose of the program, restricts the use of food as a punishment or
reward, outlines requirements for milk and milk substitution, and
introduces requirements for the availability of water. This rule will
establish the criteria and procedures for implementing these provisions
of the Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 221 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free
Kids Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: There are several instances throughout this rule and
its associated Regulatory Impact Analysis that offer alternatives for
review and comment to the various criteria and procedures discussed in
this proposed rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rule is expected to improve the
nutritional quality of meals served and the overall health of children
participating in the CACFP. Most CACFP meals are served to children
from low-income households. At this time, we cannot estimate the
financial impact the proposed rule will have on State agencies,
sponsoring organizations, and child care institutions, but we expect
that there will be a small cost increase associated with the
implementation of improved meal pattern requirements. A regulatory
impact analysis will be conducted to determine these cost implications.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: James F. Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE18

USDA--FNS

16. Enhancing Retailer Eligibility Standards In SNAP

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Sec 3, U.S.C. 2012; sec 9, U.S.C. 2018
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 271.2; 7 CFR 278.1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will address the criteria used to
authorize redemption of SNAP benefits (especially by restaurant-type
operations).
 Statement of Need: The 2014 Farm Bill amended the Food and
Nutrition

[[Page 76484]]

Act of 2008 to increase the requirement that certain SNAP authorized
retail food stores have available on a continual basis at least three
varieties of items in each of four staple food categories to a
mandatory minimum of seven. The 2014 Farm Bill also amended the Act to
increase for certain SNAP authorized retail food stores the minimum
number of categories in which perishable foods are required from two to
three. This rule would codify these mandatory requirements. Further,
using existing authority in the Act and feedback from an expansive
Request for Information, the rulemaking also proposes changes to
address depth of stock, redefine staple and accessory foods, and amend
the definition of retail food store to clarify when a retailer is a
restaurant rather than a retail food store.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 3(k) of the Food and Nutrition Act
of 2008 (the Act) generally (with limited exception) (1) requires that
food purchased with SNAP benefits be meant for home consumption and (2)
forbids the purchase of hot foods with SNAP benefits. The intent of
those statutory requirements can be circumvented by selling cold foods,
which may be purchased with SNAP benefits, and offering onsite heating
or cooking of those same foods, either for free or at an additional
cost. In addition, Section 9 of the Act provides for approval of retail
food stores and wholesale food concerns based on their ability to
effectuate the purposes of the Program.
 Alternatives: Because this proposed rule is under development,
alternatives are not yet articulated.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed changes will allow FNS
to improve access to healthy food choices for SNAP participants and to
ensure that participating retailers effectuate the purposes of the
Program. FNS anticipates that these provisions will have no significant
costs to States.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE27

USDA--FNS

Final Rule Stage

17. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program: Farm Bill of 2008
Retailer Sanctions

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-246
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 276.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule would implement provisions under section
4132 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, giving the
Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) the
authority to assess a civil penalty and to disqualify a retail or
wholesale food store authorized to participate in SNAP.
 Statement of Need: This final rule implements the provisions of the
2008 Farm Bill that provide the U.S. Department of Agriculture greater
flexibility in assessing sanctions against retail food stores and
wholesale food concerns found in violation of the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program rules. This rule updates SNAP retailer
sanction regulations to include authority granted in the 2008 Farm Bill
to allow the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) to impose a civil penalty
in addition to disqualification, raise the allowable penalties per
violation and provide greater flexibility to the Department for minor
violations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 4132, Food, Conservation, and
Energy Act of 2008 (Pub. L. 110-246).
 Alternatives: For the new trafficking civil penalty, FNS considered
alternatives for assessing a civil penalty in addition to permanent
disqualification for stores sanctioned for trafficking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes to the retailer sanction
regulations will improve program integrity by increasing the deterrent
effect of sanctions on the small number of authorized firms that commit
program violations.
 Risks: The risk that retail or wholesale food stores will violate
SNAP rules, or continue to violate SNAP rules, is expected to be
reduced by refining program sanctions for participating retailers and
wholesalers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/14/12 77 FR 48461
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/15/12 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Note: This RIN replaces the previously
issued RIN 0584-AD78.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AD88

USDA--FNS

18. Child Nutrition Programs: Local School Wellness Policy
Implementation Under the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-296
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 210; 7 CFR 220.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule codifies a provision of the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act (Pub. L. 111-296; the Act) under 7 CFR parts 210
and 220. Section 204 of the Act requires each local educational agency
(LEA) to establish, for all schools under its jurisdiction, a local
school wellness policy. The Act requires that the wellness policy
include goals for nutrition, nutrition education, physical activity,
and other school-based activities that promote student wellness. In
addition, the Act requires that local educational agencies ensure
stakeholder participation in development of their local school wellness
policies, and periodically assess compliance with the policies, and
disclose information about the policies to the public.
 Statement of Need: Schools play a critical role in promoting
student health, preventing childhood obesity, and combating problems
associated with poor nutrition and physical inactivity. To formalize
and encourage this role, section 204 of the Child Nutrition and WIC
Reauthorization Act of 2004 (Pub. L. 108-265), required each

[[Page 76485]]

local educational agency (LEA) participating in the National School
Lunch Program (NSLP) and/or the School Breakfast Program (SBP) to
establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006.
Subsequently, section 204 of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010
(HHFKA, Pub. L. 111-296, December 13, 2010) added a new section 9A to
the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (NSLA) (42 U.S.C.
1758b) which expands the scope of wellness policies; brings additional
stakeholders into the development, implementation, and review of local
school wellness policies; and requires public updates on the content
and implementation of the wellness policies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 204 of the Child Nutrition and WIC
Reauthorization Act of 2004 (Pub. L. 108-265); Section 204 of the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 (HHFKA, Pub. L. 111-296).
 Alternatives: Alternatives to some of the policy provisions were
outlined in the proposed rule and will be discussed in the final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The rule strengthens local school
wellness policy requirements. As described in the Regulatory Impact
Analysis, we expect this to improve health outcomes for students,
though we are not able to quantify these benefits. Minimal
administrative expenses are estimated in relation to additional
reporting and recordkeeping requirements.
 Risks: None identified.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/26/14 79 FR 10693
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required:: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: James F. Herbert, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 305-2572, Email:
james.herbert@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE25

USDA--FNS

19. SNAP: Employment and Training (E&T) Performance
Measurement, Monitoring and Reporting Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-79
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 273.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule will implement the E&T provisions of section
4022 of The Agricultural Act of 2014. The provisions of the
Agricultural Act of 2014 require reporting measures for States' E&T
programs.
 Statement of Need: Section 4022 of Agricultural Act of 2014 states
that ``Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this
Act, the Secretary shall issue interim final regulations implementing
the amendments made by subsection (a)(2).'' This interim rule will
address the amendments in subsection (a)(2). This rule will also
address the USDA Office of Inspector General (OIG) audit entitled
``Food Stamp Employment and Training Program'' (OIG #27601-16-AT),
released March 31, 2008, that recommended FNS establish performance
measures for the SNAP E&T Program. This rule will bring closure to that
audit recommendation.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 4022 of Agricultural Act of 2014.
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be identified in the interim final
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs and Benefits will be
identified in the interim final rule.
 Risks: Risks, if applicable, will be identified in the interim
final rule.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Charles H. Watford, Regulatory Review Specialist,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-0800, Email:
charles.watford@fns.usda.gov
 Lynnette M. Thomas, Chief, Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch,
Department of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service, 3101 Park Center
Drive, Alexandria, VA 22302, Phone: 703 605-4782, Email:
lynnette.thomas@fns.usda.gov
 RIN: 0584-AE33

USDA--Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

20. Requirements for the Disposition of Non-Ambulatory Disabled Veal
Calves

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et
seq.)
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 309.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS is proposing to amend the ante-mortem inspection
regulations to remove a provision that permits establishments to set
apart and hold for treatment veal calves that are unable to rise from a
recumbent position and walk because they are tired or cold (9 CFR
309.13(b)). The regulations permit such calves to proceed to slaughter
if they are able to rise and walk after being warmed or rested. FSIS is
proposing to require that non-ambulatory disabled (NAD) veal calves
that are offered for slaughter be condemned and promptly euthanized.
The existing regulations require that NAD mature cattle be condemned on
ante-mortem inspection and that they be promptly euthanized (9 CFR
309.3(e)). FSIS believes that prohibiting the slaughter of all NAD veal
calves would improve compliance with the Humane Methods of Slaughter
Act of 1978 (HMSA), and the humane slaughter implementing regulations.
It would also improve the Agency's inspection efficiency by eliminating
the time that FSIS inspection program personnel (IPP) spend assessing
and supervising the treatment of NAD veal calves.
 Statement of Need: Removing the provision from 9 CFR 309.13(b)
would eliminate uncertainty as to what is to be done with veal calves
that are non-ambulatory disabled because they are tired or cold, or
because they are injured or sick, thereby ensuring the appropriate
disposition of these animals. In addition, removing the provision in 9
CFR 309.13(b) would improve inspection efficiency by eliminating the
time that FSIS IPP spend assessing the treatment of non-ambulatory
disabled veal calves.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 603 (a) and (b).
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two alternatives to the
proposed amendment: The status quo and prohibiting the slaughter of
non-ambulatory disabled ``bob veal,'' which are calves generally less
than one week old.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: If the proposed rule is adopted,
non-

[[Page 76486]]

ambulatory disabled veal calves will not be re-inspected during ante-
mortem inspection. The veal calves that are condemned during ante-
mortem inspection will be euthanized. The estimated annual cost to the
veal industry would range between $2,368 and $161,405.
 The expected benefits of this proposed rule are not quantifiable.
However, the proposed rule will ensure the humane disposition of the
non-ambulatory disabled veal calves. It will also increase the
efficiency and effective implementation of inspection and humane
handling requirements at official establishments.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Dr. Daniel L. Engeljohn, Assistant Administrator,
Office of Policy and Program Development, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, 349-E
JWB, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 205-0495, Fax: 202 720-2025,
Email: daniel.engeljohn@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD54

USDA--FSIS

Final Rule Stage

21. Mandatory Inspection of Fish of the Order Siluriformes and Products
Derived From Such Fish

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601
to 695); Pub. L. 110-246, sec 11016; Pub. L. 113-79, sec 12106
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR ch III, subchapter F (new).
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, Final Regulations not later than
60 days after enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-
79). The Agriculture Act of 2014 directs the Department to publish
final regulations not later than 60 days after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: The 2008 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 110-246, sec. 11016), amended
the Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) to make ``catfish'' a species
amenable to the FMIA and, therefore, subject to FSIS inspection. In
addition, the 2008 Farm Bill gave FSIS the authority to define the term
``catfish.'' On February 24, 2011, FSIS published a proposed rule that
outlined a mandatory catfish inspection program and presented two
options for defining ``catfish.'' The 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79,
sec. 12106), amended the FMIA to remove the term ``catfish'' and to
make ``all fish of the order Siluriformes'' subject to FSIS
jurisdiction and inspection. As a result, FSIS inspection of
Siluriformes is mandated by law and non-discretionary.
 Statement of Need: The 2008 and 2014 Farm Bills amended the Federal
Meat Inspection Act, making all fish of the order Siluriformes amenable
species to the FMIA, requiring FSIS inspection.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695, Public Law 110-246,
section 11016, Public Law 113-79, section 12106.
 Alternatives: The option of no rulemaking is unavailable.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FSIS anticipates benefits from
uniform standards and the more extensive and intensive inspection
service it will provide. The requirements for imported Siluriformes
will be equivalent to those applied to domestically raised and
processed fish of this type.
 Risks: In the final rule, the Agency will consider any risks to
public health or other pertinent risks associated with the production,
processing, and distribution of catfish and catfish products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/24/11 76 FR 10434
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Dr. Daniel L. Engeljohn, Assistant Administrator,
Office of Policy and Program Development, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, 349-E
JWB, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 205-0495, Fax: 202 720-2025,
Email: daniel.engeljohn@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD36

USDA--FSIS

22. Electronic Export Application and Certification as a Reimbursable
Service and Flexibility in the Requirements for Official Export
Inspection Marks, Devices, and Certificates

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601
to 695); Poultry Products Inspection Act (PPIA) (21 U.S.C. 451 to 470);
Egg Products Inspection Act (EPIA) (21 U.S.C. 1031 to 1056);
Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) (7 U.S.C. 1622(h)
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 312.8; 9 CFR 322.1 and 322.2; 9 CFR 350.7; 9
CFR 362.5; 9 CFR 381.104 to 381.106; 9 CFR 590.407; 9 CFR 592.20 and
592.500.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS is developing final regulations to amend the meat,
poultry, and egg product inspection regulations to provide for an
electronic export application and certification system. The electronic
export application and certification system will be a component of the
Agency's Public Health Information System (PHIS). The export component
of PHIS will be available as an alternative to the paper-based
application and certification process. FSIS intends to charge users for
the use of the system. FSIS is establishing a formula for calculating
the fee. FSIS is also providing establishments that export meat,
poultry, and egg products with flexibility in the official export
inspection marks, devices, and certificates. In addition, FSIS is
amending the egg product export regulations to parallel the meat and
poultry export regulations.
 Statement of Need: These regulations will facilitate the electronic
processing of export applications and certificates through the Public
Health Information System (PHIS), a computerized, Web-based inspection
information system. This rule will provide the electronic export system
as a reimbursable certification service charged to the exporter.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695; 21 U.S.C. 451 to 470;
21 U.S.C. 1031 to 1056; 7 U.S.C. 1622(h).
 Alternatives: The electronic export applications and certification
system is being proposed as a voluntary service; therefore, exporters
have the option of continuing to use the current paper-based system.
Therefore, no alternatives were considered.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FSIS is charging exporters an
application fee for the electronic export system. Automating the export
application and certification process will facilitate the exportation
of U.S. meat, poultry, and

[[Page 76487]]

egg products by streamlining and automating the processes that are in
use, while ensuring that foreign regulatory requirements are met. The
cost to an exporter would depend on the number of electronic
applications submitted. An exporter that submits only a few
applications per year would not be likely to experience a significant
economic impact. Under this rate, inspection personnel workload will be
reduced through the elimination of the physical handling and processing
of applications and certificates. When an electronic government-to-
government system interface or data exchange is used, fraudulent
transactions, such as false alterations and reproductions, will be
significantly reduced, if not eliminated. The electronic export system
is designed to ensure authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality.
Exporters will be provided with a more efficient and effective
application and certification process. The egg product export
regulations provide the same export requirements across all products
regulated by FSIS and consistency in the export application and
certification process. The total annual paperwork burden to the egg
processing industry to fill out the paper-based export application is
approximately $32,340 per year for a total of 924 hours a year. The
average establishment burden would be 11 hours, and $385.00 per
establishment.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/23/12 77 FR 3159
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/23/12 .......................
Final Action........................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Rita Kishore, Acting Director, Import/Export
Coordinator and Policy Development Staff, Department of Agriculture,
Food Safety and Inspection Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW, Office
of Policy and Program Development, Room 2147, South Building,
Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-6508, Fax: 202 720-7990, Email:
rita.kishore@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD41

USDA--FSIS

23. Descriptive Designation for Needle- or Blade-Tenderized
(Mechanically Tenderized) Beef Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 317.2(e)(3).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS has proposed regulations to require the use of the
descriptive designation ``mechanically tenderized'' on the labels of
raw or partially cooked needle- or blade-tenderized beef products,
including beef products injected with marinade or solution, unless such
products are destined to be fully cooked at an official establishment.
Beef products that have been needle- or blade-tenderized are referred
to as ``mechanically tenderized'' products. This rule would require
that the product name for such beef products include the descriptive
designation ``mechanically tenderized,'' and an accurate description of
the beef component. The rule would also require that the print for all
words in the descriptive designation as the product name appear in the
same style, color, and size, and on a single-color contrasting
background. In addition, this rule would require that labels of raw and
partially-cooked needle- or blade-tenderized beef products destined for
household consumers, hotels, restaurants, or similar institutions
include validated cooking instructions stating that these products need
to be cooked to a specified minimum internal temperature, and whether
they need to be held at that minimum internal temperature for a
specified time before consumption, i.e., dwell time or rest time, to
ensure that they are thoroughly cooked.
 Statement of Need: FSIS has concluded that without proper labeling,
raw or partially cooked mechanically tenderized beef products could be
mistakenly perceived by consumers to be whole, intact muscle cuts. The
fact that a cut of beef has been needle- or blade-tenderized is a
characterizing feature of the product and, as such, a material fact
that is likely to affect consumers' purchase decisions and that should
affect their preparation of the product. FSIS has also concluded that
the addition of validated cooking instruction is necessary to ensure
that potential pathogens throughout the product are destroyed. Without
thorough cooking, pathogens that may have been introduced to the
interior of the product during the tenderization process may remain in
the product.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 21 U.S.C. 601 to 695.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two options: Option 1, extend
labeling requirements to include vacuum-tumbled beef products and
enzyme-formed beef products; and Option 2, extend the proposed labeling
requirements to all needle- or blade-tenderized meat and poultry
products.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule estimated the one-
time cost to produce labels for mechanically tenderized beef at $1.05
million. The annualized cost is $140,000 at 7 percent for 10 years
($120,000 and when annualized at 3 percent for 10 years). The proposed
rule estimated an additional one-time total cost to produce labels for
mechanically tenderized beef at $1.57 million or $209,000 when
annualized at 7 percent for 10 years ($179,000 when annualized at 3
percent for 10 years), if this proposed rule becomes final before the
added-solution rule is finalized. The proposed rule estimated the
expected number of E. coli O157:H7 illnesses prevented would be 453 per
year, with a range of 133 to 1,497, if the predicted percentages of
beef steaks and roasts are cooked to an internal temperature of 160
[deg]F (or 145 [deg]F and 3 minutes of dwell time). These prevented
illnesses amount to $1,486,000 per year in benefits with a range of
$436,000 to $4,912,000. Therefore, the expected annualized net benefits
are $296,000 to $4,772,000, with a primary estimate of $1,346,000. If,
however, this rule is in effect before the added solutions rule, the
expected annualized net benefits are then $1,137,000, with a range of
$87,000 to $4,563,000, plus the unquantifiable benefits of increased
consumer information and market efficiency, minus an unquantified
consumer surplus loss and an unquantified cost associated with food
service establishments changing their standard operating procedures.
 Risks: FSIS estimates that approximately 1,965 illnesses annually
are attributed to mechanically tenderized beef, either with or without
added solutions. If all the servings are cooked to a minimum of 160
degrees F then the number of illnesses drops to 78. This number of
illnesses is due to a data set for all STEC and not just O157 data.
FSIS estimates that 1,887 out of 1,965 would be prevented annually if
mechanically tenderized meat were cooked to 160 degrees F.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34589
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/09/13 .......................

[[Page 76488]]


NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48631
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 12/03/13 78 FR 72597
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Rosalyn Murphy-Jenkins, Director, Labeling and
Program Delivery Staff (LPDS), Department of Agriculture, Food Safety
and Inspection Service, Office of Policy and Program Development,
Patriots Plaza 3, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 8-148, Mailstop
5273, Washington, DC 20250-5273, Phone: 301 504-0879, Fax: 202 245-
4792, Email: rosalyn.murphy-jenkins@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD45

USDA--FSIS

24. Record To Be Kept by Official Establishments and Retail Stores That
Grind Raw Beef Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 9 CFR 320.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FSIS proposed to amend its recordkeeping regulations to
specify that all official establishments and retail stores that grind
raw beef products for sale in commerce must keep records that disclose
the identity of the supplier of all source materials that they use in
the preparation of each lot of raw ground product, and identify the
names of those source materials.
 Statement of Need: Under the authority of the Federal Meat
Inspection Act (FMIA) (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and its implementing
regulations, FSIS investigates complaints and reports of consumer
foodborne illness possibly associated with FSIS-regulated meat
products. Many such investigations into consumer foodborne illnesses
involve those caused by the consumption of raw beef ground, by official
establishments or retail stores. FSIS investigators and public health
officials frequently use records kept by all levels of the food
distribution chain, including the retail level, to identify and
traceback product that is the source of the illness to the suppliers
that produced the source material for the product. The Agency, however,
has often been thwarted in its effort to traceback ground beef
products, some associated with consumer illness, to the suppliers that
provided source materials for the products. In some situations,
official establishments and retail stores have not kept records
necessary to allow traceback and traceforward activities to occur.
Without such necessary records, FSIS's ability to conduct timely and
effective consumer foodborne illness investigations and other public
health activities throughout the stream of commerce is also affected,
thereby placing the consuming public at risk. Therefore, for FSIS to be
able to conduct traceback and traceforward investigations, foodborne
illnesses investigations, or to monitor product recalls, the records
kept by official establishments and retail stores that grind raw beef
products must disclose the identity of the supplier and the names of
the sources of all materials that they use in the preparation of each
lot of raw ground beef product.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under 21 U.S.C. 642, official
establishments and retail stores that grind raw beef products for sale
in commerce are persons, firms, or corporations that must keep such
records and correctly disclose all transactions involved in their
businesses subject to the Act. This is because they engage in the
business of preparing products of an amenable species for use as human
food, and they engage in the business of buying or selling (as meat
brokers, wholesalers or otherwise) in commerce products of carcasses of
an amenable species. These businesses must also provide access to, and
inspection of, these records by FSIS personnel. Further, under 9 CFR
320.1(a), every person, firm, or corporation required by section 642 of
the FMIA to keep records must keep those records that will fully and
correctly disclose all transactions involved in his or its business
subject to the Act. Records specifically required to be kept under
section 320.1(b) include, but are not limited to, bills of sale;
invoices; bills of lading; and receiving and shipping papers. With
respect to each transaction, the records must provide the name or
description of the livestock or article; the net weight of the
livestock or article; the number of outside containers; the name and
address of the buyer or seller of the livestock or animal; and the date
and method of shipment.
 Alternatives: FSIS considered two alternatives to the proposed
requirements: The status quo and a voluntary recordkeeping program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs occur because about 76,093
retail stores and official establishments will need to develop and
maintain records, and make those records available for the Agency's
review. Using the best available data, FSIS believes that industry
recordkeeping costs would be approximately $1.46 million. Agency costs
of approximately $0.01 million would result from record reviews at
official establishments and retail stores, as well as travel time to
and from retail stores. Annual benefits from this rule come from
estimated averted Shiga toxin-producing E.coli illnesses and averted
cases of Salmonellosis. Non-monetized benefits will accrue to industry
due to an expected smaller volume of recalls, given everything else
being equal, and due to the reduced industry vulnerability to
reputation-damaging food safety events. Avoiding loss of business
reputation is an indirect benefit. The Government will benefit in that
the rule will enable it to operate in a more efficient manner in
identifying and tracking recalls of adulterated raw ground beef
products. Consumers will benefit from a reduction in foodborne
illnesses due to quicker recalls, correction of process failures at
establishments producing ground beef, and improved guidance and
industry practices.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/22/14 79 FR 42464
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/22/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Victoria Levine, Program Analyst, Issuances Staff
(IS), Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspection Service,
Office of Policy and Program Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 6079, South Building, Washington, DC 20250-3700, Phone: 202 720-
5627, Fax: 202 690-0486, Email: victoria.levine@fsis.usda.gov
 RIN: 0583-AD46

USDA--FOREST SERVICE (FS)

Final Rule Stage

25. Forest Service Manual 2020--Ecological Restoration and Resilience
Policy

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: FSM 2020
 CFR Citation: None.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This policy establishes a common definition for
ecological restoration and resilience that is

[[Page 76489]]

consistent with the 2012 Land Planning rule. The directive provides
additional guidance in implementing the definition throughout Forest
Service program areas by incorporating it into the Forest Service
Manual. Restoration objectives span a number of initiatives in various
program areas, including the invasive species strategy; recovery of
areas affected by high-severity fires, hurricanes, and other
catastrophic disturbances; fish habitat restoration and remediation;
riparian area restoration; conservation of threatened and endangered
species; and restoration of impaired watersheds and large-scale
watershed restoration projects. The restoration policy allows agency
employees to more effectively communicate Forest Service work in
meeting restoration needs at the local, regional, and national levels.
Currently an internal Forest Service interim policy for this final
directive has been implemented in the field units, without any issues.
This final directive brings the Forest Service policy into alignment
with current ecological restoration science and with congressional and
Forest Service authorizations and initiatives.
 Statement of Need: There is a critical need for ecological
restoration on National Forest System lands and the concept of
restoration is threaded throughout existing agency authorities and
collaborative efforts such as the National Fire Plan. However, without
a definition in Forest Services' Directive System there has not been
consistent interpretation and application. This established policy was
necessary for consistency and for the landscape to better weather
disturbances, especially under future environmental conditions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Forest Service amended the Forest
Service Manual (FSM) to add a new title: FSM 2020 Ecological
Restoration and Resilience. This final directive reinforced adaptive
management, use of science, and collaboration in planning and decision
making. These foundational land management policies, including use of
restoration to achieve desired conditions, underwent formal public
review during revision of the Planning Rule (36 CFR 219) and amendment
of associated directives (FSM 1900, 1920).
 Alternatives: No alternatives were considered as an established
policy is necessary for agency consistency.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This final directive had no monetary
effect to the agency or the public. The final directive helped agency
employees and partners to more effectively communicate restoration
needs and accomplishments at the local, regional, and national levels.
 Risks: There is no risk identified with this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Directive.................. 09/12/13 78 FR 56202
Proposed Directive Comment Period 11/12/13 .......................
 End.
Final Directive..................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: LaRenda C. King, Assistant Director, Directives and
Regulations, Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, ATTN: ORMS, D&R
Branch, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0003, Phone:
202 205-6560, Email: larendacking@fs.fed.us
 RIN: 0596-AC82

USDA--FS

26. Land Management Planning Rule Policy

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 302; 16 U.S.C. 1604; 16 U.S.C. 1613
 CFR Citation: 36 CFR 219.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Forest Service issued proposed planning directives on
February 27, 2013 (RIN # 0596-AD06), which would provide guidance to
agency staff on implementation of the recently revised land management
planning regulation at 36 CFR 219 (RIN 0596-AC94) (the ``2012 Planning
Rule''), which was effective May 9, 2012. A 60-day period, extended for
an additional 15 days, for the public to comment on the proposed
directives concluded on May 24, 2013. The proposed directives have been
revised, based on public comment, and the agency seeks to publish a
Notice of Availability of the final Directives.
 The National Forest Management Act (NFMA) requires that the Forest
Service develop land management plans for each unit of the National
Forest System, and the agency maintain regulations (Planning Rule) that
guide the development and content of such plans. In addition to formal
regulations, the agency uses its system of directives to provide more
detailed guidance on how to meet the requirements of the Planning Rule.
 Statement of Need: The existing direction in the Forest Service
Manual 1920 and the Forest Service Handbook 1909.12 regarding Land
Management Planning needs to be updated to support implementation of
the 2012 Planning Rule (36 CFR 219). This brings the planning
directives in line with the new planning rule and clarifies substantive
and procedural requirements to implement the rule. The updated
directives implements a planning framework that fosters collaboration
with the public during land management planning, and is science-based,
responsive to change, and promotes social, economic, and ecological
sustainability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Forest Service promulgated a new land
management planning regulation at 36 CFR 219 (the ``2012 Planning
Rule''). The final Planning rule and record of decision was published
on April 9, 2012 (77 FR 21162).
 Alternatives: The Forest Service finalized the directives to bring
the Forest Services' internal directives in-line with the CFR.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: No new costs to the agency or the
public are associated with these directives. The amended directives
results in more effective and efficient planning within the Agency's
capability.
 Risks: There are no risks to the public or to the Forest Service
associated with this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Directive.................. 02/27/13 78 FR 13316
Comment Period End.................. 04/29/13 .......................
Final Directive..................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: LaRenda C. King, Assistant Director, Directives and
Regulations, Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, ATTN: ORMS, D&R
Branch, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0003, Phone:
202 205-6560, Email: larendacking@fs.fed.us
 RIN: 0596-AD06

USDA--Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS)

Final Rule Stage

27. Rural Energy for America Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.

[[Page 76490]]

Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 8107
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4280-B.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Agency published a proposed rule for the Rural Energy
for America Program (REAP) on April 12, 2013 (78 FR 22044). The agency
is authorized under section 9007 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014) to provide
grants for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance;
grants for renewable energy system feasibility studies; and financial
assistance for energy efficiency improvements and renewable energy
systems. The 2014 Farm Bill directs that at least 20 percent of funds
be used for grants of $20,000 or less, and up to 4 percent of mandatory
funds for energy audits and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. Eligible entities for energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance include units of State, tribal, or local
government; an instrumentality of a State, tribal, or local government;
land grant or other institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; RCID Councils or public power entities. Eligible entities
for financial assistance for energy efficiency improvements and
renewable energy systems include agricultural producers and rural small
businesses. The agency identified REAP as one of the Department's
periodic retrospective review of regulations under Executive Order
13563, and has proposed a tiered application approach that reduces
applicant burden for technical reports and streamlines the narrative
portion of the application.
 Statement of Need: The agency needs to incorporate amendments from
the Agricultural Act of 2014. Prior to the Agricultural Act of 2014,
the agency modified the program to reduce the applicant burden and
improve program delivery. In order to make these changes to 7 CFR 4280,
subpart B, a final rule needs to be published.
 Summary of Legal Basis: REAP was authorized by the 2002 Farm Bill,
and continued by the 2014 Farm Bill which made available $50,000,000 in
mandatory funding for 2014, and each year thereafter through 2018, and
authorized for appropriations $20,000,000 in discretionary funding for
each fiscal year 2014 through 2018. The program provides for grants and
guaranteed loans for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements, and grants for energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance. The purpose of the program is to reduce the
energy consumption and increase renewable energy production.
 Alternatives: The alternatives are to: (1) Continue operating the
program under the 7 CFR 4280, subpart B as it currently is written; (2)
revise 7 CFR 4280, subpart B based on public comments received on the
interim rule and issue a final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits of the rule may include a
reduction in energy consumption, an increase in renewable energy
production and reduced burden for certain loan and grant applications.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/14/11 76 FR 21109
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/14/11 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 06/13/11 .......................
 End.
NPRM................................ 04/12/13 78 FR 22044
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, Department of
Agriculture, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, STOP 3225, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3225, Phone: 202 720-
6819, Fax: 202 720-2213, Email: kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA76

USDA--RBS

28. Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4287; 7 CFR 4279.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Agency published a proposed rule for the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program on September 15, 2014 (78 FR 22044),
which, when finalized, would revise the 1996 B&I regulations. While
there have been some minor modifications to the B&I Guaranteed Loan
Program regulations since 1996, this action is in response to the
implement 2014 Farm Bill provisions and makes needed refinements to the
regulation. These changes are design to enhance the program, improve
efficiency, correct minor inconsistencies, clarify the regulations, and
ultimately reduce delinquencies. The Agency held several lender
meetings throughout the country to see how changes to the program could
benefit lenders who utilize the program. The proposed changes being
considered may result in a lower the subsidy rate. The rule, when
finalized, is intended to increase lending activity, expand business
opportunities, and create more jobs in rural areas, particularly in
areas that have historically experienced economic distress.
 Statement of Need: With the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill, there is
the need to conform certain portions of the B&I Guaranteed Loan Program
regulations with requirements found in the 2014 Farm Bill, such as the
addition of cooperative equity security guarantees, the locally and
regionally grown agricultural food products initiative, and exceptions
to the rural area definition. In addition, with the passage of time,
the Agency proposed revisions intended to improve program delivery and
administration, leverage program resources, better align the regulation
with the program's goals and purposes, clarify the regulations, and
reduce delinquencies and defaults. These proposed revisions may also
improve program subsidy costs. A reduction in program subsidy costs may
increase funding availability for additional projects, further
improving the economic conditions of rural America. This may result in
increased lending activity, the expansion of business opportunities,
and the creation of more jobs in rural areas.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, as amended by the 2008 and 2014 Farm Bill.
 Alternatives: The only alternative would be the status quo, which
is not an acceptable alternative.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
include a possible reduction in loan losses, a lower subsidy rate, and
streamline program delivery. The program changes have a cumulative
effect of lowering the program cost; however, the amount of the change
in cost cannot be estimated with any reasonable precision.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proposed Rule....................... 09/15/14 79 FR 55316
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76491]]

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Brenda Griffin, Loan Specialist, B&I Processing
Division, Department of Agriculture, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202
720-6802, Fax: 202 720-6003, Email: brenda.griffin@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA85

USDA--RBS

29. Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product
Manufacturing Assistance Program

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 8103
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 4279 subpart C; 7 CFR 4287 subpart D.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Biorefinery Assistance Program was authorized under
the 2008 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the authority
established by the 2008 Farm Bill but made changes to the program that
require revisions to existing regulations. The 2014 Farm Bill changed
the program's name to the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manufacturing Assistance Program and mandated that the program
provide loan guarantees for the development, construction, and
retrofitting of commercial-scale biorefineries as well as biobased
product manufacturing facilities. Increasing production of homegrown
renewable fuels, chemicals, and biobased products has grown; so has the
need to develop and produce them. Rural Business--Cooperative Service
(RBS) offers opportunities to producers to develop and manufacture such
products through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased
Product Manfacturing Assistance Program. RBS published the Biorefinery
Assistance Program proposed rule in the Federal Register on April 18,
2010, (75 FR 20044) and an interim rule on February 14, 2011, both with
60-day comment periods. Comments were received from biofuel and bio-
products producers, banking and investment institutions, attorneys, and
research and development companies. In addition to the program changes
required by the 2014 Farm Bill, RBS needs to address the comments
received to the February 14, 2011, interim rule. The Biorefinery,
Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program focuses on accelerating the commercialization of production of
advanced biofuels and renewable chemicals, as well as biobased product
manufacturing.
 Statement of Need: The 2014 Farm Bill made changes to the program
that require revisions to the program rule, and RBS needs to address
the comments received on the interim rule published on February 14,
2011.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Biorefinery Assistance Program was
authorized under the 2008 Farm Bill. The 2014 Farm Bill continues the
authority and provides $100 million for the program in fiscal year 2014
and $50 million in both fiscal years 2015 and 2016, of which not more
than 15 percent can be used for Biobased Product Manufacturing.
 Alternatives: The alternatives are: (1) Implement the Section 9003
provisions of the Farm Bill immediately through publishing a subsequent
interim rule. This alternative will require the Department to exercise
the Hardin memo exemption to implement the Farm Bill amendments;
however, it will also enable Rural Development to respond to the
comments received to the interim rule published in 2011 and incorporate
updates into the subsequent interim rule. Option 1 is the agency's
preferred alternative. (2) Implement the Section 9003 Farm Bill
provisions immediately by publishing a final rule. This alternative
will also require the Department to exercise the Hardin memo exemption
the Farm Bill amendments; however, this alternative precludes
stakeholder and public comment to the new rule. (3) Implement the
Section 9003 Farm Bill provisions by publishing a proposed rule. This
alternative is the Department's traditional rulemaking process and
enables public comment, but would delay implementation of the program
and utilization of funding into fiscal year 2015 (or beyond) and may
increase the risk of a rescission of fiscal year 2014 funds.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits include increase in
renewable energy/advance biofuel, renewable chemical, and biobased
manufacturing.
 Risks: There are no associated risks to the public health, safety
or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 03/00/15 .......................
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/00/15 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 05/00/15 .......................
 End.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Todd Hubbell, Loan Specialist, Specialty Lenders
Division, Department of Agriculture, Rural Business--Cooperative
Service, STOP 3225, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-
3225, Phone: 202 690-2516, Email: todd.hubbell@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0570-AA93

USDA--NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE (NRCS)

Final Rule Stage

30. Agricultural Conservation Easement Program

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-79
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, November 4, 2014, 270 days from
enactment of Public Law 113-79.
 Abstract: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act) consolidated
the Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection
Program (FRPP), and the Grassland Reserve Program (GRP) into a single
Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP). The consolidated
easement program has two components--an agricultural land easement
component and a wetland reserve easement component. The agricultural
land easement component is patterned after the former FRPP with GRP's
land eligibility components merged into it. The wetland reserve
easement component is patterned after WRP. Land previously enrolled in
the three contributing programs is considered enrolled in the new ACEP.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Act)
consolidated several of the Title XII (of the Food Security Act of
1985) conservation easement programs and provided for the continued
operations of former programs. NRCS is promulgating a consolidated
conservation easement regulation to reflect the 2014 Act's
consolidation of the WRP, FRPP, and GRP programs.
 Summary of Legal Basis: NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to
implement

[[Page 76492]]

the consolidated conservation easement program. This regulation action
is pursuant to section 1246 of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended by the 2014 Act, which requires regulations necessary to
implement Title II of the 2014 Act through an interim rule with request
for comments.
 Alternatives: NRCS determined that rulemaking was the appropriate
mechanism through which to implement the 2014 Act consolidation of the
three source conservation easement programs. Additionally, NRCS
determined that the Agency needs standard criteria for implementing the
program and program participants need predictability when initiating an
application and conveying an easement. The regulation aims to establish
a comprehensive framework for working with program participants to
implement ACEP. Upon consideration of public comment, NRCS will
promulgate final program regulations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The 2014 Act has consolidated three
conservation easement programs into a single conservation easement
program with two components. The program will be implemented under the
general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who is a Vice
President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC). Through ACEP, NRCS
will continue to purchase wetland reserve easements directly and will
contribute funds to eligible entities for their purchase of
agricultural land easements that protect working farm and grazing
lands. Participation in the program is voluntary.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides an opportunity for public comment in program
regulations.
 Provides a regulatory framework for NRCS to implement a
consolidated conservation easement program.
 Provides transparency to the public potential applicants
on NRCS program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation are:
 The costs incurred by private landowners are negative or
zero since this is a voluntary program and they are compensated for the
rights that they transfer.
 Other costs incurred by society through market changes are
localized or negligible.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA61

USDA--NRCS

31. Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) Interim
Rule

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 714b and 714c; 16 U.S.C. 3839AA-3839-8
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1466.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, November 4, 2014, 270 days from
enactment of Public Law 113-79.
 Abstract: NRCS promulgated the current EQIP regulation on January
15, 2009 through an interim rule. The interim rule incorporated
programmatic changes authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (the 2008 Act). NRCS published a correction to the interim
rule on March 12, 2009, and an amendment to the interim rule on May 29,
2009. NRCS has implemented EQIP in FY 2009 through FY 2013 under the
current regulation. The Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Act) amended
Chapter 4 of Subtitle D of Title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985
by making the following changes to EQIP program requirements: (1)
Eliminates requirement that contract must remain in place for a minimum
of 1 year after last practice implemented, but keeps requirement that
the contract term is not to exceed 10 years, (2) Consolidates elements
of Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP), and repeals WHIP
authority, (3) Replaces rolling 6-year payment limitation with payment
limitation for FY 2014-FY 2018, 4) Requires Conservation Innovation
Grants (CIG) reporting no later than December 31, 2014 and every 2
years thereafter, (4) Establishes payment limitation established at
$450,000 and eliminates waiver authority, (5) Modifies the special rule
for foregone income payments for certain associated management
practices and resource concern priorities, (6) Makes advance payments
are available up to 50 percent for eligible historically underserved
participants to purchase material or contract services instead of the
previous 30 percent, (7) Provides flexibility for repayment of advance
payment if not expended within 90 days, and (8) Requires that for each
fiscal year from of the FY 2014 to FY 2018, at least five percent of
available EQIP funds shall be targeted for wildlife related
conservation practices. The 2014 Act further identifies EQIP as a
contributing program authorized to accomplish the purposes of the
Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) (Subtitle I of Title
XII of the Food Security Act of 1985, as amended). RCPP replaces the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program (AWEP), Chesapeake Bay Watershed
Program (CBWP), Cooperative Conservation Partnership Initiative (CCPI),
and the Great Lakes Basin Program for soil erosion and sediment
control. Like the programs it replaces, RCPP will operate through
regulations in place for contributing programs. The other contributing
programs include the Conservation Stewardship Program, the Healthy
Forests Reserve Program, and the new Agricultural Conservation Easement
Program (ACEP). NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to incorporate
the 2014 Act changes to EQIP program administration. This regulation
action is pursuant to Section 1246 of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended by section 2608 of the 2014 Act, which requires regulations
necessary to implement Title II of the 2014 Act be promulgated through
the interim rule process.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act)
consolidated several of the Title XII conservation programs and
provided for the continued operations of former programs. NRCS is
updating the EQIP regulation to incorporate the 2014 Act changes,
including consolidation of the purposes formerly addressed through the
Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The 2014 Act has reauthorized and amended
the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). EQIP was first
added to the Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3801 et
seq.) by the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996
(1996 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3839aa). The program is implemented under the
general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who is a Vice
President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC).
 Alternatives: NRCS considered only making the changes mandated by
the 2014 Farm Bill. This alternative would have missed opportunities to
improve the implementation of the program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Through EQIP, NRCS provides
assistance to farmers and ranchers to

[[Page 76493]]

conserve and enhance soil, water, air, and related natural resources on
their land. Eligible lands include cropland, grassland, rangeland,
pasture, wetlands, nonindustrial private forest land, and other
agricultural land on which agricultural or forest-related products, or
livestock are produced and natural resource concerns may be addressed.
Participation in the program is voluntary.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides continued consistency for the NRCS to implement
EQIP.
 Provides transparency to potential applicants on NRCS
program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation:
 All program participants must follow the same
requirements, even though they are very different types of agricultural
operations in different resource contexts.
 Most program participants are required to contribute at
least 25 percent of the resources needed to implement program
practices. However, such costs are standard for such financial
assistance programs.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 11/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA62

USDA--NRCS

32. Conservation Stewardship Program Interim Rule

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 3838d to 3838g.
 CFR Citation: 7 CFR 1470.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: NRCS seeks to publish an interim rule to incorporate the
2014 Act changes to Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP) program
administration. This regulation action is pursuant to Section 1246 of
the Food Security Act of 1985, as amended by the 2014 Act, which
requires regulations necessary to implement Title II of the 2014 Act
through an interim rule with request for comments. Background: The
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 Act (2008 Act) amended the
Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) to establish CSP and authorize the
program in fiscal years 2009 through 2013. The Agriculture Act of 2014
(the 2014 Act) re-authorizes and revises CSP. The purpose of CSP is to
encourage producers to address priority resource concerns and improve
and conserve the quality and condition of the natural resources in a
comprehensive manner by: (1) Undertaking additional conservation
activities; and (2) improving, maintaining, and managing existing
conservation activities. The Secretary of Agriculture delegated
authority to the Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS),
to administer CSP. Through CSP, NRCS provides financial and technical
assistance to eligible producers to conserve and enhance soil, water,
air, and related natural resources on their land. Eligible lands
include private or tribal cropland, grassland, pastureland, rangeland,
non-industrial private forest lands and other land in agricultural
areas (including cropped woodland, marshes, and agricultural land or
capable of being used for the production of livestock) on which
resource concerns related to agricultural production could be
addressed. Participation in the program is voluntary. CSP encourages
land stewards to improve their conservation performance by installing
and adopting additional activities, and improving, maintaining, and
managing existing activities on eligible land. NRCS makes funding for
CSP available nationwide on a continuous application basis.
 Statement of Need: The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Act)
amended several of the Title XII conservation programs and provided for
the continued operations of former programs. NRCS is updating the CSP
regulation to incorporate the 2014 Act changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The 2014 Act has reauthorized and amended
the Conservation Stewardship Program (CSP). CSP was first added to the
Food Security Act of 1985 (1985 Act) (16 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) by the
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008. The program is implemented
under the general supervision and direction of the Chief of NRCS, who
is a Vice President of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC).
 Alternatives: NRCS considered only making the changes mandated by
the 2014 Farm Bill. This alternative would have missed opportunities to
improve the implementation of the program. NRCS would consider
alternatives suggested during the public comment period.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CSP is a voluntary program that
encourages agricultural and forestry producers to address priority
resource concerns by: (1) Undertaking additional conservation
activities, and (2) improving and maintaining existing conservation
systems. CSP provides financial and technical assistance to help land
stewards conserve and enhance soil, water, air, and related natural
resources on their land.
 CSP is available to all producers, regardless of operation size or
crops produced, in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the
Caribbean and Pacific Island areas. Eligible lands include cropland,
grassland, prairie land, improved pastureland, rangeland, nonindustrial
private forest land, and agricultural land under the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe. Applicants may include individuals, legal entities, joint
operations, or Indian tribes.
 CSP pays participants for conservation performance the higher the
performance, the higher the payment. It provides two possible types of
payments. An annual payment is available for installing new
conservation activities and maintaining existing practices. A
supplemental payment is available to participants who also adopt a
resource conserving crop rotation.
 Through five-year contracts, NRCS makes payments as soon as
practical after October 1 of each fiscal year for contract activities
installed and maintained in the previous year. A person or legal entity
may have more than one CSP contract but, for all CSP contracts
combined, may not receive more than $40,000 in any year or more than
$200,000 during any five-year period.
 The primary benefits associated with this rulemaking are:
 Provides continued consistency for the NRCS to implement
CSP.
 Provides transparency to potential applicants on NRCS
program requirements.
 The primary costs imposed by this regulation are that all program
participants must follow the same basic programmatic requirements, even
though they are very different types of agricultural operations in
different resource contexts.
 The 2014 Act further identifies CSP as a contributing program
authorized to accomplish the purposes of the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program

[[Page 76494]]

(RCPP) (subtitle I of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985, as
amended). RCPP replaces the Agricultural Water Enhancement Program
(AWEP), Chesapeake Bay Watershed Program (CBWP), Cooperative
Conservation Partnership Initiative (CCPI), and the Great Lakes Basin
Program for soil erosion and sediment control. Like the programs it
replaces, RCPP will operate through regulations in place for
contributing programs. The other contributing programs include the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program, the Healthy Forests Reserve
Program, and the new Agricultural Conservation Easement Program (ACEP).
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 11/05/14 79 FR 65835
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 11/05/14 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 01/05/15 .......................
 End.
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Leslie Deavers, Acting Farm Bill Coordinator,
Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 1400
Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20250, Phone: 202 720-5484, Email:
leslie.deavers@wdc.usda.gov
 RIN: 0578-AA63
BILLING CODE 3410-90-S

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE (DOC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

Established in 1903, the Department of Commerce (Commerce) is one
of the oldest Cabinet-level agencies in the Federal Government.
Commerce's mission is to create the conditions for economic growth and
opportunity by promoting innovation, entrepreneurship, competitiveness,
and environmental stewardship. Commerce has 12 operating units, which
are responsible for managing a diverse portfolio of programs and
services, ranging from trade promotion and economic development
assistance to broadband and the National Weather Service.
 Commerce touches Americans daily, in many ways--making possible the
daily weather reports and survey research; facilitating technology that
all of us use in the workplace and in the home each day; supporting the
development, gathering, and transmission of information essential to
competitive business; enabling the diversity of companies and goods
found in America's and the world's marketplace; and supporting
environmental and economic health for the communities in which
Americans live.
 Commerce has a clear and compelling vision for itself, for its role
in the Federal Government, and for its roles supporting the American
people, now and in the future. To achieve this vision, Commerce works
in partnership with businesses, universities, communities, and workers
to:
 Innovate by creating new ideas through cutting-edge
science and technology from advances in nanotechnology, to ocean
exploration, to broadband deployment, and by protecting American
innovations through the patent and trademark system;
 Support entrepreneurship and commercialization by enabling
community development and strengthening minority businesses and small
manufacturers;
 Maintain U.S. economic competitiveness in the global
marketplace by promoting exports, ensuring a level playing field for
U.S. businesses, and ensuring that technology transfer is consistent
with our nation's economic and security interests;
 Provide effective management and stewardship of our
nation's resources and assets to ensure sustainable economic
opportunities; and
 Make informed policy decisions and enable better
understanding of the economy by providing accurate economic and
demographic data.
 Commerce is a vital resource base, a tireless advocate, and
Cabinet-level voice for job creation.
 The Regulatory Plan tracks the most important regulations that
implement these policy and program priorities, several of which involve
regulation of the private sector by Commerce.

Responding to the Administration's Regulatory Philosophy and Principles

The vast majority of the Commerce's programs and activities do not
involve regulation. Of Commerce's 12 primary operating units, only the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) will be planning
actions that are considered the ``most important'' significant
preregulatory or regulatory actions for FY 2015. During the next year,
NOAA plans to publish five rulemaking actions that are designated as
Regulatory Plan actions. The Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) may
also publish rulemaking actions designated as Regulatory Plan actions.
Further information on these actions is provided below.
 Commerce has a long-standing policy to prohibit the issuance of any
regulation that discriminates on the basis of race, religion, gender,
or any other suspect category and requires that all regulations be
written so as to be understandable to those affected by them. The
Secretary also requires that Commerce afford the public the maximum
possible opportunity to participate in Departmental rulemakings, even
where public participation is not required by law.

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

NOAA establishes and administers Federal policy for the
conservation and management of the Nation's oceanic, coastal, and
atmospheric resources. It provides a variety of essential environmental
and climate services vital to public safety and to the Nation's
economy, such as weather forecasts, drought forecasts, and storm
warnings. It is a source of objective information on the state of the
environment. NOAA plays the lead role in achieving Commerce's goal of
promoting stewardship by providing assessments of the global
environment.
 Recognizing that economic growth must go hand-in-hand with
environmental stewardship, Commerce, through NOAA, conducts programs
designed to provide a better understanding of the connections between
environmental health, economics, and national security. Commerce's
emphasis on ``sustainable fisheries'' is designed to boost long-term
economic growth in a vital sector of the U.S. economy while conserving
the resources in the public trust and minimizing any economic
dislocation necessary to ensure long-term economic growth. Commerce is
where business and environmental interests intersect, and the classic
debate on the use of natural resources is transformed into a ``win-
win'' situation for the environment and the economy.
 Three of NOAA's major components, the National Marine Fisheries
Services (NMFS), the National Ocean Service (NOS), and the National
Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS),
exercise regulatory authority.
 NMFS oversees the management and conservation of the Nation's
marine

[[Page 76495]]

fisheries, protects threatened and endangered marine and anadromous
species and marine mammals, and promotes economic development of the
U.S. fishing industry. NOS assists the coastal States in their
management of land and ocean resources in their coastal zones,
including estuarine research reserves; manages the national marine
sanctuaries; monitors marine pollution; and directs the national
program for deep-seabed minerals and ocean thermal energy. NESDIS
administers the civilian weather satellite program and licenses private
organizations to operate commercial land-remote sensing satellite
systems.
 Commerce, through NOAA, has a unique role in promoting stewardship
of the global environment through effective management of the Nation's
marine and coastal resources and in monitoring and predicting changes
in the Earth's environment, thus linking trade, development, and
technology with environmental issues. NOAA has the primary Federal
responsibility for providing sound scientific observations,
assessments, and forecasts of environmental phenomena on which resource
management, adaptation, and other societal decisions can be made.
 In the environmental stewardship area, NOAA's goals include:
Rebuilding and maintaining strong U.S. fisheries by using market-based
tools and ecosystem approaches to management; increasing the
populations of depleted, threatened, or endangered species and marine
mammals by implementing recovery plans that provide for their recovery
while still allowing for economic and recreational opportunities;
promoting healthy coastal ecosystems by ensuring that economic
development is managed in ways that maintain biodiversity and long-term
productivity for sustained use; and modernizing navigation and
positioning services. In the environmental assessment and prediction
area, goals include: Understanding climate change science and impacts,
and communicating that understanding to government and private sector
stakeholders enabling them to adapt; continually improving the National
Weather Service; implementing reliable seasonal and interannual climate
forecasts to guide economic planning; providing science-based policy
advice on options to deal with very long-term (decadal to centennial)
changes in the environment; and advancing and improving short-term
warning and forecast services for the entire environment.
Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act
 Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (Magnuson-
Stevens Act) rulemakings concern the conservation and management of
fishery resources in the U.S. Exclusive Economic Zone (generally 3-200
nautical miles). Among the several hundred rulemakings that NOAA plans
to issue in FY 2015, a number of the preregulatory and regulatory
actions will be significant. The exact number of such rulemakings is
unknown, since they are usually initiated by the actions of eight
regional Fishery Management Councils (FMCs) that are responsible for
preparing fishery management plans (FMPs) and FMP amendments, and for
drafting implementing regulations for each managed fishery. NOAA issues
regulations to implement FMPs and FMP amendments. Once a rulemaking is
triggered by an FMC, the Magnuson-Stevens Act places stringent
deadlines upon NOAA by which it must exercise its rulemaking
responsibilities. FMPs and FMP amendments for Atlantic highly migratory
species, such as bluefin tuna, swordfish, and sharks, are developed
directly by NOAA, not by FMCs.
 FMPs address a variety of issues including maximizing fishing
opportunities on healthy stocks, rebuilding overfished stocks, and
addressing gear conflicts. One of the problems that FMPs may address is
preventing overcapitalization (preventing excess fishing capacity) of
fisheries. This may be resolved by market-based systems such as catch
shares, which permit shareholders to harvest a quantity of fish and
which can be traded on the open market. Harvest limits based on the
best available scientific information, whether as a total fishing limit
for a species in a fishery or as a share assigned to each vessel
participant, enable stressed stocks to rebuild. Other measures include
staggering fishing seasons or limiting gear types to avoid gear
conflicts on the fishing grounds and establishing seasonal and area
closures to protect fishery stocks.
 The FMCs provide a forum for public debate and, using the best
scientific information available, make the judgments needed to
determine optimum yield on a fishery-by-fishery basis. Optional
management measures are examined and selected in accordance with the
national standards set forth in the Magnuson-Stevens Act. This process,
including the selection of the preferred management measures,
constitutes the development, in simplified form, of an FMP. The FMP,
together with draft implementing regulations and supporting
documentation, is submitted to NMFS for review against the national
standards set forth in the Magnuson-Stevens Act, in other provisions of
the Act, and other applicable laws. The same process applies to
amending an existing approved FMP.
Marine Mammal Protection Act
 The Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (MMPA) provides the
authority for the conservation and management of marine mammals under
U.S. jurisdiction. It expressly prohibits, with certain exceptions, the
take of marine mammals. The MMPA allows NMFS to permit the collection
of wild animals for scientific research or public display or to enhance
the survival of a species or stock. NMFS initiates rulemakings under
the MMPA to establish a management regime to reduce marine mammal
mortalities and injuries as a result of interactions with fisheries.
The MMPA also established the Marine Mammal Commission, which makes
recommendations to the Secretaries of the Departments of Commerce and
the Interior and other Federal officials on protecting and conserving
marine mammals. The Act underwent significant changes in 1994 to allow
for takings incidental to commercial fishing operations, to provide
certain exemptions for subsistence and scientific uses, and to require
the preparation of stock assessments for all marine mammal stocks in
waters under U.S. jurisdiction.
Endangered Species Act
 The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (ESA) provides for the
conservation of species that are determined to be ``endangered'' or
``threatened,'' and the conservation of the ecosystems on which these
species depend. The ESA authorizes both NMFS and the Fish and Wildlife
Service (FWS) to jointly administer the provisions of the MMPA. NMFS
manages marine and ``anadromous'' species, and FWS manages land and
freshwater species. Together, NMFS and FWS work to protect critically
imperiled species from extinction. Of the approximately 1,300 listed
species found in part or entirely in the United States and its waters,
NMFS has jurisdiction over approximately 60 species. NMFS' rulemaking
actions are focused on determining whether any species under its
responsibility is an endangered or threatened species and whether those
species must be added to the list of

[[Page 76496]]

protected species. NMFS is also responsible for designating, reviewing,
and revising critical habitat for any listed species. In addition,
under the ESA's procedural framework, Federal agencies consult with
NMFS on any proposed action authorized, funded, or carried out by that
agency that may affect one of the listed species or designated critical
habitat, or is likely to jeopardize proposed species or adversely
modify proposed critical habitat that is under NMFS' jurisdiction.
NOAA's Regulatory Plan Actions
 While most of the rulemakings undertaken by NOAA do not rise to the
level necessary to be included in Commerce's regulatory plan, NMFS is
undertaking five actions that rise to the level of ``most important''
of Commerce's significant regulatory actions and thus are included in
this year's regulatory plan. A description of the five regulatory plan
actions is provided below.
 1. Revisions to the General section and Standards 1, 3, and 7 of
the National Standard Guidelines (0648-BB92): This action would propose
revisions to the National Standard 1 (NS1) guidelines. National
Standard 1 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management
Act states that ``conservation and management measures shall prevent
overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the optimum yield
from each fishery for the United States fishing industry.'' The
National Marine Fisheries Service last revised the NS1 Guidelines in
2009 to reflect the requirements enacted by the Magnuson-Stevens
Fishery Conservation and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 for
annual catch limits and accountability measures to end and prevent
overfishing. Since 2007, the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS)
and the Regional Fishery Management Councils have been implementing the
new annual catch limit and accountability measures requirements. Based
on experience gained from implementing annual catch limits and
accountability measures, NMFS has developed new perspectives and
identified issues regarding the application of the NS1 guidelines that
may warrant them to be revised to more fully meet the intended goal of
preventing overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the
optimum yield from each fishery. The focus of this action is to improve
the NS1 guidelines.
 2. Proposed Rule To Designate Critical Habitat for North Atlantic
Right Whale (0648-AY54): The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS)
proposes to revise critical habitat for the North Atlantic right whale.
This proposal would modify the critical habitat previously designated
in 1994.
 3. Fishery Management Plan for Regulating Offshore Marine
Aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico (0648-AS65): The purpose of this
fishery management plan is to develop a regional permitting process for
regulating and promoting environmentally sound and economically
sustainable aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone.
This fishery management plan consists of ten actions, each with an
associated range of management alternatives, which would facilitate the
permitting of an estimated 5 to 20 offshore aquaculture operations in
the Gulf of Mexico over the next 10 years, with an estimated annual
production of up to 64 million pounds. By establishing a regional
permitting process for aquaculture, the Gulf of Mexico Fishery
Management Council will be positioned to achieve their primary goal of
increasing maximum sustainable yield and optimum yield of federal
fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico by supplementing harvest of wild caught
species with cultured product. This rulemaking would outline a
regulatory permitting process for aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico,
including: (1) Required permits; (2) duration of permits; (3) species
allowed; (4) designation of sites for aquaculture; (5) reporting
requirements; and (6) regulations to aid in enforcement.
 4. Requirements for Importation of Fish and Fish Products Under the
U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act (0648-AY15): With this action, the
National Marine Fisheries Service is developing procedures to implement
the provisions of section 101(a)(2) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act
for imports of fish and fish products. Those provisions require the
Secretary of Treasury to ban imports of fish and fish products from
fisheries with bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards.
The provisions further require the Secretary of Commerce to insist on
reasonable proof from exporting nations of the effects on marine
mammals of bycatch incidental to fisheries that harvest the fish and
fish products to be imported.
 5. Revised Proposed Rule To Designate Critical Habitat for the
Hawaiian Monk Seal (0648-BA81): The National Marine Fisheries Service
(NMFS) is developing a rule to designate critical habitat for the
Hawaiian monk seal in the main and Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. In
response to a 2008 petition from the Center for Biological Diversity,
Kahea, and the Ocean Conservancy to revise Hawaiian monk seal critical
habitat, NMFS published a proposed rule in June 2011 to revise Hawaiian
monk seal critical habitat by adding critical habitat in the main
Hawaiian Islands and extending critical habitat in the Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands. Proposed critical habitat includes both marine and
terrestrial habitats (e.g., foraging areas to 500 meter depth, pupping
beaches, etc.). To address public comments on the proposed rule, NOAA
Fisheries is augmenting its prior economic analysis to better describe
the anticipated costs of the designation. NOAA Fisheries is analyzing
new tracking data to assess monk seal habitat use in the main Hawaiian
Islands.
 At this time, NOAA is unable to determine the aggregate cost of the
identified Regulatory Plan actions as several of these actions are
currently under development.

Bureau of Industry and Security

The Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) advances U.S. national
security, foreign policy, and economic objectives by maintaining and
strengthening adaptable, efficient, and effective export control and
treaty compliance systems as well as by administering programs to
prioritize certain contracts to promote the national defense and to
protect and enhance the defense industrial base.
 In August 2009, the President directed a broad-based interagency
review of the U.S. export control system with the goal of strengthening
national security and the competitiveness of key U.S. manufacturing and
technology sectors by focusing on the current threats and adapting to
the changing economic and technological landscape. In August 2010, the
President outlined an approach under which agencies that administer
export controls will apply new criteria for determining what items need
to be controlled and a common set of policies for determining when an
export license is required. The control list criteria are to be based
on transparent rules, which will reduce the uncertainty faced by our
Allies, U.S. industry and its foreign customers, and will allow the
Government to erect higher walls around the most sensitive export items
in order to enhance national security.
 Under the President's approach, agencies will apply the criteria
and revise the lists of munitions and dual-use items that are
controlled for export so that they:
 Distinguish the types of items that should be subject to stricter
or more

[[Page 76497]]

permissive levels of control for different destinations, end-uses, and
end-users;
 Create a ``bright line'' between the two current control lists to
clarify jurisdictional determinations and reduce Government and
industry uncertainty about whether particular items are subject to the
control of the State Department or the Commerce Department; and
 Are structurally aligned so that they potentially can be combined
into a single list of controlled items.
 BIS' current regulatory plan action is designed to implement the
initial phase of the President's directive, which will add to BIS'
export control purview, military related items that the President
determines no longer warrant control under rules administered by the
State Department.
Major Programs and Activities
 BIS administers four sets of regulations. The Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) regulate exports and reexports to protect national
security, foreign policy, and short supply interests. The EAR also
regulates participation of U.S. persons in certain boycotts
administered by foreign Governments. The National Defense Industrial
Base Regulations provide for prioritization of certain contracts and
allocations of resources to promote the national defense, require
reporting of foreign Government-imposed offsets in defense sales, and
address the effect of imports on the defense industrial base. The
Chemical Weapons Convention Regulations implement declaration,
reporting, and on-site inspection requirements in the private sector
necessary to meet United States treaty obligations under the Chemical
Weapons Convention treaty. The Additional Protocol Regulations
implement similar requirements with respect to an agreement between the
United States and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
 BIS also has an enforcement component with nine offices with
enforcement responsibilities covering the United States. BIS export
control officers are also stationed at several U.S. embassies and
consulates abroad. BIS works with other U.S. Government agencies to
promote coordinated U.S. Government efforts in export controls and
other programs. BIS participates in U.S. Government efforts to
strengthen multilateral export control regimes and to promote effective
export controls through cooperation with other Governments.
BIS' Regulatory Plan Actions
 As the agency responsible for leading the administration and
enforcement of U.S. export controls on dual-use and other items
warranting controls but not under the provisions of export control
regulations administered by other departments, BIS plays a central role
in the Administration's efforts to fundamentally reform the export
control system. Changing what we control, how we control it and how we
enforce and manage our controls will help strengthen our national
security by focusing our efforts on controlling the most critical
products and technologies, and by enhancing the competitiveness of key
U.S. manufacturing and technology sectors.
 In FY 2011, BIS took several steps to implement the President's
Export Control Reform Initiative (ECRI). BIS published a final rule (76
FR 35275, June 16, 2011) implementing a license exception that
authorizes exports, reexports and transfers to destinations that do not
pose a national security concern, provided certain safeguards against
diversion to other destinations are taken. BIS also proposed several
rules to control under the EAR items that the President has determined
do not warrant control under the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (ITAR), administered by the Department of State rule (76 FR
41957), and its United States Munitions List (USML).
 In FY 2012, BIS followed up on its FY 2011 successes with the ECRI
and proposed rules that would move items currently controlled in nine
categories of the USML to control under the Commerce Control List
(CCL), administered by BIS. In addition, BIS proposed a rule to ease
the implementation process for transitioning items and re-proposed a
revised key definition from the July 15 Rule, ``specially designed,''
that had received extensive public comment. In FY 2013, after State
Department notification to Congress of the transfer of items from the
USML, BIS expects to be able to publish a final rule incorporating many
of the proposed changes and revisions based on public responses to the
proposals.
 In FY 2013, BIS activities crossed an important milestone with
publication of two final rules that began to put ECRI policies into
place. An Initial Implementation rule (73 FR 22660, April 16, 2013)
sets in place the structure under which items the President determines
no longer warrant control on the United States Munitions List will be
controlled on the Commerce Control List. It also revises license
exceptions and regulatory definitions, including the definition of
``specially designed'' to more make those exceptions and definitions
clearer and to more close align them with the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations, and adds to the CCL certain military aircraft, gas
turbine engines and related items. A second final rule (78 FR 40892,
July 8 2012) followed on by adding to the CCL military vehicles,
vessels of war submersible vessels, and auxiliary military equipment
that President determined no longer warrant control on the USML.
 In FY 2014, BIS continued its emphasis on the ECRI by publishing
three final rules adding to the Commerce Control List, items the
President determined no long warrant control on the United States
Munitions List (including a rule returning jurisdiction over Commercial
Satellites to the Department of Commerce), as follows:
 January 2--Control of Military Training Equipment, Energetic
Materials, Personal Protective Equipment, Shelters, Articles Related to
Launch Vehicles, Missiles, Rockets, Military Explosives and Related
Items;
 May 13--Revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR):
Control of Spacecraft Systems and Related Items the President
Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions
List (USML); and
 July 1--Revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR):
Control of Military Electronic Equipment and Other Items the President
Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions
List
 BIS expects to publish additional ECRI final rules in FY 2015.

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

As the President noted in Executive Order 13609, ``international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting'' public
health, welfare, safety, and our environment as well as economic
growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job creation. Accordingly, in
EO 13609, the President requires each executive agency to include in
its Regulatory Plan a summary of its international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations.
 The Department of Commerce engages with numerous international
bodies in

[[Page 76498]]

various forums to promote the Department's priorities and foster
regulations that do not ``impair the ability of American business to
export and compete internationally.'' EO 13609(a). For example, the
United States Patent and Trademark Office is working with the European
Patent Office to develop a new classification system for both offices'
use. The Bureau of Industry and Security, along with the Department of
State and Department of Defense, engages with other countries in the
Wassenaar Arrangement, through which the international community
develops a common list of items that should be subject to export
controls because they are conventional arms or items that have both
military and civil uses. Other multilateral export control regimes
include the Missile Technology Control Regime, the Nuclear Suppliers
Group, and the Australia Group, which lists items controlled for
chemical and biological weapon nonproliferation purposes. In addition,
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration works with other
countries' regulatory bodies through regional fishery management
organizations to develop fair and internationally-agreed-to fishery
standards for the High Seas.
 BIS is also engaged, in partnership with the Departments of State
and Defense, in revising the regulatory framework for export control,
through the President's Export Control Reform Initiative (ECRI).
Through this effort, the United States Government is moving certain
items currently controlled by the United States Military List (USML) to
the Commerce Control List (CCL) in BIS' Export Administration
Regulations. The objective of ECRI is to improve interoperability of
U.S. military forces with those of allied countries, strengthen the
U.S. industrial base by, among other things, reducing incentives for
foreign manufacturers to design out and avoid U.S.-origin content and
services, and allow export control officials to focus Government
resources on transactions that pose greater concern. Once fully
implemented, the new export control framework also will benefit
companies in the United States seeking to export items through more
flexible and less burdensome export controls.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the Department has
identified several rulemakings as being associated with retrospective
review and analysis in the Department's final retrospective review of
regulations plan. Accordingly, the Agency is reviewing these rules to
determine whether action under E.O. 13563 is appropriate. Some of these
entries on this list may be completed actions, which do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for the Agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final Agency
retrospective analysis plan can be found at:
http://open.commerce.gov/sites/default/files/Commerce%20Plan%20for%20Retrospecti
ve%20Analysis%20of%20Existing%20Rules%20-%202011-08-22%20Final.pdf

DOC--National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)

Proposed Rule Stage

33. Requirements for Importation of Fish and Fish Product Under the
U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1371 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 216.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: With this action, NMFS is developing procedures to
implement the provisions of section 101(a)(2) of the Marine Mammal
Protection Act for imports of fish and fish products. Those provisions
require the Secretary of Treasury to ban imports of fish and fish
products from fisheries with bycatch of marine mammals in excess of
U.S. standards. The provisions further require the Secretary of
Commerce to insist on reasonable proof from exporting nations of the
effects on marine mammals of bycatch incidental to fisheries that
harvest the fish and fish products to be imported. Implementation of
this rule may have trade implications. However, the impacts will be
limited primarily to foreign entities, with no anticipated impacts to
U.S. fishermen.
 Statement of Need: The Marine Mammal Protection Act requires that
the United States prohibit imports of fish caught in a manner that
results in bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Marine Mammal Protection Act.
 Alternatives: An alternative to this rulemaking that would
facilitate marine mammal conservation overseas would be through
cooperation and assistance programs. While the U.S. has developed
effective bycatch mitigation techniques and applied these in many
fisheries, there is no guarantee that these methods will be freely
adopted in foreign fisheries. Technical and financial assistance for
the development and implementation of marine mammal bycatch mitigation
measures would not be precluded by this rulemaking, but market access
incentives will increase the likelihood of action by harvesting nations
exporting to the U.S.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Potential benefits of this
rulemaking include: an incentive for exporting nations to adopt and
implement marine mammal conservation standards comparable to the U.S.
as a condition for access to the U.S. seafood market, establishing a
review process for determining the effectiveness of mitigation measures
adopted by foreign nations; decreasing the likelihood that marine
mammal stocks will be further depleted; and increasing the availability
of information on marine mammal distribution and abundance and the
threats posed by fisheries interactions. Anticipated costs include:
increased administrative costs of monitoring trade and making
determinations about foreign fisheries bycatch of marine mammals;
increased costs on seafood importers related to certifying import
eligibility, and increased requests for international cooperation and
assistance and attendant costs to implement mitigation measures.
 Risks: Prohibiting imports from seafood exporting nations that
cause bycatch of marine mammals in excess of U.S. standards will
diminish the risk of further declines in marine mammal stocks that are
affected by foreign fisheries.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/30/10 75 FR 22731
Reopening ANPR comment period....... 07/01/10 75 FR 38070
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
Final Action........................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Rodney Mcinnis, Director, Office of International
Affairs, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric

[[Page 76499]]

Administration, 1315 East-West Hwy, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 562
980-4005, Email: rod.mcinnis@noaa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AX36
 RIN: 0648-AY15

DOC--NOAA

34. Designation of Critical Habitat for the North Atlantic Right Whale

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.; 16 U.S.C. 1531 to 1543.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 226; 50 CFR 229.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: National Marine Fisheries Service proposes to revise
critical habitat for the North Atlantic right whale. This proposal
would result in modifying the critical habitat that was designated in
1994.
 Statement of Need: Under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act,
NOAA Fisheries is required to designate critical habitat for newly
listed species and revise as new information becomes available.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Endangered Species Act
 Alternatives: Critical habitat is defined as (i) the specific areas
within the geographical area occupied by the species, at the time it is
listed, on which are found those physical or biological features (I)
essential to the conservation of the species and (II) which may require
special management considerations or protection; and (ii) specific
areas outside the geographical area occupied by the species at the time
it is listed, upon a determination by the Secretary that such areas are
essential for the conservation of the species. In developing this rule,
NOAA Fisheries is analyzing best available information regarding where
these areas occur and performing economic impact analysis to inform
designation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because this rule is presently in
the beginning stages of development, no analysis has been completed at
this time to assess costs and benefits.
 Risks: Loss of critical habitat for a species listed as protected
under the ESA and Marine Mammals Protection Act, as well as potential
loss of right whales due to habitat loss.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

2Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Donna Wieting, Fishery Biologist, Office of
Protected Resources, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service, 1315
East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 301 713-2322.
 RIN: 0648-AY54

DOC--NOAA

35. Revision of Hawaiian Monk Seal Critical Habitat

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1533
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 226.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
Fisheries is developing a revised proposed rule to designate critical
habitat for the Hawaiian monk seal in the main and Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands. In response to a 2008 petition from the Center for
Biological Diversity, Kahea, and the Ocean Conservancy to revise
Hawaiian monk seal critical habitat, NOAA Fisheries published a
proposed rule in June 2011 to revise Hawaiian monk seal critical
habitat by adding critical habitat in the main Hawaiian Islands and
extending critical habitat in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.
Proposed critical habitat includes both marine and terrestrial habitats
(e.g., foraging areas to 500 meter depth, pupping beaches, etc.). To
address public comments on the proposed rule, NOAA Fisheries is
augmenting its prior economic analysis to better describe the
anticipated costs of the designation. NOAA Fisheries is analyzing new
tracking data to assess monk seal habitat use in the main Hawaiian
Islands.
 Statement of Need: Hawaiian monk seal critical habitat was last
designated in 1988. Since the 1988 designation, new information
regarding Hawaiian monk seal habitat use has become available. A
revision to this designation would allow NMFS to more accurately define
those features and areas that are important to support Hawaiian monk
seal conservation by modifying existing critical habitat in the
Northwestern Hawaiian Islands and proposing critical habitat in the
main Hawaiian Islands. NMFS published a proposed rule to designate
critical habitat in 2011. The agency has made changes to the 2011
proposed rule in response to public comment, and now plans to release a
second, revised proposed rule to provide an opportunity for the public
to comment on these changes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Endangered Species Act.
 Alternatives: In the 2011 proposed rule, NMFS considered the
alternative of not revising critical habitat for the Hawaiian monk
seal, the alternative of designating all potential critical habitat
areas, and the alternative of designating a subset of all potential
critical habitat areas, excluding those areas where the benefits of
exclusion outweigh the benefits of designation in accordance with
4(b)(2) of the Endangered Species Act. Under the preferred alternative
NMFS proposed for designation 10 specific areas in the Northwestern
Hawaiian Islands and 6 specific areas in the main Hawaiian Islands
which support terrestrial pupping and haul-out areas as well as marine
foraging areas. Within four of the main Hawaiian Islands specific
areas, NMFS proposed exclusions to reduce the impacts to national
security.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The economic analysis is currently
being revised to reflect changes in response to public comments
received. The primary benefit of designation is the protection afforded
under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act, requiring all Federal
agencies to insure their actions are not likely to destroy or adversely
modify designated critical habitat. In addition to these protections,
the designation may also result in other forms of benefits including,
but not limited to: Educational awareness and outreach benefits,
benefits to tourism and recreation, and improved or sustained habitat
quality. The designation of critical habitat typically does not impose
additional costs in occupied habitat, where Federal agencies are
already required to consult with NMFS as a consequence of the listed
species being present. However, in unoccupied habitat the rule may
impose administrative costs on Federal agencies as well as costs on
Federal agencies and third parties stemming from project modifications
to mitigate impacts to critical habitat.
 Risks: The Endangered Species Act requires designation of critical
habitat following the listing of a species. If critical habitat is not
designated, the species will not be protected to the extent provided
for in the Endangered Species Act, posing a risk to the species
continued existence and recovery.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/02/11 76 FR 32026

[[Page 76500]]


Notice of Public Meetings........... 07/14/11 76 FR 41446
Other............................... 06/25/12 77 FR 37867
Second NPRM......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Donna Wieting, Fishery Biologist, Office of
Protected Resources, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service, 1315
East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD 20910, Phone: 301 713-2322.
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AX23
 RIN: 0648-BA81

DOC--NOAA

36. Revision of the National Standard 1 Guidelines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.; Pub. L. 94-265.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 600.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This action would propose revisions to the National
Standard 1 (NS1) guidelines. National Standard 1 of the Magnuson-
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act states that
conservation and management measures shall prevent overfishing while
achieving, on a continuing basis, the optimum yield from each fishery
for the United States fishing industry. National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration Fisheries last revised the NS1 Guidelines in
2009 to reflect the requirements enacted by the Magnuson-Stevens
Fishery Conservation and Management Reauthorization Act of 2006 for
annual catch limits and accountability measures to end and prevent
overfishing. Since 2007, the National Marine Fisheries Service and the
Regional Fishery Management Councils have been implementing the new
annual catch limit and accountability measures requirements. Based on
experience gained from implementing annual catch limits and
accountability measures, NMFS has developed new perspectives and
identified issues regarding the application of the NS1 guidelines that
may warrant them to be revised to more fully meet the intended goal of
preventing overfishing while achieving, on a continuing basis, the
optimum yield from each fishery. The focus of this action is to improve
the NS1 guidelines.
 Statement of Need: Since 2007, fisheries management within the U.S.
has experienced many changes, in particular the implementation of
annual catch limits and accountability measures under all fishery
management plans. Based on this experience, the NMFS believes the
National Standard guidelines can be improved to enhance the utility of
the guidelines for managers and the public. The objective of the
proposed revisions is to improve and streamline the guidelines, address
concerns raised during the implementation of annual catch limits and
accountability measures, and provide flexibility within current
statutory limits to address fishery management issues.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and
Management Act.
 Alternatives: The rule attempts to improve fisheries management by
proposing alternatives that clarify guidance in the following topic
areas: (1) Identifying fishery management objectives; (2) identifying
whether stocks require conservation and management; (3) managing data
limited stocks; (4) stock complexes; (5) aggregate maximum sustainable
yield estimates; (6) depleted stocks; (7) multi-year overfishing
determinations; (8) optimum yield; (9) acceptable biological catch
control rules; (10) accountability measures; (11) establishing annual
catch limits and accountability measures mechanisms in Fishery
Management Plans; and (12) flexibility in rebuilding stocks.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes to the guidelines would
not establish any new requirements and thus are technical in nature. As
such, the changes would allow, but do not require the Fishery
Management Councils or the Secretary of Commerce, to make changes to
their Fishery Management Plans. Because changes to the guidelines would
not directly alter the behavior of any entities that operate in
federally managed fisheries, no direct economic effects are expected to
result from this action. The potential benefits of revising the
National Standard guidelines include: improving and streamlining the
guidance, providing additional clarity, and providing flexibility to
address fishery management issues.
 Risks: NMFS anticipates that a revision to the National Standard
guidelines would enhance the utility of the guidelines. NMFS does not
foresee any risks associated with revising the National Standard
guidelines.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/03/12 77 FR 26238
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 07/03/12 77 FR 39459
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Alan Risenhoover, Director, Office of Sustainable
Fisheries, Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, Room 13362, 1315 East-West Highway, Silver Spring, MD
20910, Phone: 301 713-2334, Fax: 301 713-0596, Email:
alan.risenhoover@noaa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0648-AV60
 RIN: 0648-BB92

DOC--NOAA

Final Rule Stage

37. Fishery Management Plan for Regulating Offshore Marine Aquaculture
in the Gulf of Mexico

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 50 CFR 622.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The purpose of this fishery management plan is to develop
a regional permitting process for regulating and promoting
environmentally sound and economically sustainable aquaculture in the
Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone. This fishery management plan
consists of ten actions, each with an associated range of management
alternatives, which would facilitate the permitting of an estimated 5
to 20 offshore aquaculture operations in the Gulf of Mexico over the
next 10 years, with an estimated annual production of up to 64 million
pounds. By establishing a regional permitting process for aquaculture,
the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council will be positioned to
achieve their primary goal of increasing maximum sustainable yield and
optimum yield of federal fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico by
supplementing harvest of wild caught species with cultured product.
This rulemaking would outline a regulatory permitting process for
aquaculture in the Gulf of Mexico, including: (1) Required permits; (2)
duration of permits; (3) species allowed;

[[Page 76501]]

(4) designation of sites for aquaculture; (5) reporting requirements;
and (6) regulations to aid in enforcement.
 Statement of Need: Demand for protein is increasing in the United
States and commercial wild-capture fisheries will not likely be
adequate to meet this growing demand. Aquaculture is one method to meet
current and future demands for seafood. Supplementing the harvest of
domestic fisheries with cultured product will help the U.S. meet
consumers' growing demand for seafood and may reduce the Nation's
dependence on seafood imports. Currently, the U.S. imports over 80
percent of the seafood consumed in the country, and the annual U.S
seafood trade deficit is at an all time high of over $9 billion.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and
Management Act, 16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.
 Alternatives: The Council's Aquaculture FMP includes 10 actions,
each with an associated range of alternatives. These actions and
alternatives are collectively intended to establish a regional
permitting process for offshore aquaculture. Management actions in the
FMP include: (1) Aquaculture permit requirements, eligibility, and
transferability; (2) duration aquaculture permits are effective; (3)
aquaculture application requirements, operational requirements, and
restrictions; (4) species allowed for aquaculture; (5) allowable
aquaculture systems; (6) marine aquaculture siting requirements and
conditions; (7) restricted access zones for aquaculture facilities; (8)
recordkeeping and reporting requirements; (9) biological reference
points and status determination criteria; and (10) framework procedures
for modifying biological reference points and regulatory measures.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Environmental and social/economic
costs and benefits are described in detail in the Council's Aquaculture
FMP. Potential benefits include: establishing a rigorous review process
for reviewing and approving/denying aquaculture permits; increasing
optimum yield by supplementing the harvest of wild domestic fisheries
with cultured products; and reducing the Nation's dependence on
imported seafood. Anticipated costs include increased administration
and oversight of an aquaculture permitting process, and potential
negative environmental impacts to wild marine resources. Approval of an
aquaculture permitting system may also benefit fishing communities by
creating new jobs.
 Risks: Currently, 90% of seafood consumed in the United States is
imported. Offshore aquaculture operations will aid in meeting the
increasing demand for seafood and improve U.S. food security.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Availability.............. 06/04/09 74 FR 26829
NPRM................................ 08/28/14 79 FR 26829
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Roy E. Crabtree, Southeast Regional Administrator,
Department of Commerce, National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, 263 13th Avenue South, St. Petersburg, FL 33701, Phone:
727 824-5305, Fax: 727 824-5308, Email: roy.crabtree@noaa.gov
 RIN: 0648-AS65
BILLING CODE 3510-12-P

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Background

The Department of Defense (DoD) is the largest Federal department,
consisting of three Military departments (Army, Navy, and Air Force),
nine Unified Combatant Commands, 17 Defense Agencies, and ten DoD Field
Activities. It has 1,357,218 military personnel and 853,102 civilians
assigned as of June 30, 2014, and over 200 large and medium
installations in the continental United States, U. S. territories, and
foreign countries. The overall size, composition, and dispersion of
DoD, coupled with an innovative regulatory program, presents a
challenge to the management of the Defense regulatory efforts under
Executive Order 12866 ``Regulatory Planning and Review'' of September
30, 1993.
 Because of its diversified nature, DoD is affected by the
regulations issued by regulatory agencies such as the Departments of
Commerce, Energy, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban
Development, Labor, State, Transportation, and the Environmental
Protection Agency. In order to develop the best possible regulations
that embody the principles and objectives embedded in E.O. 12866, there
must be coordination of proposed regulations among the regulatory
agencies and the affected DoD components. Coordinating the proposed
regulations in advance throughout an organization as large as DoD is a
straightforward, yet formidable, undertaking.
 DoD issues regulations that have an effect on the public and can be
significant as defined in E.O. 12866. In addition, some of DoD's
regulations may affect other agencies. DoD, as an integral part of its
program, not only receives coordinating actions from other agencies,
but coordinates with the agencies that are affected by its regulations
as well.

Overall Priorities

The Department needs to function at a reasonable cost, while
ensuring that it does not impose ineffective and unnecessarily
burdensome regulations on the public. The rulemaking process should be
responsive, efficient, cost-effective, and both fair and perceived as
fair. This is being done in DoD while reacting to the contradictory
pressures of providing more services with fewer resources. The
Department of Defense, as a matter of overall priority for its
regulatory program, fully incorporates the provisions of the
President's priorities and objectives under Executive Order (E.O.)
12866.

International Regulatory Cooperation

As the President noted in Executive Order 13609, ``international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting'' public
health, welfare, safety, and our environment as well as economic
growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job creation. Accordingly, in
Executive Order 13609, the President requires each executive agency to
include in its Regulatory Plan a summary of its international
regulatory cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to
lead to significant regulations.
 The Department of Defense, along with the Department of State and
the Department of Commerce, engages with other countries in the
Wassenaar Arrangement, through which the international community
develops a common list of items that should be subject to export
controls.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review (January 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan.

[[Page 76502]]

All are of particular interest to small businesses. Some of these
entries on this list may be completed actions, which do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plan
and all updates to the plan can be found at:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=DOD-2011-OS-0036.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Rule title (* expected to significantly
 RIN reduce burdens on small businesses)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
0701-AA76................. Air Force Freedom of Information Act
 Program.
0701-AA77................. Air Force Privacy Act Program.
0703-AA87................. United States Navy Regulations and Official
 Records.
0703-AA90................. Guidelines for Archaeological Investigation
 Permits and Other Research on Sunken
 Military Craft and Terrestrial Military
 Craft Under the Jurisdiction of the
 Department of the Navy.
0703-AA91................. Unofficial Use of the Seal, Emblem, Names,
 or Initials of the Marine Corps.
0703-AA92................. Professional Conduct of Attorneys Practicing
 Under the Cognizance and Supervision of the
 Judge Advocate General.
0710-AA66................. Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjustment
 Rule.
0710-AA60................. Nationwide Permit Program Regulations.*
0750-AG47................. Safeguarding Unclassified Controlled
 Technical Information (DFARS Case 2011-
 D039).
0750-AG62................. Patents, Data, and Copyrights (DFARS Case
 2010-D001).
0750-AH11................. Only One Offer (DFARS Case 2011-D013).
0750-AH19................. Accelerated Payments to Small Business
 (DFARS Case 2011-D008).
0750-AH54................. Performance-Based Payments (DFARS Case 2011-
 D045).
0750-AH70................. Defense Trade Cooperation Treaty With
 Australia and the United Kingdom (DFARS
 Case 2012-D034).
0750-AH86................. Forward Pricing Rate Proposal Adequacy
 Checklist (DFARS Case 2012-D035).
0750-AH87................. System for Award Management Name Changes,
 Phase 1 Implementation (DFARS Case 2012-
 D053).
0750-AH90................. Clauses With Alternates.
0750-AH94.................
0750-AH95.................
0750-AI02.................
0750-AI10.................
0750-AI19.................
0750-AI27.................
0750-AI03................. Approval of Rental Waiver Requests (DFARS
 Case 2013-D006).
0750-AI07................. Storage, Treatment, and Disposal of Toxic or
 Hazardous Materials_Statutory Update (DFARS
 Case 2013-D013).
0750-AI18................. Photovoltaic Devices (DFARS Case 2014-D006).
0750-AI34................. State Sponsors of Terrorism (DFARS Case 2014-
 D014).
0790-AI24................. DoD Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
 Program Regulation.
0790-AI30................. Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA)
 Privacy Program.
0790-AI42................. Personnel Security Program.
0790-AI51................. DoD Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
 Program; Amendment.
0790-AI54................. Defense Support of Civilian Law Enforcement
 Agencies.
0790-AI63................. Alternative Dispute Resolution.
0790-AI71................. National Industrial Security Program (NISP):
 Procedures for Government Activities
 Relating to Foreign Ownership, Control or
 Influence (FOCI).
0790-AI73................. Withholding of Unclassified Technical Data
 From Public Disclosure.
0790-AI75................. Presentation of DoD-Related Scientific and
 Technical Papers at Meetings.
0790-AI77................. Provision of Early Intervention and Special
 Education Services to Eligible DoD
 Dependents.
0790-AI84................. National Defense Science and Engineering
 Graduate (NDSEG) Fellowships.
0790-AI86................. Defense Logistics Agency Privacy Program.
0790-AI87................. Defense Logistics Agency Freedom of
 Information Act Program.
0790-AI88................. Shelter for the Homeless.
0790-AI90................. DoD Assistance to Non-Government,
 Entertainment-Oriented Media Productions.
0790-AI92................. Inspector General; Privacy Act;
 Implementation.
0790-AJ00................. Civilian Employment and Reemployment Rights
 of Applicants for, and Service Members and
 Former Service Members, of the Uniformed
 Services.
0790-AJ03................. DoD Privacy Program.
0790-AJ04................. Unlawful Discrimination (On the Basis of
 Race, Color, National Origin, or Age in
 Programs or Activities Receiving Federal
 Financial Assistance From the DoD).
0790-AJ05................. End Use Certificates (EUCs).
0790-AJ06................. Voluntary Education Programs.
0790-AJ07................. Historical Research in the Files of the
 Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD).
0790-AJ10................. Enhancement of Protections on Consumer
 Credit for Members of the Armed Forces and
 Their Dependents.
0790-AJ20................. DoD Privacy Program
 Pursuant to Executive Order 13563, DoD also
 removed 32 CFR part 513, ``Indebtedness of
 Military Personnel,'' because the part is
 obsolete and the governing policy is now
 codified at 32 CFR part 112.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Administration Priorities
1. Rulemakings That Are Expected To Have High Net Benefits Well in
Excess of Costs
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 806 of the
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2011, as
amended by section 806 of the NDAA for FY 2013. Section 806 requires
the evaluation of offerors' supply chain risks for information
technology purchases relating to national security systems. This rule
enables agencies to exclude sources that are identified as having a
supply chain risk in order to minimize

[[Page 76503]]

the potential risk for purchased supplies and services to maliciously
introduce unwanted functions and degrade the integrity and operation of
sensitive information technology systems.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to provide guidance to contractors
for the submittal of forward pricing rate proposals to ensure the
adequacy of forward pricing rate proposals submitted to the Government.
The rule provides guidance to contractors to ensure that forward
pricing rate proposals are thorough, accurate, and complete.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 1602 of the
NDAA for FY 2014. Section 1602 prohibits award of a contract for
commercial satellite services from certain foreign entities if the
Secretary of Defense reasonably believes that the foreign entity is one
in which the government of a foreign country has an ownership interest
that enables the government to affect satellite operations. There is a
potential risk to national security if DoD uses commercial satellite
services for DoD communications and the government of a covered foreign
country has an ownership interest that enables the government to affect
satellite operations. Likewise, if launch or other satellite services
under the contract are occurring in a covered country, the government
of that country could impact the ability of the foreign entity to
adequately provide those services.
2. Rulemakings of Particular Interest to Small Businesses
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to delete text in DFARS part 219
that implemented 10 U.S.C. 2323 because 10 U.S.C. 2323 has expired.
Removal of the obsolete implementing coverage for 10 U.S.C. 2323 will
bring DFARS up to date and provide accurate and indisputable
regulations affecting the small business and vendor communities. 10
U.S.C. 2323 had provided the underlying statutory authority for DoD's
Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) Program and served as the basis for
DoD's use of certain solicitation techniques to further its SDB
participation rate. Notwithstanding removal of this statutory authority
from the DFARS, DoD's fundamental procurement policies continue to
provide strong support for SDB participation as evidenced by DoD
meeting or exceeding the annual Governmentwide statutory SDB prime
contracting goals since 2001.
 Through ``Policy for Domestic, Municipal, and Industrial
Water Supply Uses of Reservoir Projects Operated by the Department of
the Army, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,'' (RIN 0710-AA72), update and
clarify the policies governing the use of storage in U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers reservoir projects for domestic, municipal, and industrial
water supply.
 3. Rulemakings That Streamline Regulations, Reduce Unjustified
Burdens, and Minimize Burdens on Small Businesses
 The Department plans to--
 Finalize the DFARS rule to implement section 802 of the
NDAA for FY 2012 to allow a covered litigation support contractor
access to technical, proprietary, or confidential data for the sole
purpose of providing litigation support. DFARS Case 2012-D029,
Disclosure to Litigation Support to Contractors, pertains.
 Finalize the DFARS rule to require scientific and
technical reports be submitted in electronic format. This rule, DFARS
Case 2014-D0001, will streamline the submission process by no longer
requiring the electronically initiated report to be printed for
submission.
4. Rules To Be Modified, Streamlined, Expanded, or Repealed To Make the
Agency's Regulatory Program More Effective or Less Burdensome in
Achieving the Regulatory Objectives
 DFARS Cases 2013-D005, Clauses with Alternates--Foreign
Acquisition, 2013-D025, Clauses with Alternates--Taxes, and 2014-D004,
Clauses with Alternates--Special Contracting Methods, Major System
Acquisition, and Service Contract--Propose a new convention for
prescribing clauses with alternates to provide alternate clauses in
full text. This will facilitate selection of alternate clauses using
automated contract writing systems. The inclusion of the full text of
the alternate clauses in the regulation for use in solicitations and
contracts should make the terms of the alternate clauses clearer to
offerors and contractors by clarifying paragraph substitutions. As a
result, inapplicable paragraphs from the basic clause that are
superseded by the alternate will not be included in solicitations or
contracts, reducing the potential for confusion.
 Finalize the rule for DFARS, DFARS Case 2014-D014, State
Sponsors of Terrorism, to clarify and relocate coverage relating to
state sponsors of terrorism, add an explicit representation, and
conform the terminology to replace the term ``terrorist country'' with
the more accurate term ``country that is a state sponsor of
terrorism.'' DFARS subpart 209.1 text is being relocated to subpart
225.7. Subpart 225.7 is a better location because the prohibition is
based on ownership or control of an offeror by the government of
specified countries, rather than the responsibility of the individual
offeror. Correspondingly, the provision at 252.209-7001 is being
removed and replaced by a newly proposed provision 252.225-70XX.
5. Rulemakings That Have a Significant International Impact
 Finalize the rule to revise the DFARS to improve
awareness, compliance, and enforcement of DoD policies on combating
trafficking in persons. The rule will further improve stability,
productivity, and certainty in the contingency operations that DoD
supports and ensure that DoD contractors do not benefit from the use of
coerced labor.
Specific DoD Priorities
 For this regulatory plan, there are six specific DoD priorities,
all of which reflect the established regulatory principles. DoD has
focused its regulatory resources on the most serious environmental,
health, and safety risks. Perhaps most significant is that each of the
priorities described below promulgates regulations to offset the
resource impacts of Federal decisions on the public or to improve the
quality of public life, such as those regulations concerning
acquisition, health affairs, education, and cyber security.
1. Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy
 The Department of Defense continuously reviews the DFARS and
continues to lead Government efforts to--
 Revise the DFARS to improve presentation and clarity of
the regulations by (1) initiating a new convention to construct clauses
with alternates in a manner whereby the alternate clauses are included
in full text making the terms of the alternates clearer by clarifying
paragraph substitutions and (2) streamline the DFARS by screening the
text to identify any DoD procedural guidance that does not have a
significant effect beyond the internal operating procedures of DoD or
have a significant cost or administrative impact on contractors or
offerors, which should be more correctly relocated from the DFARS to
the DFARS Procedures, Guidance, and Information (PGI).
 Employ methods to facilitate and improve efficiency of the
contracting process such as (1) employing a checklist to assist
contractors in providing initial submission of FPRA proposals that are
thorough, accurate, and complete and (2) requiring

[[Page 76504]]

scientific and technical reports to be submitted electronically.
2. Health Affairs, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense is able to meet its dual mission of
wartime readiness and peacetime health care by operating an extensive
network of medical treatment facilities. This network includes DoD's
own military treatment facilities supplemented by civilian health care
providers, facilities, and services under contract to DoD through the
TRICARE program. TRICARE is a major health care program designed to
improve the management and integration of DoD's health care delivery
system. The program's goal is to increase access to health care
services, improve health care quality, and control health care costs.
 The Defense Health Agency plans to publish the following rule:
 Final Rule: CHAMPUS/TRICARE: Pilot Program for Refills of
Maintenance Medications for TRICARE Life Beneficiaries through the
TRICARE Mail Order Program. This final rule implements section 716 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L.
112-239), which establishes a 5-year pilot program that would generally
require TRICARE for Life beneficiaries to obtain all refill
prescriptions for covered maintenance medications from the TRICARE mail
order program or military treatment facility pharmacies. Covered
maintenance medications are those that involve recurring prescriptions
for chronic conditions, but do not include medications to treat acute
conditions. Beneficiaries may opt out of the pilot program after one
year of participation. This rule includes procedures to assist
beneficiaries in transferring covered prescriptions to the mail order
pharmacy program. The interim final rule was published December 11,
2013 (78 FR 75245) with an effective date of February 14, 2014. DoD
anticipates publishing a final rule in the first quarter of FY 2015.
3. Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense plans to publish a rule regarding Service
Academies:
 Final Rule: Service Academies. This rule establishes
policy, assigns responsibilities, and prescribes procedures for
Department of Defense oversight of the Service Academies.
Administrative costs are negligible, and benefits are clear, concise
rules that enable the Secretary of Defense to ensure that the Service
Academies are efficiently operated and meet the needs of the armed
forces. The proposed rule was published October 18, 2007 (72 FR 59053),
and included policy that has since changed. The final rule,
particularly the explanation of separation policy, will reflect recent
changes in the ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell'' policy. It will also
incorporate changes resulting from interagency coordination. DoD
anticipates publishing the final rule in the first or second quarter of
FY 2015.
4. Military Community and Family Policy, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense has proposed a revision to the regulation
implementing the Military Lending Act, which prescribes limitations on
the terms of consumer credit extended to Service members and
dependents:
 Proposed Rule: Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit
Extended to Service Members and Dependents. In this proposed rule, the
Department of Defense (Department) proposes to amend its regulation
that implements the Military Lending Act, herein referred to as the
``MLA''. Among other protections for Service members, the MLA limits
the amount of interest that a creditor may charge on ``consumer
credit'' to a maximum annual percentage rate of 36 percent. The
Department proposed to amend its existing regulation primarily for the
purpose of extending the protections of the MLA to a broader range of
closed-end and open-end credit products, rather than the limited credit
products currently defined as consumer credit. In addition, the
Department proposed to amend its existing regulation to amend the
provisions governing a tool a creditor may use in assessing whether a
consumer is a ``covered borrower,'' modify the disclosures that a
creditor must provide to a covered borrower implement the enforcement
provisions of the MLA, as amended, among other purposes. The revisions
to this rule are part of DoD's retrospective plan under Executive Order
13563 completed in August 2011.
5. Chief Information Officer, Department of Defense
 The Department of Defense plans to amend the voluntary cyber
security information sharing program between DoD and eligible cleared
defense contractors:
 Proposed Rule: Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Voluntary
Cyber Security/Information Assurance (CS/IA) Activities. The Department
proposes to amend the DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities regulation (32
CFR part 236) in response to section 941 National Defense Authorization
Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013, which requires the Secretary of
Defense to establish procedures that require each cleared defense
contractor (CDC) to report to DoD when a network or information system
has a cyber-intrusion. The revised rule also expands eligibility to
participate in the DIB CS/IA voluntary cyber threat information sharing
program to all CDCs. DoD anticipates publishing a proposed rule in the
first or second quarter of FY 2015.

DOD--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY (OS)

Proposed Rule Stage

38. Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit Extended to Service Members
and Dependents

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 10 U.S.C. 987
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 232.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Defense (``Department'') proposes to
amend its regulation that implements the Military Lending Act, herein
referred to as the ``MLA.'' Among other protections for servicemembers,
the MLA limits the amount of interest that a creditor may charge on
``consumer credit'' to a maximum annual percentage rate of 36 percent.
The Department is proposing to amend its existing regulation primarily
for the purpose of extending the protections of the MLA to a broader
range of closed-end and open-end credit products, rather than the
limited credit products currently defined as consumer credit. In
addition, the Department is proposing to amend its existing regulation
to amend the provisions governing a tool a creditor may use in
assessing whether a consumer is a ``covered borrower,'' modify the
disclosures that a creditor must provide to a covered borrower,
implement the enforcement provisions of the MLA, as amended, and for
other purposes. The revisions to this rule are part of DoD's
retrospective plan under Executive Order 13563 completed in August
2011. DoD's full plan can be accessed at:
http://exchange.regulations.gov/exchange/topic/eo-13563.
 Statement of Need: This regulation identifies the negative impact
of high-cost consumer credit lending on servicemembers and their
dependents quality of life and on general troop readiness.
Servicemembers are younger than the population as a whole with 43
percent 25 years old or less. Thirty-five percent of enlisted
servicemembers in

[[Page 76505]]

the grades E1-E4 are married and 20 percent of them have children. This
is compared with approximately 12 percent of their contemporaries in
the U.S. population 18 through 24 who are married (2012 U.S. Census
Bureau). The majority of recruits come to the military from high school
with little financial literacy education.
 The initial indoctrination provided to servicemembers is critical
providing basic requirements for their professional and personal
responsibilities and their successful adjustment to military life. Part
of this training is in personal finance which is an integral part of
their personal and often professional success. The Department of
Defense (the Department) continues to provide them messages to save,
invest, and manage their money wisely throughout their career.
 A major concern of the Department has been the debt accumulation of
some servicemembers and the continued financial turmoil caused by their
use of credit particularly high-cost credit. The regulation has
provided limitation on the use of credit posing the most significant
concerns (short-term high-cost credit secured by pay, vehicle title, or
tax return). Other forms of high-cost credit outside of the definitions
in the regulation have been developed since the regulation was
initially released in 2007 and the proposed changes to the regulation
have been developed in part to extend protections to servicemembers and
their families to cover these new developments.
 The Department views the support provided to military families as
essential to sustaining force readiness and military capability. From
this perspective it is not sufficient for the Department to train
servicemembers on how best to use their financial resources. Financial
protections are an important part of fulfilling the Departments compact
with servicemembers and their families and most importantly of
sustaining force readiness and military capability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Public Law 109-364 the John Warner National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 670 Limitations on Terms
of Consumer Credit Extended to Servicemembers and Dependents (October
17 2006). Section 670 of Public Law 109-364 which was codified as 10
U.S.C. 987 requires the Secretary of Defense to prescribe regulations
to carry out the new section.
 Alternatives: No other regulatory alternatives are available.
Education represents a non-regulatory alternative that is an important
aspect of the overall protection provided servicemembers and their
families. However education has not been proven to change behavior and
has not been sufficient to prepare many of servicemembers to avoid
financial products and services that can cause them financial harm.
This regulation works in tandem with on-going efforts to educate
Service members and prepare them to manage their finances.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Increased costs to the creditors as
a result of the Regulation have been articulated in the Paperwork
Reduction Act Submission as part of the EO 12866 review. The Department
anticipates that its regulation, if adopted as proposed, might impose
costs of approximately $96 million during the first year, as creditors
adapt their systems to comply with the requirements of the MLA and the
Department's regulation. However, after the first year and on an
ongoing basis, the annual effect on the economy is expected to be
between approximately $7 million net (quantitative) costs and $117
million net (quantitative) benefits. The potentially anticipated net
benefits of the proposed regulation are attributable to the cost
savings to the Department that would result from the reduction in
involuntary separations of Service members due to financial distress;
at some points in the range of estimates the Department has used to
assess the proposal, these savings are estimated to exceed the
compliance costs that would be borne by creditors.
 Risks: The Regulation currently covers payday loans, vehicle-title
loans, and tax refund anticipation loans (RALs). Some other credit
products with favorable terms as well as terms that can increase the
interest rate well beyond the limits prescribed by 10 U.S.C. 987 were
not initially covered by the regulation. However access to payday and
vehicle title loans has changed to include variations that are no
longer covered by the regulation and there are other high-cost credit
products that have become more of an issue for servicemembers and their
families who have over extended their credit.
 The regulation continues to complement other actions taken by the
Department to include initial and follow-on financial education
financial awareness campaigns savings campaigns free financial
counseling at military installations and available 24 hours 7 days per
week through Military OneSource. To complement these efforts Military
Aid Societies provide grants and no-interest loans and a growing number
of financial institutions located on military installations are
providing low-cost small-dollar loans.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 06/17/13 78 FR 36134
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 08/01/13 .......................
NPRM................................ 09/29/14 79 FR 58601
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/28/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Marcus Beauregard, Department of Defense, Office of
the Secretary, 4000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-4000, Phone:
571 372-5357.
 RIN: 0790-AJ10

DOD--OS

39. Defense Industrial Base (DIB) Cyber Security/Information Assurance
(CS/IA) Activities: Amendment

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: EO 12829
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 236.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule amends the DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities
regulation in response to section 941 National Defense Authorization
Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2013 which requires the Secretary of
Defense to establish procedures that require each cleared defense
contractor (CDC) to report when a network or information system that
meets the criteria reports cyber intrusions.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense (DoD) will amend the
DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary Activities (32 CFR part 236) regulation to
incorporate changes as required by section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 to
include mandated cyber intrusion incident reporting by all cleared
defense contractors (CDCs).
 Summary of Legal Basis: This regulation is proposed under the
authorities of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013.
 Alternatives: DoD analyzed the requirements in section 941 NDAA for
FY 2013 and determined that implementation must be accomplished through
the rulemaking process. This will allow the public to comment on the
implementation strategy.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Implementing the amended rule to
meet the requirements of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 affects
approximately 8,700 CDCs. Each company will require DoD approved,
medium assured certificates

[[Page 76506]]

to submit the mandatory cyber incident reporting to the DoD-access
controlled Web site. The cost per certificate is $175. In addition, it
is estimated that the average burden per reported incident is 7 hours,
which includes identifying the cyber incident details, gathering and
maintaining the data needed, reviewing the collection of information to
be reported, and completing the report. Note, these costs are the same
as those associated with 32 CFR part 236 (DoD-DIB CS/IA Voluntary
Activities), but are now applicable across a larger population of
defense contractors. The benefit of this amended rule is satisfying the
legal mandate from section 941 NDAA for FY 2013 as well as informing
the Department of incidents that impact DoD programs and information.
DoD needs to have the ability to assess the strategic and operational
impacts of cyber incidents and determine appropriate mitigation
activities.
 Risks: There will likely be significant public interest in DoD's
implementation of section 941 NDAA for FY 2013. DoD will need to assure
the public that DoD will provide for the reasonable protection of trade
secrets, commercial or financial information, and information that can
be used to identify a specific person that may be evident through the
cyber incident reporting and media analysis.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Vicki Michetti, Department of Defense, Office of
the Secretary, 6000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-6000, Phone:
703 604-3177, Email: vicki.d.michetti.civ@mail.mil
 RIN: 0790-AJ14

DOD--OS

Final Rule Stage

40. Service Academies

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 10 U.S.C. 403; 10 U.S.C. 603; 10 U.S.C. 903
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 217
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department is revising and updating policy guidance
and oversight of the military service academies. This rule implements
10 U.S.C. 403, 603, and 903 for the establishment and operation of the
United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and
the United States Air Force Academy. The proposed rule was published
October 18, 2007 (72 FR 59053), and included policy that has since
changed. The final rule, particularly the explanation of separation
policy, will reflect recent changes in the Don't Ask, Don't Tell
policy.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense revises and updates
the current rule providing the policy guidance and oversight of the
military service academies. This rule implements 10 U.S.C. 403, 603,
and 903 for the establishment and operation of the United States
Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United
States Air Force Academy.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 10 U.S.C. chapters 403, 603, 903.
 Alternatives: None. The Federal statute directs the Department of
Defense to develop policy, assign responsibilities, and prescribe
procedures for operations and oversight of the service academies.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Administrative costs are negligible
and benefits would be clear, concise rules that enable the Secretary of
Defense to ensure that the service academies are efficiently operated
and meet the needs of the Armed Forces.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/18/07 72 FR 59053
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/17/07 .......................
Final Action........................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: DoD Instruction 1322.22.
 Agency Contact: Paul Nosek, Department of Defense, Office of the
Secretary, 4000 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC 20301-4000, Phone: 703
695-5529.
 RIN: 0790-AI19

DOD--Defense Acquisition Regulations Council (DARC)

Final Rule Stage

41. Foreign Commercial Satellite Services (DFARS Case 2014-D010)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 41 U.S.C. 1303; Pub. L. 113-66, sec 1602
 CFR Citation: 48 CFR 204; 48 CFR 212; 48 CFR 225; 48 CFR 252.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, December 26, 2013, 10 U.S.C.
2279, as added by sec 1602 of the NDAA for FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66),
which was effective on enactment 12/26/13.
 Abstract: DoD issued an interim rule amending the Defense Federal
Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) to implement section 1602 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, which
prohibits award of a contract for commercial satellite services to a
foreign entity if the Secretary of Defense believes that the foreign
entity (1) is an entity in which the government of a covered foreign
country has an ownership interest that enables the government to affect
satellite operations; or (2) plans to, or is expected to, provide or
use launch or other satellite services under the contract from a
covered foreign country. This rule is not expected to have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
 Statement of Need: This action is necessary because 10 U.S.C. 2279
as added by section 1602 of the National Defense Authorization Act for
FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66) became effective upon enactment on December 26
2013. 10 U.S.C. 2279 restricts the acquisition of commercial satellite
services from certain foreign entities. The statute prohibits the award
of contracts for commercial satellite services to a foreign entity that
(1) is an entity in which the government of a covered foreign country
(i.e., the Peoples Republic of China, North Korea, Cuba, Iran, Sudan,
or Syria) has an ownership interest that enables the government to
affect satellite operations; or (2) plans to or is expected to provide
or use launch or other satellite services under the contract from a
covered foreign country.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule is proposed under the authority
of title 10 U.S.C. 2279 as added by section 1602 of the National
Defense Authorization Act for FY 2014 (Pub. L. 113-66).
 Alternatives: DoD was not able to identify any alternatives that
meet the statutory requirements of 10 U.S.C. 2279 and the objectives of
this rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits associated with this rule
outweigh the cost of compliance. The rule reduces the potential risk to
national security by prohibiting the acquisition of commercial
satellite services from certain foreign entities as in those case where
the foreign entity is either (1) an entity in which the government of a
covered foreign country has an ownership interest that enables the
government to affect satellite

[[Page 76507]]

operations; or (2) plans to or is expected to provide or use launch or
other satellite services under the contract from a covered foreign
country. The rule requires an annual representation as to whether the
offeror is or is not a foreign entity subject to the prohibitions of
the statute or is or is not offering commercial satellite services
provided by such a foreign entity. DoD estimates that the total
estimated annual public burden for the collection of this information
is negligible (approximately $4275.00) based on Federal Procurement
Data System data for FY 2013. There were 380 unique contractors that
received contract or orders for PSC D304 (ADP Telecommunications and
Transmission Services) of which commercial satellite services are a
subset so 380 is an estimate at the highest end of the possible range
of respondents. We estimate that these respondent will spend an average
of 0.25 hours to complete and submit one response per year.
Additionally DoD estimates that the rule will not have a significant
impact on small entities unless they are offering commercial satellite
services provided by a foreign entity that is subject to the
restrictions of this rule. According to the FPDS data for fiscal year
2013, 111 small entities were awarded contracts or orders for services
in PSC D304 (ADP Telecommunications and Transmission Services) of which
commercial satellite services are a subset.
 Risks: Until this statute is implemented in the DFARS there is risk
that contracting officers may acquire commercial satellite services in
violation of the law increasing the risk to the U.S. military
operations and lost opportunities for the U.S. industrial base.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 08/05/14 79 FR 45662
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 08/05/14 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 10/06/14 .......................
 End.
Final Action........................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Manuel Quinones, Department of Defense, Defense
Acquisition Regulations Council, 4800 Mark Center Drive, Suite 15D07-2,
Alexandria, VA 22350, Phone: 571 372-6088, Email:
manuel.quinones.civ@mail.mil
 RIN: 0750-AI32

DOD--Office of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs (DODOASHA)

Final Rule Stage

42. Champus/TRICARE: Pilot Program for Refills of Maintenance

Medications for TRICARE for Life Beneficiaries Through the TRICARE Mail
Order Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; 10 U.S.C. ch 55
 CFR Citation: 32 CFR 199.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This interim final rule implements section 716 of the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L. 112-
239), which establishes a 5-year pilot program that would generally
require TRICARE for Life beneficiaries to obtain all refill
prescriptions for covered maintenance medications from the TRICARE mail
order program or military treatment facility pharmacies. Covered
maintenance medications are those that involve recurring prescriptions
for chronic conditions, but do not include medications to treat acute
conditions. Beneficiaries may opt out of the pilot program after 1 year
of participation. This rule includes procedures to assist beneficiaries
in transferring covered prescriptions to the mail-order pharmacy
program. This regulation is being issued as an interim final rule in
order to comply with the express statutory intent that the program
begin in calendar year 2013.
 Statement of Need: The Department of Defense (DoD) proposed rule
establishes processes for the new program of refills of maintenance
medications for TRICARE for Life beneficiaries through military
treatment facility pharmacies and the mail order pharmacy program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This regulation is proposed under 5 U.S.C.
301; 10 U.S.C. chapter 55; 32 CFR 199.21.
 Alternatives: The rule fulfills a statutory requirement, therefore
there are no alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The effect of the statutory
requirement, implemented by this rule, is to shift a volume of
prescriptions from retail pharmacies to the most cost-effective point-
of-service venues of military treatment facility pharmacies and the
mail order pharmacy program. This will produce savings to the
Department of approximately $104 million per year, and savings to
beneficiaries of approximately $34 million per year in reduced
copayments.
 Risks: Loss of savings to both the Department and beneficiaries. No
risk to the public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/11/13 78 FR 75245
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 02/10/14
 End.
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 02/14/14
Final Action........................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: George Jones, Department of Defense, Office of
Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs, Defense Pentagon, Washington,
DC 20301, Phone: 703 681-2890.
 RIN: 0720-AB60
BILLING CODE 5001-06-P

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

I. Introduction

The U.S. Department of Education (Department) supports States,
local communities, institutions of higher education, and others in
improving education nationwide and in helping to ensure that all
Americans receive a high-quality education. We provide leadership and
financial assistance pertaining to education at all levels to a wide
range of stakeholders and individuals, including State educational and
other agencies, local school districts, providers of early learning
programs, elementary and secondary schools, institutions of higher
education, career and technical schools, nonprofit organizations,
postsecondary students, members of the public, families, and many
others. These efforts are helping to ensure that all children and
students from pre-kindergarten through grade 12 will be ready for, and
succeed in, postsecondary education and that students attending
postsecondary institutions are prepared for a profession or career.
 We also vigorously monitor and enforce the implementation of
Federal civil rights laws in educational

[[Page 76508]]

programs and activities that receive Federal financial assistance, and
support innovative programs, research and evaluation activities,
technical assistance, and the dissemination of research and evaluation
findings to improve the quality of education.
 Overall, the laws, regulations, and programs that the Department
administers will affect nearly every American during his or her life.
Indeed, in the 2014-2015 school year, about 55 million students will
attend an estimated 130,000 elementary and secondary schools in
approximately 13,600 districts, and about 21 million students will
enroll in degree-granting postsecondary schools. All of these students
may benefit from some degree of financial assistance or support from
the Department.
 In developing and implementing regulations, guidance, technical
assistance, and monitoring related to our programs, we are committed to
working closely with affected persons and groups. Specifically, we work
with a broad range of interested parties and the general public,
including families, students, and educators; State, local, and tribal
governments; and neighborhood groups, community-based early learning
programs, elementary and secondary schools, colleges, rehabilitation
service providers, adult education providers, professional
associations, advocacy organizations, businesses, and labor
organizations.
 If we determine that it is necessary to develop regulations, we
seek public participation at the key stages in the rulemaking process.
We invite the public to submit comments on all proposed regulations
through the Internet or by regular mail. We also continue to seek
greater public participation in our rulemaking activities through the
use of transparent and interactive rulemaking procedures and new
technologies.
 To facilitate the public's involvement, we participate in the
Federal Docketing Management System (FDMS), an electronic single
Government-wide access point (www.regulations.gov) that enables the
public to submit comments on different types of Federal regulatory
documents and read and respond to comments submitted by other members
of the public during the public comment period. This system provides
the public with the opportunity to submit comments electronically on
any notice of proposed rulemaking or interim final regulations open for
comment, as well as read and print any supporting regulatory documents.
 We are continuing to streamline information collections, reduce the
burden on information providers involved in our programs, and make
information easily accessible to the public.

II. Regulatory Priorities

A. The Higher Education Act of 1965, as Amended

Gainful Employment. On March 25, 2014, the Secretary issued a
notice of proposed rulemaking for the Federal Student Aid programs
authorized under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as
amended (HEA). Specifically, the proposed regulations would amend the
regulations on institutional eligibility under the HEA and the Student
Assistance General Provisions to establish measures for determining
whether certain postsecondary educational programs prepare students for
gainful employment in a recognized occupation, the conditions under
which these educational programs remain eligible for the title IV
Federal Student Aid programs, and requirements for reporting and
disclosure of relevant information. The public comment period for the
proposed regulations closed on May 27, 2014, and the Department
published final regulations on October 31, 2014.
 Pay As You Earn. On June 9, 2014, the President issued a memorandum
directing the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015, that
will allow additional students who borrowed Federal Direct Loans to cap
their Federal student loan payments at 10 percent of their income. The
memorandum further directed the Secretary to issue final regulations
after considering all public comments with the goal of making the
repayment option available to borrowers by December 31, 2015. On
September 3, 2014, we published a notice announcing our intention to
establish a negotiated rulemaking committee to prepare proposed
regulations governing the Federal William D. Ford Direct Loan Program.
We also invited public comments regarding additional issues that should
be considered for action by the negotiating committee.
 Teacher Preparation. On April 25, 2014, the President directed the
Department to propose a plan to strengthen America's teacher
preparation programs for public comment and to publish a final rule
within the next year. The Administration seeks to encourage and support
States in developing systems that recognize excellence and provide all
programs with information to help them improve, while holding them
accountable for how well they prepare teachers to succeed in today's
classrooms and throughout their careers. Specifically, the Department
is preparing to issue proposed regulations under title II of the HEA
that require States to provide more meaningful data in their State
report cards on the performance of each teacher preparation program
located in the State and to amend the regulations governing the Teacher
Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant
Program to update, clarify, and improve the current regulations and
align them with data reported by States under title II.

B. Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as Amended

In 2010, the Administration released the ``Blueprint for Reform:
The Reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act'',
the President's plan for revising the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) and replacing the No Child Left Behind Act
of 2001 (NCLB). The blueprint can be found at the following Web site:
http://www2.ed.gov/policy/elsec/leg/blueprint/index.html.
 Additionally, as we continue to work with Congress on reauthorizing
the ESEA, we continue to provide flexibility on certain provisions of
current law for States that are willing to embrace reform. The
mechanisms we are using will ensure continued accountability and
commitment to high-quality education for all students while providing
States with increased flexibility to implement State and local reforms
to improve student achievement.

C. Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006

In 2012, we released ``Investing in America's Future: A Blueprint
for Transforming Career and Technical Education'', our plan for
reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of
2006 (2006 Perkins Act). The Blueprint can be found at the following
Web site:
http://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ovae/pi/cte/transforming-career-technical-
education.pdf.
 The 2006 Perkins Act made important changes in Federal support for
career and technical education (CTE), such as the introduction of a
requirement that all States offer ``programs of study.'' These changes
helped to improve the learning experiences of CTE students but did not
go far enough to systemically create better outcomes for students and
employers who are competing in a 21st-century global

[[Page 76509]]

economy. The Administration's Blueprint would usher in a new era of
rigorous, relevant, and results-driven CTE shaped by four core
principles: (1) Alignment; (2) Collaboration; (3) Accountability; and
(4) Innovation. The Administration's Blueprint proposal reflects a
commitment to promoting equity and quality across these alignment,
collaboration, accountability, and innovation efforts in order to
ensure that more students have access to high-quality CTE programs.

D. Individuals With Disabilities Education Act

On September 18, 2013, the Secretary issued a notice of proposed
rulemaking to amend regulations under Part B of the Individuals with
Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) regarding local maintenance of effort
(MOE) to ensure that all parties involved in implementing, monitoring,
and auditing local educational agency (LEA) compliance with MOE
requirements understand the rules. The Secretary intends to issue final
regulations to amend the existing regulations that will clarify
existing policy and make other related changes regarding: (1) The
compliance standard; (2) the eligibility standard; (3) the level of
fiscal effort required of an LEA in the year after it fails to maintain
that effort; and (4) the consequence for a failure to maintain local
effort.

E. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

President Obama signed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
(WIOA) into law on July 22, 2014. WIOA replaced the Workforce
Investment Act of 1998 (WIA), including the Adult Education and Family
Literacy Act (AEFLA), and amended the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (Rehabilitation Act). WIOA promotes the
integration of the workforce development system's four ``core
programs'', including AEFLA and the vocational rehabilitation program
under Title I of the Rehabilitation Act), into the revamped workforce
development system under Title I of WIOA. In collaboration with the
Department of Labor (DOL), the Department must issue an NPRM by January
18, 2015, and final regulations by January 22, 2016. The Department is
working with DOL to meet this statutory deadline. The Department will
also regulate on the programs it administers under the Rehabilitation
Act and AEFLA that were changed by WIOA.

III. Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (signed by the President on Jan. 18,
2011), the following Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been
identified as associated with retrospective review and analysis in the
Department's final retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of
the entries on this list may be completed actions that do not appear in
The Regulatory Plan. However, more information can be found about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plan can be found
at: www.ed.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Do we expect this rulemaking
 RIN Title of to significantly reduce
 Rulemaking burden on small businesses?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1810-AB16.............. Title I_Improving No.
 the Academic
 Achievement of
 the
 Disadvantaged.
1820-AB65.............. Assistance to No.
 States for the
 Education of
 Children with
 Disabilities_Mai
 ntenance of
 Effort.
1820-AB66.............. American Indian No.
 Vocational
 Rehabilitation
 Services Program.
1820-AB68.............. Workforce Undetermined.
 Innovation and
 Opportunity Act
 (OSERS).
1830-AA21.............. Workforce Undetermined.
 Innovation and
 Opportunity Act
 (OCTAE).
1840-AD08.............. Titles III and V No.
 of the Higher
 Education Act,
 as Amended.
1840-AD14.............. Negotiated No.
 Rulemaking Under
 Title IV of the
 HEA.
1840-AD15.............. Gainful No.
 Employment.
1840-AD16.............. Violence Against No.
 Women Act.
1840-AD17.............. William D. Ford No.
 Federal Direct
 Loan Program.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IV. Principles for Regulating

Over the next year, we may need to issue other regulations because
of new legislation or programmatic changes. In doing so, we will follow
the Principles for Regulating, which determine when and how we will
regulate. Through consistent application of those principles, we have
eliminated unnecessary regulations and identified situations in which
major programs could be implemented without regulations or with limited
regulatory action.
 In deciding when to regulate, we consider the following:
 Whether regulations are essential to promote quality and
equality of opportunity in education.
 Whether a demonstrated problem cannot be resolved without
regulation.
 Whether regulations are necessary to provide a legally
binding interpretation to resolve ambiguity.
 Whether entities or situations subject to regulation are
similar enough that a uniform approach through regulation would be
meaningful and do more good than harm.
 Whether regulations are needed to protect the Federal
interest, that is, to ensure that Federal funds are used for their
intended purpose and to eliminate fraud, waste, and abuse.
 In deciding how to regulate, we are mindful of the following
principles:
 Regulate no more than necessary.
 Minimize burden to the extent possible, and promote
multiple approaches to meeting statutory requirements if possible.
 Encourage coordination of federally funded activities with
State and local reform activities.
 Ensure that the benefits justify the costs of regulating.
 To the extent possible, establish performance objectives
rather than specify compliance behavior.
 Encourage flexibility, to the extent possible and as
needed to enable institutional forces to achieve desired results.

ED--OFFICE OF POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION (OPE)

Proposed Rule Stage

43. Pay as you Earn

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.

[[Page 76510]]

Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 9 2014, the President issued a memorandum (79 FR
33843) directing the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015,
that will allow additional students who borrowed Federal Direct Loans
to cap their Federal student loan payments at 10 percent of their
income. The memorandum further directed the Secretary to issue final
regulations after considering all public comments with the goal of
making the repayment option available to borrowers by December 31,
2015.
 Statement of Need: The President has issued a memorandum directing
the Secretary to propose regulations by June 9, 2015, that will allow
additional student borrowers Federal Direct Loans to cap their Federal
student loan payments at 10 percent of their income. The memorandum
further directed the Secretary to issue final regulations after
considering all public comments with the goal of making the repayment
option available to borrowers by December 31, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The President directed the Secretary to
propose regulations that will allow additional student borrowers
Federal Direct Loans to cap their Federal student loan payments at 10
percent of their income.
 Alternatives: These will be discussed in the notice of proposed
rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: These will be discussed in the
notice of proposed rulemaking.
 Risks: These will be discussed in the notice of proposed
rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Intent to Establish 09/03/14 79 FR 52273
 Negotiated Rulemaking Committee.
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Wendy Macias, Department of Education, Office of
Postsecondary Education, Room 8017, 1990 K Street NW., Washington, DC
20006, Phone: 202 502-7526, Email: wendy.macias@ed.gov
 RIN: 1840-AD18

ED--OFFICE OF CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDUCATION (OCTAE)

Proposed Rule Stage

44. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-128
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 18, 2015, No later than
180 days after enactment. Final, Statutory, January 22, 2016, 18 months
after enactment.
 Abstract: WIOA was signed into law on July 22, 2014. It replaced
the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, including the Adult Education and
Family Literacy Act (AEFLA), and amended the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. WIOA promotes the integration of the
workforce development system's four core programs. In collaboration
with the Department of Labor (DOL), the Department must issue an NPRM
by January 18, 2015 and final regulations by January 22, 2016. To meet
this statutory timeline, the Department will work with DOL on various
issues. The Department will also regulate on the programs it
administers under the Rehabilitation Act and the AEFLA that were
changed by WIOA.
 Statement of Need: WIOA replaces the Workforce Investment Act of
1998, including the AEFLA, and amends the Wagner-Peyser Act and the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. In collaboration with the Department of
Labor (DOL), the Department must issue proposed regulations on the
integration of the workforce development system's four core programs,
and will also regulate on the programs it administers under the
Rehabilitation Act and the AEFLA that were changed by WIOA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Department will issue proposed
regulations on the integration of the workforce development system's
four core programs, and on the programs it administers under that were
changed by WIOA.
 Alternatives: These will be discussed in the NPRM Regulations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: These will be discussed in the NPRM
Regulations.
 Risks: These will be discussed in the NPRM Regulations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Mary Louise Dirrigl, Department of Education,
Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Room 5156,
PCP, 550 12th Street SW., Washington, DC 20202, Phone: 202 245-7324.
 Cheryl Keenan, Department of Education, Office of Career,
Technical, and Adult Education, 550 12th Street SW., Washington, DC
20202, Phone: 202 245-7810.
 RIN: 1830-AA21.
BILLING CODE 4001-01-P

DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Department of Energy (Department or DOE) makes vital
contributions to the Nation's welfare through its activities focused on
improving national security, energy supply, energy efficiency,
environmental remediation, and energy research. The Department's
mission is to:
 Promote dependable, affordable and environmentally sound
production and distribution of energy;
 Advance energy efficiency and conservation;
 Provide responsible stewardship of the Nation's nuclear
weapons;
 Provide a responsible resolution to the environmental
legacy of nuclear weapons production; and
 Strengthen U.S. scientific discovery, economic
competitiveness, and improve quality of life through innovations in
science and technology.
 The Department's regulatory activities are essential to achieving
its critical mission and to implementing major initiatives of the
President's National Energy Policy. Among other things, the Regulatory
Plan and the Unified Agenda contain the rulemakings the Department will
be engaged in during the coming year to fulfill the Department's
commitment to meeting deadlines for issuance of energy conservation
standards and related test procedures. The Regulatory Plan and Unified
Agenda also reflect the Department's continuing commitment to cut
costs, reduce regulatory burden, and increase responsiveness to the
public.

[[Page 76511]]

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), several regulations
have been identified as associated with retrospective review and
analysis in the Department's final retrospective review of regulations
plan. Some of these entries on this list may be completed actions,
which do not appear in the Regulatory Plan. However, more information
can be found about these completed rulemakings in past publications of
the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for
that agency. These rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov.
The final agency plan can be found at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/other/2011-regulatory-action-plans
/departmentofenergyregulatoryreformplanaugust2011.pdf.

Energy Efficiency Program for Consumer Products and Commercial
Equipment

The Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA) requires DOE to set
appliance efficiency standards at levels that achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that is technologically feasible and
economically justified. The Department continues to follow its schedule
for setting new appliance efficiency standards. These rulemakings are
expected to save American consumers billions of dollars in energy
costs.
 The overall plan for implementing the schedule is contained in the
Report to Congress under section 141 of EPACT 2005, which was released
on January 31, 2006. This plan was last updated in the August 2014
report to Congress and now includes the requirements of the Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA 2007) and the American
Energy Manufacturing Technical Corrections Act (AEMTCA). The reports to
Congress are posted at:
http://www.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/schedule_setting.html.

Estimate of Combined Aggregate Costs and Benefits

In FY 2014, the Department published final rules that adopted new
or amended energy conservation standards for seven different products,
including metal halide lamp fixtures, external power supplies,
commercial refrigeration equipment, walk-in coolers and freezers,
through the wall air conditioners and heat pumps, electric motors, and
furnace fans. These standards when combined with the other final rules
adopting standards since January 2009, are expected to save consumers
hundreds of billions of dollars on their utility bills through 2030.
 DOE believes that the three rulemakings that make up the Regulatory
Plan will also substantially benefit the Nation. However, because of
their current stage in the rulemaking process, DOE has not yet proposed
candidate standard levels for these products and cannot provide an
estimate of combined aggregate costs and benefits for these actions.
DOE will, however, in compliance with all applicable law, issue
standards that provide the maximum energy savings that are
technologically feasible and economically justified. Estimates of
energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of proposed
rulemakings for manufactured housing, general service lamps, and non-
weatherized gas furnaces.

DOE--ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY (EE)

Prerule Stage

45. Energy Conservation Standards for General Service Lamps

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(6)(A) and (B)
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 430.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2017.
 Abstract: Amendments to Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA)
in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA) direct DOE
to conduct two rulemaking cycles to evaluate energy conservation
standards for GSLs, the first of which must be initiated no later than
January 1, 2014. EISA specifically states that the scope of the
rulemaking is not limited to incandescent lamp technologies. EISA also
states that DOE must consider in the first rulemaking cycle the minimum
backstop requirement of 45 lumens per watt for GSLs effective January
1, 2020, established by EISA. This rulemaking constitutes DOE's first
rulemaking cycle.
 Statement of Need: EPCA requires minimum energy efficiency
standards for certain appliances and commercial equipment.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title III of the Energy Policy and
Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA or the Act) Public Law 94163 (42 U.S.C.
62916309 as codified) established the Energy Conservation Program for
Consumer Products Other Than Automobiles. Pursuant to EPCA any new or
amended energy conservation standard that the U.S. Department of Energy
(DOE) prescribes for certain products such as general service lamps
shall be designed to achieve the maximum improvement in energy
efficiency that is technologically feasible and economically justified
(42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(2)(A)) and result in a significant conservation of
energy (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(3)(B)).
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct rulemakings to
review standards and to revise standards to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that the Secretary determines is
technologically feasible and economically justified. In making this
determination DOE conducts a thorough analysis of the alternative
standard levels including the existing standard based on the criteria
specified by the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable law, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of
proposed rulemaking action.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Framework Document Availibility; 12/09/13 78 FR 73737
 Public Meeting.
Framework Document Comment Period 01/23/14 79 FR 3742
 Extended.
Framework Document Comment Period 02/07/14
 End.
Preliminary Analysis................ 12/00/14
NPRM................................ 02/00/16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/rulemaking.aspx?ruleid=83.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EERE-
2013-BT-STD-0051.
 Agency Contact: Lucy DeButts, Office of Buildings Technologies
Program, EE-

[[Page 76512]]

5B, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, 1000
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202 287-1604,
Email: lucy.debutts@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AD09

DOE--EE

Proposed Rule Stage

46. Energy Efficiency Standards for Manufactured Housing

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 17071
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 460.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, December 19, 2011.
 Abstract: Section 413 of EISA requires that DOE establish standards
for energy efficiency in manufactured housing. See 42 U.S.C.
17071(a)(1). DOE is directed to base the energy efficiency standards on
the most recent version of the International Energy Conservation Code
(IECC), except where DOE finds that the IECC is not cost effective, or
a more stringent standard would be more cost effective, based on the
impact of the IECC on the purchase price of manufactured housing and on
total life-cycle construction and operating costs. On June 13, 2014,
DOE published a notice of intent to establish a negotiated rulemaking
working group for the manufactured housing rulemaking under the
Appliance Standards and Rulemaking Federal Advisory Committee (ASRAC)
in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) and the
Negotiated Rulemaking Act (NRA) to negotiate proposed Federal standards
for the energy efficiency of manufactured homes (79 FR 33873). The
purpose of the working group is to discuss and, if possible, reach
consensus on a proposed rule for the energy efficiency of manufactured
homes.
 Statement of Need: EISA requires DOE to establish minimum energy
efficiency standards for manufactured housing.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 413 of EISA 2007, 42 U.S.C. 17071,
directs DOE to develop and publish energy standards for manufactured
housing.
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct a rulemaking to
establish standards based on the most recent version of the
International Energy Conservation Code (IECC), except in cases in which
the Secretary finds that the IECC is not cost effective or a more
stringent standard would be more cost effective based on the impact of
the IECC on the purchase price of manufactured housing and on total
lifecycle construction and operating costs.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable law, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when DOE issues the notice of
proposed rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 02/22/10 75 FR 7556
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 03/24/10 .......................
Request for Information............. 06/25/13 78 FR 37995
NPRM................................ 11/00/14 .......................
Extension of Term; Notice of Public 10/01/14 79 FR 59154
 Meeting.
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/rulemaking.aspx?ruleid=97.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EERE-
2009-BT-BC-0021.
 Agency Contact: Joseph Hagerman, Office of Building Technologies,
EE-2J, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy,
1000 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202 586-4549,
Email: joseph.hagerman@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AC11

DOE--EE

47. Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Non-weatherized Gas
Furnaces

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6295(f)(4)(e); 42 U.S.C. 6295(m)(1); 42
U.S.C. 6295(gg)(3)
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 430.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, April 24, 2015, One year after
issuance of the proposed rule. Final, Judicial, April 24, 2016.
 Abstract: The Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA), as
amended, prescribes energy conservation standards for various consumer
products and certain commercial and industrial equipment, including
residential furnaces. EPCA also requires the DOE to periodically
determine whether more-stringent amended standards would be
technologically feasible and economically justified and would save a
significant amount of energy. DOE is amending its energy conservation
standards for residential non-weatherized gas furnaces and mobile home
gas furnaces in partial fulfillment of a court-ordered remand of DOE's
2011 rulemaking for these products.
 Statement of Need: EPCA requires minimum energy efficiency
standards for certain appliances and commercial equipment, including
residential furnaces.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title III of the Energy Policy and
Conservation Act of 1975 (EPCA or the Act), Public Law 94-163 (42
U.S.C. 6291-6309, as codified), established the Energy Conservation
Program for Consumer Products Other Than Automobiles. Pursuant to EPCA,
any new or amended energy conservation standard that the U.S.
Department of Energy (DOE) prescribes for certain products, such as
residential furnaces, shall be designed to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that is technologically feasible and
economically justified (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(2)(A)) and result in a
significant conservation of energy (42 U.S.C. 6295(o)(3)(B)).
 Alternatives: The statute requires DOE to conduct rulemakings to
review standards and to revise standards to achieve the maximum
improvement in energy efficiency that the Secretary determines is
technologically feasible and economically justified. In making this
determination, DOE conducts a thorough analysis of the alternative
standard levels, including the existing standard, based on the criteria
specified by the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because DOE has not yet proposed
energy efficiency standards, DOE cannot provide an estimate of combined
aggregate costs and benefits for these actions. DOE will, however, in
compliance with all applicable laws, issue standards that provide for
increased energy efficiency that are economically justified. Estimates
of energy savings will be provided when

[[Page 76513]]

DOE issues the notice of proposed rulemaking.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice of Public Meeting............ 10/30/14 79 FR 64517
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL For More Information:
www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/appliance_standards/product.aspx/productid/72.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: John Cymbalsky, Office of Building Technologies
Program, EE-5B, Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy, 1000 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20585, Phone: 202
287-1692, Email: john.cymbalsky@ee.doe.gov
 RIN: 1904-AD20
BILLING CODE 6450-01-P

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

Statement of Regulatory Priorities for Fiscal Year 2015

As the Federal agency with lead responsibility for protecting the
health of all Americans and for providing supportive services for
vulnerable populations, the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) implements programs that strengthen the health care system;
advance scientific knowledge and innovation; improve the health,
safety, and well-being of the American people; and strengthen the
Nation's health and human services infrastructure.
 The Department's regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015 reflect
this complex mission through planned rulemakings structured to: Further
increase access to health care for all Americans, especially by
strengthening the Medicare, Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance
programs; build from previous experiences to safeguard the Nation's
food supply; provide consumers with information to help them make
healthy choices; and marshal the best research and technology available
to streamline and modernize the health care delivery and medical-
product availability systems. The following overview highlights
forthcoming rulemakings exemplifying these priorities.

Encouraging Delivery System Reforms To Ensure Consumer Access to High
Quality, Affordable Care

The Affordable Care Act expands access to health insurance through
improvements in Medicaid, the establishment of Affordable Insurance
Exchanges, and coordination between Medicaid, the Children's Health
Insurance Program, and the Exchanges. A forthcoming final rule will
bring to completion regulatory provisions that support our efforts to
assist States in implementing Medicaid eligibility determinations,
appeals, enrollment changes, and other State health subsidy programs
stemming from the Affordable Care Act. The intent of the rule is to
afford each State substantial discretion in the design and operation of
that State's exchange, with standardization provided only where
directed by the Act or where there are compelling practical, efficiency
or consumer-protection reasons.
 A forthcoming proposed rule would establish policies related to
``Stage 3'' of the Medicare/Medicaid Electronic Health Record (EHR)
Incentive Programs. The rule is necessary to further implement
provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that provide
incentive payments to eligible providers, hospitals, and critical
access hospitals participating in Medicare and Medicaid programs that
adopt certified EHR technology. The proposal will offer for comment
specific criteria that these providers and facilities would need to
meet in order to successfully demonstrate ``meaningful use,'' focusing
on advanced use of EHR technology to promote improved outcomes for
patients.
 The Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act (MHPAEA) requires
parity between mental health or substance use disorder benefits and
medical/surgical benefits, with respect to financial requirements and
treatment limitations under group health plans. A new proposed rule
would build on the 2013 final rule implementing MHPAEA by proposing
standards for Medicaid alternative benefit plans, Medicaid managed care
organizations, and the Children's Health Insurance Program.
 Another proposed rule would revise the requirements that long-term
care facilities must meet to participate in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. The proposed changes are necessary to reflect advances in the
theory and practice of service delivery and safety for patients in
long-term care settings. The proposals are also an integral part of our
efforts to achieve broad-based improvements both in the quality of
health care furnished through Federal programs, and in patient safety,
while at the same time reducing procedural burdens on providers.
 In addition, nine Medicare payment rules will be updated to better
reflect the current state of medical practice and to respond to
feedback from providers seeking financial predictability and
flexibility to better serve patients.

Streamlining Regulations Through Retrospective Review

Consistent with the President's Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review,'' the Department remains committed to
reducing regulatory burden on States, health care providers and
suppliers, and other regulated entities by updating current rules to
align them with emerging health and safety standards, and by
eliminating outdated procedural provisions.
 For example, CMS will continue its retrospective review efforts by
finalizing an April 2014, proposal to amend the fire safety standards
for hospitals, long-term care facilities, ambulatory surgery centers,
and a variety of other inpatient care settings. Further, this rule will
adopt the most recent edition of the Life Safety Code (LSC) and
eliminate references in our regulations to all earlier editions, which
will give clear guidance to providers and institutions for these
important safety standards.
 Similarly, a forthcoming final rule from the Administration for
Children and Families (ACF) will provide the first comprehensive update
of Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) regulations since 1998. The
CCDF is a Federal program that provides formula grants to States,
territories, and tribes. The program provides financial assistance to
low-income families to access child care so that they can work or
attend a job-training or educational program. It also provides funding
to improve the quality of child care and increase the supply and
availability of child care for all families, including those who
receive no direct assistance through CCDF.
 Another ACF effort would modify existing Head Start performance
standards to take into account increased knowledge in the early
childhood field since the standards were last updated more than 15
years ago. Changes would strengthen requirements on curriculum and
assessment, supervision, health and safety, and governance. The notice
of proposed rulemaking would also streamline existing regulations to

[[Page 76514]]

eliminate unnecessary or duplicative requirements.
 Additionally, the Department, in collaboration with the President's
Office of Science and Technology Policy will propose revisions to
existing rules governing research on human subjects, often referred to
as the Common Rule. This rule would apply to institutions and
researchers supported by HHS as well as researchers throughout much of
the Federal Government who are conducting research involving human
subjects. The proposed revisions will aim to better protect human
subjects while facilitating research, and also reducing burden, delay,
and ambiguity for investigators.

Helping Consumers Identify Healthy Choices in the Marketplace

Since 1980, the prevalence of obesity among children and
adolescents has almost tripled. Obesity has both immediate and long-
term effects on the health and quality of life of those affected,
increasing their risk for chronic diseases, including heart disease,
type 2 diabetes, certain cancers, stroke, and arthritis--as well as
increasing medical costs for the individual and the health system.
Building on the momentum of the First Lady's ``Let's Move'' initiative,
HHS has mobilized skills and expertise from across the Department to
address this epidemic with research, public education, and public
health strategies.
 Adding to this effort, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) plans
to issue four final rules designed to provide more useful, easy to
understand dietary information tools that will help millions of
American families identify healthy choices in the marketplace. These
rules, each benefiting from input received in extended public comment
periods, will:
 Require restaurants and similar retail food establishments
with 20 or more locations to list calorie content information for
standard menu items on restaurant menus and drive-through menu boards.
Other nutrient information--total calories, fat, saturated fat,
cholesterol, sodium, total carbohydrates, sugars, fiber, and total
protein--would have to be made available in writing upon request;
 Require vending machine operators who own or operate 20 or
more vending machines to disclose calorie content for some items. The
Department anticipates that such information will ensure that patrons
of chain restaurants and vending machines have access to essential
nutrition information;
 Revise the nutrition and supplement facts labels on
packaged food, which has not been updated since 1993 when mandatory
nutrition labeling of food was first required. The aim of the proposed
revision is to provide updated and easier to read nutrition information
on the label to help consumers maintain healthy dietary practices; and
 Update the serving-size information provided within the
food label, providing current nutrition information based on the amount
of food that is typically eaten as a serving, to assist consumers in
maintaining healthy dietary practices.

Implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act

FDA will maintain the agency's ongoing effort to promulgate rules
required under the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), working with
public and private partners to build a new system of food safety
oversight. Responding to extensive feedback from stakeholders, the
agency recently issued for further public comment supplemental
proposals structured to:
 Establish preventive controls in the manufacture and
distribution of human foods and of animal feeds. These regulations
constitute the heart of the FSMA food safety program by instituting
uniform practices for the manufacture and distribution of food
products, to ensure that those products are safe for consumption and
will not cause or spread disease.
 Ensure that produce sold in the United States meets
rigorous safety standards. The regulation would set enforceable,
science-based standards for the safe production and harvesting of fresh
produce at the farm and the packing house, to minimize the risk of
adverse health consequences.
 Require food importers to establish a verification program
to improve the safety of food imported into the United States.
Specifically, FDA will outline proposed standards that foreign food
suppliers must meet to ensure that imported food is produced in a
manner that is as safe as food produced in the United States.

Reducing Tobacco Use

In 2009, Congress enacted the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act, authorizing FDA to regulate the manufacture, marketing,
and distribution of tobacco products, to protect the public health and
to reduce tobacco use by minors. In the coming fiscal year, benefiting
from public scrutiny of an April 2014, regulatory proposal, FDA plans
to issue a final rule that will clarify which products containing
tobacco, in addition to cigarettes, are subject to the Agency's
oversight. This rule would also allow FDA to establish regulatory
standards on the sale and distribution of tobacco products, such as
age-related access restrictions on advertising and promotion, as
appropriate, to protect public health.

Modernizing Medical-Product Safety and Availability

In 2012, Congress provided new authorities under the Food and Drug
Administration Safety and Innovation Act to support its mission of
safeguarding the quality of medical products available to the public
while ensuring the availability of innovative products. FDA is
implementing this new authority with a focus on protecting the quality
of medical products in the global drug supply chain; improving the
availability of needed drugs and devices; and promoting better-informed
decisions by health professionals and patients.
 For example, the Agency plans to issue a final rule this year to
require manufacturers of certain drugs, such as drugs used for cancer
treatments, anesthesia drugs, and other drugs that are critical to the
treatment of serious diseases and life-threatening conditions, to
report discontinuances or interruptions in the manufacturing of these
products. This rule will help FDA address and potentially prevent drug
shortages, and it will help inform providers and public health
officials earlier about potential drug shortages.
 Another forthcoming final rule will update FDA's regulations to
reflect the increased use of generic drugs in the current marketplace,
and will describe approaches for brand name and generic drug
manufacturers to update product labeling. This rule will revise and
clarify procedures for updates to product labeling to reflect certain
types of newly acquired safety information through submission of a
``changes being effected'' supplement.

Reducing Gun Violence

As part of the President's continuing efforts to reduce gun
violence, HHS will issue a final rule to remove unnecessary legal
barriers under the HIPAA Privacy Rule that may prevent States from
reporting certain information to the National Instant Criminal
Background Check System (NICS). The NICS helps to ensure that guns are
not sold to those prohibited by law from having them, including felons,
those convicted of domestic violence, and individuals involuntarily
committed to a mental institution. However, the background check system
is only as effective as the

[[Page 76515]]

information that is available to it. The rule will give States and
certain covered entities added flexibility to ensure accurate but
limited information is reported to the NICS, which would not include
clinical, diagnostic, or other mental health information. Instead,
certain covered entities would be permitted to disclose the minimum
necessary identifying information about individuals who have been
involuntarily committed to a mental institution or otherwise have been
determined by a lawful authority to be a danger to themselves or
others.

HHS--FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION (FDA)

Proposed Rule Stage

48. Current Good Manufacturing Practice and Hazard Analysis and Risk-
Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 331; 21 U.S.C. 342; 21
U.S.C. 350c; 21 U.S.C. 350d note; 21 U.S.C. 350g; 21 U.S.C. 350g note;
21 U.S.C. 371; 21 U.S.C. 374; 42 U.S.C. 264; 42 U.S.C. 243; 42 U.S.C.
271;
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 507.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 2012. Final, Judicial,
August 30, 2015.
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) mandates that FDA
promulgate final regulations to establish preventive controls not later
than 18 months after the date of enactment of FSMA. Certain
requirements regarding standards for pet food and other animal feeds
mandated by the FDA Amendment Act of 2007 will be subsumed in the FSMA
rulemaking. Per consent decree, FDA will submit the final rule to the
Federal Register for publication by 08/30/2015.
 Abstract: This rule establishes requirements for good manufacturing
practice, and requires that certain facilities establish and implement
hazard analysis and risk-based preventive controls for animal food,
including ingredients and mixed animal feed. This action is intended to
provide greater assurance that food for all animals, including pets, is
safe.
 Statement of Need: Regulatory oversight of the animal food industry
has traditionally been limited and focused on a few known safety issues
so there could be problems that remain unaddressed potentially
affecting animal health. The massive pet food recall due to
adulteration with melamine and cyanuric acid in 2007 is an example.
Actions taken by two protein suppliers in China affected a large number
of pet food manufacturers in the United States and created a nationwide
problem. By the time the cause of the problem was identified melamine-
and cyanuric-acid contaminated ingredients had resulted in the
adulteration of millions of individual servings of pet food sickening
and killing pets. Salmonella contaminated pet food has been the cause
of illness in humans: In 2007 people became ill handling pet food
contaminated with a rare Salmonella serotype; over 200 people in the
United Kingdom and United States became ill from handling Salmonella
contaminated frozen mice (used for pet food) that came from a U.S.
facility; and people were infected with Salmonella in 2012 that
originated from contaminated dog and cat food. Other animal food
recalls have resulted from contamination with aflatoxins, dioxins
excessive vitamin D, and insufficient thiamine. Congress passed FSMA
which the President signed into law on January 4, 2011 (Pub. L. 111-
353). Section 103 of FSMA amended the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic
Act (FD&C Act) by adding section 418 (21 U.S.C. 350g) Hazard Analysis
and Risk-Based Preventive Controls. In enacting FSMA Congress sought to
improve the safety of food in the United States by taking a risk-based
approach to food safety emphasizing prevention. Section 418 of the FD&C
Act requires owners, operators, or agents in charge of food facilities
to develop and implement a written hazard analysis and preventive
controls to significantly minimize or prevent the occurrence of hazards
and help prevent adulteration of food.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA's authority for issuing this rule is
provided in FSMA (Pub. L. 111-353), which amended the FD&C Act by
establishing section 418, which directed FDA to publish implementing
regulations. FSMA also amended section 301 of the FD&C Act to add
301(uu) that states the operation of a facility that manufactures,
processes, packs, or holds food for sale in the United States, if the
owner, operator, or agent in charge of such facility is not in
compliance with section 418 of the FD&C Act, is a prohibited act. FDA
is also issuing this rule under the certain provisions of section 402
of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 342) regarding adulterated food. In
addition, section 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 371(a)) authorizes
the Agency to issue regulations for the efficient enforcement of the
Act. To the extent the regulations are related to communicable disease,
FDA's legal authority also derives from sections 311, 361, and 368 of
the Public Health Services Act (42 U.S.C. 243, 264, and 271). Finally,
FDA is acting under the direction of section 1002(a) of title X of
FDAAA of 2007 (21 U.S.C. 2102) which requires the Secretary to
establish processing standards for pet food.
 Alternatives: The Food Safety Modernization Act requires FDA to
promulgate regulations to establish hazard analyses and risk-based
preventive controls.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
would be fewer cases of contaminated animal food. Discovering
contaminated food ingredients before they are used in a finished
product would reduce the number of recalls of contaminated animal food
products. Benefits would include reduced medical treatment costs for
animals, reduced loss of market value of livestock, reduced loss of
animal companionship, and reduced loss in value of animal food. More
stringent requirements for animal food manufacturing would maintain
public confidence in the safety of animal food, and protect animal and
human health. FDA lacks sufficient data to quantify the benefits of the
proposed rule. The compliance costs of the proposed rule would result
from the additional labor and capital required to perform the hazard
analyses, write and implement the preventive controls, monitor and
verify the preventive controls, take corrective actions if preventive
controls fail to prevent food from becoming contaminated, and implement
the current good manufacturing practice regulations.
 Risks: FDA is proposing this rule to provide greater assurance that
food intended for animals is safe, and will not cause illness or injury
to animals. This rule would implement a risk-based, preventive controls
food safety system intended to prevent animal food containing hazards,
which may cause illness or injury to animals or humans, from entering
the food supply. The rule would apply to domestic and imported animal
food (including raw materials and ingredients). Fewer cases of animal
food contamination would reduce the risk of serious illness and death
to animals.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/29/13 78 FR 64736

[[Page 76516]]


NPRM Comment Period Extension....... 02/03/14 79 FR 6111
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/26/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extension End... 03/31/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58475
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Kim Young, Deputy Director, Division of Compliance,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Veterinary Medicine, Room 106 (MPN-4, HFV-230), 7519
Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9207, Email:
kim.young@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG10

HHS--FDA

49. Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of
Produce for Human Consumption

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 342; 21 U.S.C. 350h; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42
U.S.C. 264; Pub. L. 111-353 (signed on January 4, 2011)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 112.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Judicial, October 2015.
 Abstract: This rule will establish science-based minimum standards
for the safe production and harvesting of those types of fruits and
vegetables that are raw agricultural commodities for which the
Secretary has determined that such standards minimize the risk of
serious adverse health consequences or death. The purpose of the rule
is to reduce the risk of illness associated with fresh produce.
 Statement of Need: FDA is taking this action to meet the
requirements of the FSMA and to address the food safety challenges
associated with fresh produce and, thereby, protect the public health.
Data indicate that between 1973 and 1997, outbreaks of foodborne
illness in the U.S. associated with fresh produce increased in absolute
numbers and as a proportion of all reported foodborne illness
outbreaks. The Agency issued general good agricultural practice
guidelines for fresh fruits and vegetables over a decade ago.
Incorporating prevention-oriented public health principles, and
incorporating what we have learned in the past decade into a regulation
is a critical step in establishing standards for the production and
harvesting of produce, and reducing the foodborne illness attributed to
fresh produce.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA is relying on the amendments to the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act), provided by
section 105 of the Food Safety Modernization Act (codified primarily in
section 419 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 350h)). FDA's legal basis also
derives in part from sections 402(a)(3), 402(a)(4), and 701(a) of the
FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 342(a)(3), 342(a)(4), and 371(a)). FDA also intends
to rely on section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act) (42
U.S.C. 264), which gives FDA authority to promulgate regulations to
control the spread of communicable disease.
 Alternatives: Section 105 of the Food Safety Modernization Act
requires FDA to conduct this rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA estimates that the costs to more
than 300,000 domestic and foreign producers and packers of fresh
produce from the proposal would include one-time costs (e.g., new tools
and equipment) and recurring costs (e.g., monitoring, training,
recordkeeping). FDA anticipates that the benefits would be a reduction
in foodborne illness and deaths associated with fresh produce. The
monetized annual benefits of this rule are estimated to be $1 billion,
and the monetized annual costs are estimated to be $460 million,
domestically.
 Risks: This regulation would directly and materially advance the
Federal Government's substantial interest in reducing the risks for
illness and death associated with foodborne infections associated with
the consumption of fresh produce. Less restrictive and less
comprehensive approaches have not been sufficiently effective in
reducing the problems addressed by this regulation. FDA anticipates
that the regulation would lead to a significant decrease in foodborne
illness associated with fresh produce consumed in the United States.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/16/13 78 FR 3503
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/26/13 78 FR 24692
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 09/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48637
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/15/13 .......................
Notice of Intent To Prepare an 08/19/13 78 FR 50358
 Environmental Impact Statement for
 the Proposed Rule.
Notice of Intent To Prepare 11/15/13 .......................
 Environmental Impact Statement for
 the Proposed Rule Comment Period
 End.
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69605
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/22/13 .......................
Environmental Impact Statement for 03/11/14 79 FR 13593
 the Proposed Rule; Comment Period
 Extended.
Environmental Impact Statement for 04/18/14 .......................
 the Proposed Rule; Comment Period
 Extended End.
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58433
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None
 Agency Contact: Samir Assar, Supervisory Consumer Safety Officer,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, Office of Food Safety,
5100 Paint Branch Parkway, College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-1636,
Email: samir.assar@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG35


[[Page 76517]]

HHS--FDA

50. Current Good Manufacturing and Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based
Preventive Controls for Human Food

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 342; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42 U.S.C. 264; Pub.
L. 111-353 (signed on Jan. 4, 2011)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 117.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 4, 2012, Final rule must be
published no later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the
FDA Food Safety Modernization Act.
 Abstract: This rule would require a food facility to have and
implement preventive controls to significantly minimize or prevent the
occurrence of hazards that could affect food manufactured, processed,
packed, or held by the facility. This action is intended to prevent or,
at a minimum, quickly identify foodborne pathogens before they get into
the food supply.
 Statement of Need: FDA is taking this action to meet the
requirements of FSMA and to better address changes that have occurred
in the food industry and thereby protect public health. High-profile
outbreaks of foodborne illness over the last decade and data showing
that such illnesses strike one in six Americans each year have caused a
widespread recognition that we need a new modern food safety system
that prevents food safety problems in the first place not a system that
just reacts once they happen. Section 103 of FSMA amended the Federal
Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by adding section 418 (21 U.S.C.
350g) Hazard Analysis and Risk Based Preventive Controls. In enacting
FSMA Congress sought to improve the safety of food in the United States
by taking a risk-based approach to food safety emphasizing prevention.
Section 418 of the FD&C Act requires owners operators or agents in
charge of food facilities to develop and implement a written plan that
describes and documents how their facility will implement the hazard
analysis and preventive controls required by this section. In addition
to containing new provisions requiring hazard analysis and risk-based
preventive controls this rule would also revise the existing Current
Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) requirements found in 21 CFR part
110 that were last updated in 1986.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA is relying on section 103 of the FSMA.
FDA is also relying on sections 402(a)(3), (a)(4) and 701(a) of the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act) (21 U.S.C.
342(a)(3), (a)(4), and 371(a)). Under section 402(a)(3) of the FD&C
Act, a food is adulterated if it consists in whole, or in part, of any
filthy, putrid, or decomposed substance, or if it is otherwise unfit
for food. Under section 402(a)(4), a food is adulterated if it has been
prepared, packed, or held under unsanitary conditions whereby it may
have become contaminated with filth, or may have been rendered
injurious to health. Under section 701(a) of the FD&C Act, FDA is
authorized to issue regulations for the efficient enforcement of the
FD&C Act. FDA's legal basis also derives from section 361 of the Public
Health Service Act (PHS Act) (42 U.S.C. 264), which gives FDA authority
to promulgate regulations to control the spread of communicable
disease.
 Alternatives: An alternative to this rulemaking is not to update
the CGMP regulations, and instead issue separate regulations to
implement the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA estimates that the costs from
the proposal to domestic and foreign producers and packers of processed
foods would include new one-time costs (e.g., adoption of written food
safety plans, setting up training programs, implementing allergen
controls, and purchasing new tools and equipment) and recurring costs
(e.g., auditing and monitoring suppliers of sensitive raw materials and
ingredients, training employees, and completing and maintaining records
used throughout the facility). FDA anticipates that the benefits would
be a reduced risk of foodborne illness and death from processed foods,
and a reduction in the number of safety-related recalls.
 Risks: This regulation will directly and materially advance the
Federal Government's substantial interest in reducing the risks for
illness and death associated with foodborne infections. Less
restrictive and less comprehensive approaches have not been effective
in reducing the problems addressed by this regulation. The regulation
will lead to a significant decrease in foodborne illness in the U.S.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/16/13 78 FR 3646
NPRM Comment Period End............. 05/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/26/13 78 FR 24691
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 09/16/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/09/13 78 FR 48636
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/15/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69604
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 11/22/13 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58523
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Jenny Scott, Senior Advisor, Department of Health
and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Office of Food
Safety, 5100 Paint Branch Parkway, College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240
402-1488, Email: jenny.scott@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG36

HHS--FDA

51. Reports of Distribution and Sales Information for Antimicrobial
Active Ingredients Used in Food-Producing Animals

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 360b(l)(3)
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 514.80.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would require that the sponsor of each
approved or conditionally approved antimicrobial new animal drug
product submit an annual report to the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA or Agency) on the amount of each antimicrobial active ingredient
in the drug product that is sold or distributed for use in food-
producing animals, including any distributor-labeled product. In
addition to codifying these requirements, FDA is exploring other
requirements for the collection of additional drug distribution data.
 Statement of Need: Section 105 of the Animal Drug User Fee
Amendments of 2008 (ADUFA) amended section 512 of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) to require that the sponsor of each
approved or conditionally appoved new animal drug

[[Page 76518]]

product that contains an antimicrobial active ingredient submit an
annual report to FDA on the amount of each antimicrobial active
ingredient in the drug product that is sold or distributed for use in
food-producing animals, including information on any distributor-
labeled product. This legislation was enacted to assist FDA in its
continuing analysis of the interactions (including drug resistance),
efficacy, and safety of antibiotics approved for use in both humans and
food-producing animals (H. Rpt. 110-804). This proposed rulemaking is
to codify these requirements. In addition, FDA is exploring the
establishment of other reporting requirements to provide for the
collection of additional drug distribution data, including reporting
sales and distribution data by species.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 105 of ADUFA (Pub. L. 110-316; 122
Stat. 3509) amended section 512 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) to
require that sponsors of approved or conditionally approved
applications for new animal drugs containing an antimicrobial active
ingredient submit an annual report to the Food and Drug Administration
on the amount of each such ingredient in the drug that is sold or
distributed for use in food-producing animals, including information on
any distributor-labeled product. FDA is also issuing this rule under
its authority under section 512(l) of the FD&C Act to collect
information relating to approved new animal drugs.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking codifies the congressional mandate of
ADUFA section 105. The annual reporting required under ADUFA section
105 is necessary to address potential problems concerning the safety
and effectiveness of antimicrobial new animal drugs. Less frequent data
collection would hinder this purpose.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Sponsors of antimicrobial drugs sold
for use in food-producing animals currently report sales and
distribution data to the Agency under section 105 of ADUFA; this
rulemaking will codify in FDA's regulations a current statutory
requirement. There may be a minimal additional labor cost if any other
reporting requirement is proposed. Additional data beyond the reporting
requirements specified in ADUFA section 105 will help the Agency better
understand how the use of medically important antimicrobial drugs in
food-producing animals may relate to antimicrobial resistance.
 Risks: Section 105 of ADUFA was enacted to address the problem of
antimicrobial resistance, and to help ensure that FDA has the necessary
information to examine safety concerns related to the use of
antibiotics in food-producing animals. 154 Congressional Record H7534.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/27/12 77 FR 44177
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 09/25/12 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 09/26/12 77 FR 59156
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/26/12 .......................
NPRM................................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sujaya Dessai, Supervisory Veterinary Medical
Officer, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Veterinary Medicine, MPN-4, Room 2620, HFV-
212, 7529 Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9075,
Email: sujaya.dessai@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG45

HHS--FDA

52. Foreign Supplier Verification Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 384a; title III, sec 301 of FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. 111-353, establishing sec 805 of the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act)
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 4, 2012.
 Abstract: This rule describes what a food importer must do to
verify that its foreign suppliers produce food that is as safe as food
produced in the United States. FDA is taking this action to improve the
safety of food that is imported into the United States.
 Statement of Need: The proposed rule is needed to help improve the
safety of food that is imported into the United States. Imported food
products have increased dramatically over the last several decades.
Data indicate that about 15 percent of the U.S. food supply is
imported. FSMA provides the Agency with additional tools and
authorities to help ensure that imported foods are safe for U.S.
consumers. Included among these tools and authorities is a requirement
that importers perform risk-based foreign supplier verification
activities to verify that the food they import is produced in
compliance with U.S. requirements, as applicable, and is not
adulterated or misbranded. This proposed rule on the content of foreign
supplier verification programs (FSVPs) sets forth the proposed steps
that food importers would be required to take to fulfill their
responsibility to help ensure the safety of the food they bring into
this country.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 805(c) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
384a(c)) directs FDA, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment
of FSMA, to issue regulations on the content of FSVPs. Section
805(c)(4) states that verification activities under such programs may
include monitoring records for shipments, lot-by-lot certification of
compliance, annual onsite inspections, checking the hazard analysis and
risk-based preventive control plans of foreign suppliers, and
periodically testing and sampling shipments of imported products.
Section 301(b) of FSMA amends section 301 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
331) by adding section 301(zz), which designates as a prohibited act
the importation or offering for importation of a food if the importer
(as defined in section 805) does not have in place an FSVP in
compliance with section 805. In addition, section 301(c) of FSMA amends
section 801(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) by stating that an
article of food being imported or offered for import into the United
States shall be refused admission if it appears, from an examination of
a sample of such an article or otherwise, that the importer is in
violation of section 805.
 Alternatives: We are considering a range of alternative approaches
to the requirements for foreign supplier verification activities. These
might include: (1) establishing a general requirement that importers
determine and conduct whatever verification activity would adequately
address the risks associated with the foods they import; (2) allowing
importers to choose from a list of possible verification mechanisms,
such as the activities listed in section 805(c)(4) of the FD&C Act; (3)
requiring importers to conduct particular verification activities for
certain types of foods or risks (e.g., for high-risk foods), but
allowing flexibility in verification activities for other types of
foods or risks; and (4) specifying use of a particular verification
activity for each particular kind of food or risk. To the extent
possible while still ensuring that verification activities are adequate
to ensure that foreign suppliers are

[[Page 76519]]

producing food in accordance with U.S. requirements, we will seek to
give importers the flexibility to choose verification procedures that
are appropriate to adequately address the risks associated with the
importation of a particular food, and accounted for in the proposed
rules that contain these requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: We are still estimating the cost and
benefits for this proposed rule. However, the available information
suggests that, if finalized, the costs will be significant. Our
preliminary analysis of FY10 OASIS data suggests that this rule will
cover about 60,000 importers, 240,000 unique combinations of importers
and foreign suppliers, and 540,000 unique combinations of importers,
products, and foreign suppliers. These numbers imply that provisions
that require activity for each importer, each unique combination of
importer and foreign supplier, or each unique combination of importer,
product, and foreign supplier will generate significant costs. An
example of a provision linked to combinations of importers and foreign
suppliers would be a requirement to conduct a verification activity,
such as an onsite audit, under certain conditions. The cost of onsite
audits will depend, in part, on whether foreign suppliers can provide
the same onsite audit results to different importers, or whether every
importer will need to take some action with respect to each of their
foreign suppliers. The benefits of this proposed rule will consist of
the reduction of adverse health events linked to imported food that
could result from increased compliance with applicable requirements,
and are accounted for in the proposed rules that contain those
requirements and are accounted for in the proposed rules that contain
those requirements.
 Risks: As stated above, about 15 percent of the U.S. food supply is
imported, and many of these imported foods are high-risk commodities.
According to recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, each year, about 48 million Americans get sick, 128,000 are
hospitalized, and 3,000 die from foodborne diseases. We expect that the
adoption of FSVPs by food importers will benefit the public health by
helping to ensure that imported food is produced in compliance with
other applicable food safety regulations.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/29/13 78 FR 45729
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/26/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69602
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/27/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 09/29/14 79 FR 58573
Supplemental NPRM Comment Period End 12/15/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Brian L. Pendleton, Senior Policy Advisor,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Office of Policy, WO 32, Room 4245, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver
Spring, MD 20993-0002, Phone: 301 796-4614, Fax: 301 847-8616, Email:
brian.pendleton@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG64

HHS--FDA

Final Rule Stage

53. ``Tobacco Products'' Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.; The Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act; Pub. L. 111-31; The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco
Control Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act
(Tobacco Control Act) provides the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
authority to regulate cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, roll-your-own
tobacco, and smokeless tobacco. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (FD&C Act), as amended by the Tobacco Control Act, permits FDA to
issue regulations deeming other tobacco products to be subject to the
FD&C Act. This rule would deem additional products meeting the
statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' to be subject to the FD&C
Act, and would specify additional restrictions.
 Statement of Need: Currently, the Tobacco Control Act provides FDA
with immediate authority to regulate cigarettes, cigarette tobacco,
roll-your-own tobacco, and smokeless tobacco. The Tobacco Control Act
also permits FDA to issue regulations deeming other tobacco products
that meet the statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' to also be
subject to the FD&C Act. This regulation is necessary to afford FDA the
authority to regulate additional products which include hookah,
electronic cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco, other novel tobacco
products, and future tobacco products.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 901 of the FD&C Act, as amended by
the Tobacco Control Act, permits FDA to issue regulations deeming other
tobacco products to be subject to the FD&C Act. Section 906(d) provides
FDA with the authority to propose restrictions on the sale and
distribution of tobacco products, including restrictions on the access
to, and the advertising and promotion of, tobacco products if FDA
determines that such regulation would be appropriate for the protection
of the public health.
 Alternatives: In addition to the benefits and costs of both options
for the proposed rule, FDA assessed the benefits and costs of several
alternatives to the proposed rule: e.g., deeming only, but exempt
newly-deemed products from certain requirements; exempt certain classes
of products from certain requirements; deeming only, with no additional
provisions; and changes to the compliance periods.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule consists of two
coproposals, option 1 and option 2. The proposed option 1 deems all
products meeting the statutory definition of ``tobacco product'' except
accessories of a proposed deemed tobacco product to be subject to
chapter IX of the FD&C Act. Option 1 also proposes additional
provisions that would apply to proposed deemed products as well as to
certain other tobacco products. Option 2 is the same as option 1 except
that it exempts premium cigars. We expect that asserting our authority
over these tobacco products will enable us to take further regulatory
action in the future as appropriate; those actions will have their own
costs and benefits. The proposed rule would generate some direct
benefits by providing information to consumers about the risks and

[[Page 76520]]

characteristics of tobacco products which may result in consumers
reducing their use of cigars and other tobacco products. Other
potential benefits follow from premarket requirements which could
prevent more harmful products from appearing on the market and
worsening the health effects of tobacco product use. The proposed rule
would impose costs in the form of registration submission labeling and
other requirements; other likely costs are not quantifiable based on
current data.
 Risks: Adolescence is the peak time for tobacco use initiation and
experimentation. In recent years, new and emerging tobacco products,
sometimes referred to as ``novel tobacco products,'' have been
developed and are becoming an increasing concern to public health due,
in part, to their appeal to youth and young adults. Non-regulated
tobacco products come in many forms, including electronic cigarettes,
nicotine gels, and certain dissolvable tobacco products (i.e., those
dissolvable products that do not currently meet the definition of
smokeless tobacco under 21 U.S.C. 387(18) because they do not contain
cut, ground, powdered, or leaf tobacco, and instead contain nicotine
extracted from tobacco), and these products are widely available. This
deeming rule is necessary to provide FDA with authority to regulate
these products (e.g., registration, product and ingredient listing,
user fees for certain products, premarket requirements, and
adulteration and misbranding provisions). In addition, the additonal
restrictions that FDA seeks to promulgate for the proposed deemed
products will protect youth by restricting minors' access to these
products and will increase consumer understanding of the impact of
these products on public health. This rule is consistent with other
approaches that the Agency has taken to address the tobacco epidemic
and is particularly necessary, given that consumer use may be
gravitating to the proposed deemed products.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/25/14 79 FR 23142
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/09/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 06/24/14 79 FR 35711
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/08/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Gerie Voss, Senior Regulatory Counsel, Department
of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Tobacco Products, Document Control Center, Building 71, Room G335,
10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20993, Phone: 877 287-
1373, Fax: 301 595-1426, Email: ctpregulations@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG38

HHS--FDA

54. Food Labeling: Calorie Labeling of Articles of Food Sold in Vending
Machines

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 343; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FDA published a proposed rule to establish requirements
for nutrition labeling of certain food items sold in certain vending
machines. FDA also proposed the terms and conditions for vending
machine operators registering to voluntarily be subject to the
requirements. FDA is issuing a final rule, and taking this action to
carry out section 4205 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking was mandated by section 4205 of
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act).
 Summary of Legal Basis: On March 23, 2010, the Affordable Care Act
(Pub. L. 111-148) was signed into law. Section 4205 amended 403(q)(5)
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by, among other
things, creating new clause (H) to require that vending machine
operators, who own or operate 20 or more machines, disclose calories
for certain food items. FDA has the authority to issue this rule under
sections 403(q)(5)(H) and 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
343(q)(5)(H), and 371(a)). Section 701(a) of the FD&C Act vests the
Secretary of Health and Human Services, and, by delegation, the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) with the authority to issue regulations
for the efficient enforcement of the FD&C Act.
 Alternatives: Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act requires the
Secretary (and by delegation, the FDA) to establish by regulation
requirements for calorie labeling of articles of food sold from covered
vending machines. Therefore, there are no alternatives to rulemaking.
FDA has analyzed alternatives that may reduce the burden of the
rulemaking, including analyzing the benefits and costs of: restricting
the flexibility of the format for calorie disclosure, lengthening the
compliance time, and extending the coverage of the rule to bulk vending
machines without selection buttons.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Any vending machine operator
operating fewer than 20 machines may voluntarily choose to be covered
by the national standard. It is anticipated that vending machine
operators that own or operate 20 or more vending machines will bear
costs associated with adding calorie information to vending machines.
FDA initially estimated that the total cost of complying with section
4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking would be
approximately $25.8 million initially, with a recurring cost of
approximately $24 million.
 Because comprehensive national data for the effects of vending
machine labeling do not exist, FDA did not quantify the benefits
associated with section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this
rulemaking in the proposed rule. Some studies have shown that some
consumers consume fewer calories when calorie content information is
displayed at the point of purchase. Consumers will benefit from having
this important nutrition information to assist them in making healthier
choices when consuming food away from home. Given the very high costs
associated with obesity and its associated health risks, FDA estimated
that if 0.02 percent of the adult obese population reduces energy
intake by at least 100 calories per week, then the benefits of section
4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking would be at least
as large as the costs.
 Risks: Americans now consume an estimated one-third of their total
calories from foods prepared outside the home, and spend almost half of
their food dollars on such foods. This rule will provide consumers with
information about the nutritional content of food to enable them to
make healthier food choices, and may help mitigate the trend of
increasing obesity in America.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76521]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/06/11 76 FR 19238
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/05/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Daniel Reese, Food Technologist, Department of
Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (HFS-820), 5100 Paint Branch Parkway,
College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-2126, Email:
daniel.reese@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG56

HHS--FDA

55. Food Labeling: Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in
Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 343; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FDA published a proposed rule in the Federal Register to
establish requirements for nutrition labeling of standard menu items in
chain restaurants and similar retail food establishments. FDA also
proposed the terms and conditions for restaurants and similar retail
food establishments registering to voluntarily be subject to the
Federal requirements. FDA is issuing a final rule, and taking this
action to carry out section 4205 of the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking was mandated by section 4205 of
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act).
 Summary of Legal Basis: On March 23, 2010, the Affordable Care Act
(Pub. L. 111-148) was signed into law. Section 4205 of the Affordable
Care Act amended 403(q)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(FD&C Act) by, among other things, creating new clause (H) to require
that certain chain restaurants and similar retail food establishments
with 20 or more locations disclose certain nutrient information for
standard menu items. FDA has the authority to issue this rule under
sections 403(a)(1), 403(q)(5)(H), and 701(a) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C.
343(a)(1), 343(q)(5)(H), and 371(a)). Section 701(a) of the FD&C Act
vests the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and, by delegation,
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with the authority to issue
regulations for the efficient enforcement of the FD&C Act.
 Alternatives: Section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act requires the
Secretary, and by delegation the FDA, to establish by regulation
requirements for nutrition labeling of standard menu items for covered
restaurants and similar retail food establishments. Therefore, there
are no alternatives to rulemaking. FDA has analyzed alternatives that
may reduce the burden of this rulemaking, including analyzing the
benefits and costs of expanding and contracting the set of
establishments covered by this rule, and shortening or lengthening the
compliance time relative to the rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Chain restaurants and similar retail
food establishments covered by the Federal law operating in local
jurisdictions that impose different nutrition labeling requirements
will benefit from having a uniform national standard. Any restaurant or
similar retail food establishment with fewer than 20 locations may
voluntarily choose to be covered by the national standard. It is
anticipated that chain restaurants with 20 or more locations will bear
costs for adding nutrition information to menus and menu boards. FDA
initially estimated that the total cost of section 4205 and this
rulemaking would be approximately $80 million, annualized over 10
years, with a low annualized estimate of approximately $33 million and
a high annualized estimate of approximately $125 million over 10 years.
These costs (which are subject to change in the final rule) included an
initial cost of approximately $320 million with an annually recurring
cost of $45 million.
 Because comprehensive national data for the effects of menu
labeling do not exist, FDA did not quantify the benefits associated
with section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rulemaking. Some
studies have shown that some consumers consume fewer calories when
menus have information about calorie content displayed. Consumers will
benefit from having important nutrition information for the
approximately 30 percent of calories consumed away from home. Given the
very high costs associated with obesity and its associated health
risks, FDA estimated that if 0.6 percent of the adult obese population
reduces energy intake by at least 100 calories per week, then the
benefits of section 4205 of the Affordable Care Act and this rule would
be at least as large as the costs.
 Risks: Americans now consume an estimated one-third of their total
calories on foods prepared outside the home, and spend almost half of
their food dollars on such foods. Unlike packaged foods that are
labeled with nutrition information, foods in restaurants, for the most
part, do not have nutrition information that is readily available when
ordered. Dietary intake data have shown that obese Americans consume
over 100 calories per meal more when eating food away from home, rather
than food at home. This rule will provide consumers information about
the nutritional content of food to enable them to make healthier food
choices, and may help mitigate the trend of increasing obesity in
America.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/06/11 76 FR 19192
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/05/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Daniel Reese, Food Technologist, Department of
Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Center for
Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (HFS-820), 5100 Paint Branch Parkway,
College Park, MD 20740, Phone: 240 402-2126, Email:
daniel.reese@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG57

HHS--FDA

56. Accreditation of Third-Party Auditors/Certification Bodies To
Conduct Food Safety Audits and To Issue Certifications

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 384d; Pub. L. 111-353; sec 307 FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act; other sections of FDA Food Safety
Modernization Act, as appropriate; 21 U.S.C. 371; 21 U.S.C. 381; 21
U.S.C. 384b; . . .

[[Page 76522]]

CFR Citation: 21 CFR 1.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 2012, Promulgate
implementing regulations.
 Final, Judicial, October 31, 2015.
 Per Public Law 111-353, section 307, promulgate, within 18 months
of enactment, certain implementing regulations for accreditation of
third-party auditors to conduct food safety audits. Per consent decree,
FDA will submit the final rule to the Federal Register for publication
by 10/31/15.
 Abstract: This rule establishes regulations for accreditation of
third-party auditors to conduct food safety audits. FDA is taking this
action to improve the safety of food that is imported into the United
States.
 Statement of Need: The use of accredited third-party auditors to
certify food imports will assist in ensuring the safety of food from
foreign origin entering U.S. commerce. Accredited third-party auditors
auditing foreign facilities can increase FDA's information about
foreign facilities that FDA may not have adequate resources to inspect
in a particular year. FDA will establish identified standards creating
overall uniformity to complete the task. Audits that result in issuance
of facility certificates will provide FDA information about the
compliance status of the facility. Additionally, auditors will be
required to submit audit reports that may be reviewed by FDA for
purposes of compliance assessment and work planning.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 808 of the FD&C Act directs FDA to
establish, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment, a system
for the recognition of accreditation bodies that accredit third-party
auditors, who, in turn, certify that their eligible entities meet the
requirements. If within 2 years after the date of the establishment of
the system, FDA has not identified and recognized an accreditation
body, FDA may directly accredit third party auditors.
 Alternatives: FSMA described in detail the framework for, and
requirements of, the accredited third-party auditor program.
Alternatives include certain oversight activities required of
recognized accreditation bodies that accredit third-party auditors, as
distinguished from third-party auditors directly accredited by FDA.
Another alternative relates to the nature of the required standards and
the degree to which those standards are prescriptive or flexible.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The benefits of the proposed rule
would be less unsafe or misbranded food entering U.S. commerce.
Additional benefits include the increased flow of credible information
to FDA regarding the compliance status of foreign firms and their foods
that are ultimately offered for import into the United States, which
information, in turn, would inform FDA's work planning for inspection
of foreign food facilities and might result in a signal of possible
problems with a particular firm or its products, and with sufficient
signals, might raise questions about the rigor of the food safety
regulatory system of the country of origin. The compliance costs of the
proposed rule would result from the additional labor and capital
required of accreditation bodies seeking FDA recognition and of third-
party auditors seeking accreditation to the extent that will involve
the assembling of information for an application unique to the FDA
third-party program. The compliance costs associated with certification
will be accounted for separately under the costs associated with
participation in the voluntary qualified importer program, and the
costs associated with mandatory certification for high-risk food
imports. The third-party program is funded through revenue neutral-user
fees, which will be developed by FDA through rulemaking. User fee costs
will be accounted for in that rulemaking.
 Risks: FDA is proposing this rule to provide greater assurance the
food offered for import into the United States is safe and will not
cause injury or illness to animals or humans. The rule would implement
a program for accrediting third-party auditors to conduct food safety
audits of foreign food entities, including registered foreign food
facilities, and based on the findings of the regulatory audit, to issue
certifications to foreign food entities found to be in compliance with
FDA requirements. The certifications could be used by importers seeking
to participate in the Voluntary Qualified Importer Program for
expedited review and entry of product, and would be a means to provide
assurance of compliance as required by FDA based on risk-related
considerations. The rule would apply to any foreign or domestic
accreditation body seeking FDA recognition, any foreign or domestic
third-party auditor seeking accreditation, any registered foreign food
facility or other foreign food entity subject to a food safety audit
(including a regulatory audit conducted for purposes of certification),
and any importer seeking to participate in the Voluntary Qualified
Importer Program. Fewer instances of unsafe or misbranded food entering
U.S. commerce would reduce the risk of serious illness and death to
humans and animals.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/29/13 78 FR 45781
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/26/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/20/13 78 FR 69603
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/27/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Charlotte A. Christin, Acting Director, Division of
Dietary Supplement Programs, Department of Health and Human Services,
Food and Drug Administration, Division of Dietary Supplement Programs,
Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, 4D042, College Park, MD
20740, Phone: 240 402-3708, Email: charlotte.christin@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG66

HHS--FDA

57. Revision of Postmarketing Reporting Requirements Discontinuance or
Interruption in Supply of Certain Products (Drug Shortages)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: secs 506c, 506c-1, 506d, and 506f of the FDA&C
Act, as amended by title X (Drug Shortages) of FDASIA, Pub. L. 112-144,
July 9, 2012
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 314.81; 21 CFR 314.91.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 9, 2014, Not later than 18
months after the date of enactment of FDASIA, FDA must adopt the final
regulation implementing section 506C as amended.
 Section 1001 of FDASIA states that not later than 18 months after
the date of enactment of FDASIA, the Secretary shall adopt a final
regulation implementing section 506(c) as amended.
 Abstract: This rule would require manufacturers of certain drug
products to report discontinuances or

[[Page 76523]]

interruptions in the manufacturing of these products 6 months prior to
the discontinuance or interruption, or if that is not possible, as soon
as practicable. Manufacturers must notify FDA of a discontinuance or
interruption in the manufacture of drugs that are life-supporting,
life-sustaining, or intended for use in the prevention or treatment of
a debilitating disease or condition.
 Statement of Need: The Food and Drug Administration Safety and
Innovation Act (FDASIA), Public Law 112-144 (July 9, 2012), amends the
FD&C Act to require manufacturers of certain drug products to report to
FDA discontinuances or interruptions in the production of these
products that are likely to meaningfully disrupt supply 6 months prior
to the discontinuance or interruption, or if that is not possible, as
soon as practicable. FDASIA also amends the FD&C Act to include other
provisions related to drug shortages. Drug shortages have a significant
impact on patient access to critical medications, and the number of
drug shortages has risen steadily since 2005 to a high of 251 shortages
in 2011. Notification to FDA of a shortage or an issue that may lead to
a shortage is critical--FDA was able to prevent more than 100 shortages
in the first 3 quarters of 2012 due to early notification. This rule
will implement the FDASIA drug shortages provisions, allowing FDA to
more quickly and efficiently respond to shortages, thereby improving
patient access to critical medications, and promoting public health.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Sections 506(c), 506(c)-1, 506(d), 506(e),
and 506(f) of the FD&C Act, as amended by title X (Drug Shortages) of
FDASIA.
 Alternatives: The principal alternatives assessed were to provide
guidance on voluntary notification to FDA, or to continue to rely on
the requirements under the current interim final rule on notification.
These alternatives would not meet the statutory requirement to issue
the final regulation required by title X, section 1001 of FDASIA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The rule would increase the modest
reporting costs associated with notifying FDA of discontinuances or
interruptions in the production of certain drug products. The rule
would generate benefits in the form of the value of public health gains
through more rapid and effective FDA responses to potential, or actual
drug shortages that otherwise would limit patient access to critical
medications.
 Risks: Drug shortages can significantly impede patient access to
critical, sometimes life-saving, medications. Drug shortages,
therefore, can pose a serious risk to public health and patient safety.
This rule will require early notification of potential shortages,
enabling FDA to more quickly and effectively respond to potential or
actual drug shortages that otherwise would limit patient access to
critical medications.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/04/13 78 FR 65904
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/03/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Valerie Jensen, Associate Director, CDER Drug
Shortage Staff, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, WO Building
22, Room 6202, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20903,
Phone: 301 796-0737.
 RIN: 0910-AG88

HHS--FDA

58. Supplemental Applications Proposing Labeling Changes for Approved
Drugs and Biological Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 321; 21 U.S.C. 331; 21 U.S.C. 352; 21
U.S.C. 353; 21 U.S.C. 355; 21 U.S.C. 371; 42 U.S.C. 262; . . .
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 314.70; 21 CFR 314.97; 21 CFR 314.150; 21 CFR
601.12.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would amend the regulations regarding new drug
applications (NDAs), abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs), and
biologics license applications (BLAs) to revise and clarify procedures
for changes to the labeling of an approved drug to reflect certain
types of newly acquired information in advance of FDA's review of such
change.
 Statement of Need: In the current marketplace, approximately 80
percent of drugs dispensed are generic drugs approved in ANDAs. ANDA
holders, like NDA holders and BLA holders, are required to promptly
review all adverse drug experience information obtained or otherwise
received, and comply with applicable reporting and recordkeeping
requirements. However, under current FDA regulations, ANDA holders are
not permitted to use the CBE supplement process in the same manner as
NDA holders and BLA holders to independently update product labeling
with certain newly acquired safety information. This regulatory
difference recently has been determined to mean that an individual can
bring a product liability action for ``failure to warn'' against an NDA
holder, but generally not an ANDA holder. This may alter the incentives
for generic drug manufacturers to comply with current requirements to
conduct robust postmarketing surveillance, evaluation, and reporting,
and to ensure that their product labeling is accurate and up-to-date.
Accordingly, there is a need for ANDA holders to be able to
independently update product labeling to reflect certain newly acquired
safety information as part of the ANDA holder's independent
responsibility to ensure that its product labeling is accurate and up-
to-date.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and
the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) provide FDA with authority over the
labeling for drugs and biological products, and authorize the Agency to
enact regulations to facilitate FDA's review and approval of
applications regarding the labeling for those products. FDA's authority
to extend the CBE supplement process for certain safety-related
labeling changes to ANDA holders arises from the same authority under
which FDA's regulations relating to NDA holders and BLA holders were
issued.
 Alternatives: FDA is considering several alternatives described in
comments submitted to the public docket established for the proposed
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FDA is reviewing comments submitted
to the public docket and evaluating the anticipated costs and benefits
that would be associated with a final rule.
 Risks: This rule is intended to remove obstacles to the prompt
communication of safety-related labeling changes that meet the
regulatory criteria for a CBE supplement. The rule may encourage
generic drug companies to participate more actively with FDA in
ensuring the timeliness, accuracy, and completeness of drug safety
labeling in accordance with current regulatory requirements. FDA's
posting of information on its Web site regarding the safety-related
labeling changes proposed in pending CBE supplements would enhance
transparency, and facilitate access by health care providers and the
public so that such information may be used to inform treatment
decisions.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76524]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/13/13 78 FR 67985
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/13/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 12/27/13 78 FR 78796
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/13/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Janice L. Weiner, Senior Regulatory Counsel,
Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, WO 51, Room 6268, 10903 New
Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002, Phone: 301 796-3601,
Fax: 301 847-8440, Email: janice.weiner@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG94

HHS--FDA

59. Veterinary Feed Directive

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 21 U.S.C. 354; 21 U.S.C. 360b; 21 U.S.C. 360ccc;
21 U.S.C. 360ccc-1; 21 U.S.C. 371
 CFR Citation: 21 CFR 514; 21 CFR 558.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Animal Drug Availability Act created a new category
of products called veterinary feed directive (VFD) drugs. This
rulemaking is intended to provide for the increased efficiency of the
VFD program.
 Statement of Need: Before 1996, two options existed for regulating
the distribution of animal drugs, including drugs in animal feed: (1)
Over-the-counter (OTC); and (2) prescription (Rx). In 1996, the Animal
Drug Availability Act (ADAA) created a new category of products called
veterinary feed directive (VFD) drugs. VFD drugs are new animal drugs
intended for use in or on animal feed, which are limited to use under
the professional supervision of a licensed veterinarian in the course
of the veterinarian's professional practice. In order for animal feed
containing a VFD drug to be used in animals, a licensed veterinarian
must first issue an order, called a veterinary feed directive (or VFD),
providing for such use. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA, the
Agency) finalized its regulation to implement the VFD-related
provisions of the ADAA in December 2000. Since that time, FDA has
received informal comments that the VFD process is overly burdensome.
As a result, FDA began exploring ways to improve the VFD program's
efficiency. To that end, FDA published an advanced notice of proposed
rulemaking on March 29, 2010 (75 FR 15387), and draft text of a
proposed regulation, which it published April 13, 2012 (77 FR 22247).
The proposed revisions to the VFD process are also intended to support
the Agency's initiative to transition certain new animal drug products
containing medically important antimicrobial drugs from an OTC status
to a status that requires veterinary oversight. The proposed rule, if
finalized, will make the following changes to the VFD regulations at
section 558.6 (21 CFR 558.6): (1) Reorganize the VFD regulations to
make them more user-friendly. This proposal will replace the six
subsections of the existing regulations with three subsections that
better identify what is expected from each party involved in the VFD
process; (2) provide increased flexibility for licensed veterinarians
and animal producers to align with the most recent practice standards,
technological and medical advances, and practical considerations, to
assure the safe and effective use of VFD drugs; (3) provide for the
continued availability through the current feed mill distribution
system of those Category I drugs that move to VFD dispensing status.
This will prevent potential shortages of antimicrobial drugs needed by
food animal producers for judicious therapeutic uses on their farms and
ranches; and (4) lower the recordkeeping burden for all involved
parties to align with other feed manufacturing recordkeeping
requirements, thus eliminating the need for two separate filing
systems.
 Summary of Legal Basis: FDA's authority for issuing this rule is
provided in the ADAA (Pub. L. 104-250), which amended the Federal Food,
Drug, & Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) by establishing section 504.
 Alternatives: An alternative to the proposed rule that would ease
the burden on VFD drug manufacturers would be to allow additional time
to comply with the proposed labeling requirements for currently
approved VFD drugs, for example, 1 or more years after the final rule
becomes effective. This would not affect any new VFD drug approvals
after the effective date of the final rule, and it could provide a
transition period for current VFD manufacturers to coordinate the
labeling changes to the specimen labeling, representative labeling, the
VFD form itself, and advertising within the usual frequency of label
changes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimated one-time costs to
industry from this proposed rule, if finalized, are the costs to review
the rule and prepare a compliance plan. In addition, FDA estimates that
the government will incur costs associated with reviewing the VFD drug
labeling supplements that are expected to be submitted by the existing
VFD drug manufacturers. The expected benefit of this proposal is a
general improvement in the efficiency of the VFD process. Additionally,
the reduction in veterinarian labor costs due to this rule is expected
to result in an annual cost savings.
 Risks: As FDA continues to implement the judicious use principles
for medically important antimicrobial drugs based on the framework set
forth in Guidance for Industry #209, which published April 13, 2012, it
is critical that the Agency makes the VFD program as efficient as
possible for stakeholders while maintaining adequate protection for
human and animal health. The provisions included in this proposed rule
are based on stakeholder input received in response to multiple
opportunities for public comment, and represent FDA's best effort to
strike the appropriate balance between protection of human and animal
health and programmatic efficiency.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/29/10 75 FR 15387
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 06/28/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 12/12/13 78 FR 75515
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/12/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sujaya Dessai, Supervisory Veterinary Medical
Officer, Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug
Administration, Center for Veterinary Medicine, MPN-4, Room 2620, HFV-
212, 7529 Standish Place, Rockville, MD 20855, Phone: 240 276-9075,
Email: sujaya.dessai@fda.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0910-AG95


[[Page 76525]]

HHS--CENTERS FOR MEDICARE & MEDICAID SERVICES (CMS)

Proposed Rule Stage

60. Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities (CMS-3260-P)
(Rulemaking Resulting From a Section 610 Review)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-148, sec 6102; 42 U.S.C. 263a; 42
U.S.C. 1302, 1395hh, 1395rr
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 405; 42 CFR 431; 42 CFR 447; 42 CFR 482; 42
CFR 483; 42 CFR 485; 42 CFR 488.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise the requirements that
Long-Term Care facilities must meet to participate in the Medicare and
Medicaid programs. These proposed changes are necessary to reflect the
substantial advances that have been made over the past several years in
the theory and practice of service delivery and safety. These proposals
are also an integral part of our efforts to achieve broad-based
improvements both in the quality of health care furnished through
Federal programs, and in patient safety, while at the same time
reducing procedural burdens on providers.
 Statement of Need: CMS has not comprehensively reviewed the entire
set of requirements for participation it imposes on facilities in many
years. Over the years, the Agency and its stakeholders have identified
problematic requirements. Accordingly, we conducted a review of the
requirements in an effort to improve the quality of life, care, and
services in facilities; optimize resident safety; reflect current
professional standards; and improve the logical flow of the
regulations. Based on our analysis, we decided to pursue those
regulatory revisions that would reflect the advances that have been
made in health care delivery and that would improve resident safety.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Medicare requirements for participation
for long-term care facilities were published in the Federal Register on
February 2, 1989. These regulations have been revised and added to
since that time, principally as a result of legislation or a need to
address a specific issue; however, they have not been comprehensively
reviewed and updated since September 26, 1991, despite substantial
changes in service delivery in this setting. Additionally, we are
proposing to add the statutory authority citations for sections
1128I(b) and (c) of the Act to include the compliance and ethics
program and Quality Assurance and Performance Improvement (QAPI)
requirements under section 6102 of the Affordable Care Act.
 Alternatives: The requirements for long-term care facilities have
not been comprehensively updated in many years, but the effective and
efficient delivery of health care services has changed substantially in
that time. We could choose not to make any regulatory changes; however,
we believe the changes we are proposing are necessary to ensure the
requirements are consistent with current standards of practice and
continue to meet statutory obligations. They will ensure that residents
receive care that maintains or enhances quality of life and attains or
maintains the resident's highest practicable physical, mental, and
psychosocial well-being.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This proposed rule would implement
comprehensive changes intended to update the current requirements for
long-term care facilities and create new efficiencies and flexibilities
for facilities. In addition, these changes will support improved
resident quality of life and quality of care. Many of the quality of
life improvements we are proposing are grounded in the concepts of
person-centered care and culture change. These changes not only result
in improved quality of life for the resident, but can result in
improvements in the caregiver's quality of work life and in savings to
the facility. Savings can be accrued through reduced turnover,
decreased use of agency labor and decreased worker compensation costs.
Facilities may also benefit from improved bed occupancy rates. As we
move toward publication, estimates of the cost and benefits of these
important initiatives will be included in the rule.
 Risks: None. The proposed requirements in this rule would update
the existing requirements for long-term care facilities to reflect
current standards of practice. In addition, proposed changes would
provide added flexibility to providers, improve efficiency and
effectiveness, enhance resident quality of care and quality of life,
and potentially improve clinical outcomes.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Ronisha Davis, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Clinical Standards and Quality, Mail Stop
S3-02-01, 7500 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-
6882, Email: ronisha.davis@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AR61.

HHS--CMS

61. Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008; The
Application to Medicaid Managed Care, Chip, And Alternative Benefit
Plans (CMS-2333-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 1302; Pub. L. 110-343; Pub. L. 111-148,
Sec 2001
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 438; 42 CFR 440; 42 CFR 456; 42 CFR 457.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would address the requirements under
the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction
Equity Act of 2008 (MHPAEA) to Medicaid Alternative Benefit Plans
(ABPs), Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Medicaid
managed care organizations (MCOs).
 Statement of Need: A final rule implementing MHPAEA was published
in the Federal Register on November 13, 2013. These final MHPAEA
provisions do not apply to Medicaid MCOs, ABPs, or CHIP State plans.
This rule proposes to address how MHPAEA requirements, including those
implemented in the November 13, 2013, final rule, apply to MCOs, ABPs,
and CHIP.
 Summary of Legal Basis: There are several statutes that are
directly related to MHPAEA application to Medicaid. These include the
MHPAEA, sections 511 and 512 of the Tax Extenders and Alternative
Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008, the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (ERISA), the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act), and the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Code). Section 2103(c) of the Social
Security Act (the Act) added paragraph (6), which incorporates, by
reference, provisions added to section 2705 of the Public Health
Service Act (PHSA) to apply MHPAEA to CHIP. Finally, the

[[Page 76526]]

Affordable Care Act expanded the application of MHPAEA to benefits in
Medicaid ABPs.
 Alternatives: None. A rule is needed to address the provisions of
MHPAEA as they apply to Medicaid benchmark and benchmark-equivalent,
CHIP, and MCOs.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As we move toward publication,
estimates of the cost and benefits of these provisions will be included
in the rule.
 Risks: None. This rule approaches the application of MHPAEA to
Medicaid MCOs, ABPs, and CHIP by building upon the policies set forth
in the final MHPAEA regulation. Our goal is to align as much as
possible with the approach taken in the final MHPAEA regulation in
order to avoid confusion or conflict, while remaining true to the
intent of the MHPAEA statute and the Medicaid program and CHIP.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: John O'Brien, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicaid and CHIP Services, MS: S2-14-26,
7500 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-5529, Email:
john.o'brien3@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS24

HHS--CMS

62. Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Programs--Stage 3 (CMS-
3310-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-5, title IV of Division B
 CFR Citation: 45 CFR 170; 42 CFR 412; 42 CFR 413; 42 CFR 495.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would establish policies related to
Stage 3 of meaningful use for the Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentive
Programs. Stage 3 will focus on improving health care outcomes and
further advance interoperability.
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to implement the
provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) that
provide incentive payments to eligible professionals (EPs), eligible
hospitals, and critical access hospitals (CAHs) participating in
Medicare and Medicaid programs that adopt and meaningfully use
certified EHR technology. The rule specifies applicable criteria for
demonstrating Stage 3 of meaningful use.
 Summary of Legal Basis: ARRA amended titles XVIII and XIX of the
Social Security Act (the Act) to authorize incentive payments to EPs,
eligible hospitals, CAHs, and Medicare Advantage (MA) Organizations to
promote the adoption and meaningful use of certified EHR technology.
 Alternatives: None. In this proposed rule, CMS will implement Stage
3, another stage of the Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentive Program as
required by ARRA. We are proposing the Stage 3 criteria that EP's,
eligible hospitals, and CAHs must meet in order to successfully
demonstrate meaningful use under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR
Incentive Programs, focusing on advanced use of EHR technology to
promote improved outcomes for patients. Stage 3 will also propose
changes to the reporting period, timelines, and structure of the
program, including providing a single definition of meaningful use.
These changes will provide a flexible, yet, clearer framework to ensure
future sustainability of the EHR program and reduce confusion stemming
from multiple stage requirements.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 We expect that benefits to the program will accrue in the form of
savings to Medicare through the Medicare payment adjustments. Expected
qualitative benefits, such as improved quality of care and better
health outcomes are unable to be quantified at this time, but we
believe that savings will likely result from reductions in the cost of
providing care.
 Risks: CMS anticipates many positive effects of adopting EHR on
health care providers, apart from the incentive payments to be provided
under this proposed rule. We believe there are benefits that can be
obtained by eligible hospitals and EPs, including: Reductions in
medical recordkeeping costs, reductions in repeat tests, decreases in
length of stay, and reduced errors. When used effectively, EHRs can
enable providers to deliver health care more efficiently. For example,
EHRs can reduce the duplication of diagnostic tests, prompt providers
to prescribe cost effective generic medications, remind patients about
preventive care, reduce unnecessary office visits, and assist in
managing complex care.
 We are working with the Office of the National Coordinator for
Health Information Technology to ensure that the Stage 3 meaningful use
definition coordinates with the standards and certification
requirements being proposed and that there is sufficient time to
upgrade and implement these changes. Stage 2 has been extended so that
Stage 3 will not begin until 2017.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Elizabeth S. Holland, Director, HIT Initiatives
Group, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Mail Stop S2-26-17, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410-786-1309, Email:
elizabeth.holland@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS26

HHS--CMS

63. CY 2016 Revisions to Payment Policies Under the Physician
Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Medicare Part B (CMS-1631-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Social Security Act, secs 1102, 1871, 1848
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise payment polices
under the Medicare physician fee schedule, and make other policy
changes to payment under Medicare Part B. These changes would apply to
services furnished beginning January 1, 2016.
 Statement of Need: The statute requires that we establish each
year, by regulation, payment amounts for all physicians' services
furnished in all fee schedule areas. This rule would implement changes
affecting Medicare Part B payment to physicians and other Part B
suppliers. The final rule has a statutory publication date of November
1, 2015, and an implementation date of January 1, 2016.

[[Page 76527]]

Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1848 of the Social Security Act
(the Act) establishes the payment for physician services provided under
Medicare. Section 1848 of the Act imposes an annual deadline of no
later than November 1 for publication of the final rule or final
physician fee schedule.
 Alternatives: None. This implements a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for CY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, physician
services will not be paid appropriately, beginning January 1, 2016.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Bryant, Director, Division of Practitioner
Services, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare
& Medicaid Services, Mail Stop C4-01-27, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-3448, Email:
kathy.bryant@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS40

HHS--CMS

64. Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment System for Acute
Care Hospitals and the Long-Term Care Hospital Prospective Payment
System and FY 2016 Rates (CMS-1632-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 1886(d) of the Social Security Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2015.
 Final, Statutory, August 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise the Medicare
hospital inpatient and long-term care hospital prospective payment
systems for operating and capital-related costs. This proposed rule
would implement changes arising from our continuing experience with
these systems.
 Statement of Need: CMS annually revises the Medicare hospital
inpatient prospective payment systems (IPPS) for operating and capital-
related costs to implement changes arising from our continuing
experience with these systems. In addition, we describe the proposed
changes to the amounts and factors used to determine the rates for
Medicare hospital inpatient services for operating costs and capital-
related costs. Also, CMS annually updates the payment rates for the
Medicare prospective payment system (PPS) for inpatient hospital
services provided by long-term care hospitals (LTCHs). The rule
solicits comments on the proposed IPPS and LTCH payment rates and new
policies. CMS will issue a final rule containing the payment rates for
the FY 2016 IPPS and LTCHs at least 60 days before October 1, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Social Security Act (the Act) sets
forth a system of payment for the operating costs of acute care
hospital inpatient stays under Medicare Part A (Hospital Insurance)
based on prospectively set rates. The Act requires the Secretary to pay
for the capital-related costs of hospital inpatient and long-term care
stays under a PPS. Under these systems, Medicare payment for hospital
inpatient and long-term care operating and capital-related costs is
made at predetermined, specific rates for each hospital discharge.
These changes would be applicable to services furnished on or after
October 1, 2015.
 Alternatives: None. This implements a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for FY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, inpatient
hospital and LTCH services will not be paid appropriately beginning
October 1, 2015.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Donald Thompson, Deputy Director, Division of Acute
Care, Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicare, MS: C4-01-26, 7500 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-6504, Email:
donald.thompson@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS41

HHS--CMS

65. CY 2016 Hospital Outpatient PPS Policy Changes and Payment
Rates and Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System Policy Changes and
Payment Rates (CMS-1633-P)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 1833 of the Social Security Act
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2015.
 Abstract: This annual proposed rule would revise the Medicare
hospital outpatient prospective payment system to implement statutory
requirements and changes arising from our continuing experience with
this system. The proposed rule describes changes to the amounts and
factors used to determine payment rates for services. In addition, the
rule proposes changes to the ambulatory surgical center payment system
list of services and rates.
 Statement of Need: Medicare pays over 4,000 hospitals for
outpatient department services under the hospital outpatient
prospective payment system (OPPS). The OPPS is based on groups of
clinically similar services called ambulatory payment classification
groups (APCs). CMS annually revises the APC payment amounts based on
the most recent claims data, proposes new payment policies, and updates
the payments for inflation using the hospital operating market basket.
Medicare pays roughly 5,000 Ambulatory Surgical Centers (ASCs) under
the ASC payment system. CMS annually revises the payment under the ASC
payment system, proposes new policies, and updates payments for
inflation. CMS will issue a final rule containing the payment rates for
the 2016 OPPS and ASC payment system at least 60 days before January 1,
2016.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1833 of the Social Security Act
establishes Medicare payment for hospital outpatient services and ASC
services. The rule revises the Medicare hospital OPPS and ASC payment
system to implement applicable statutory requirements. In addition, the
rule describes changes to the outpatient APC system, relative payment
weights, outlier adjustments, and other amounts and factors used to
determine the payment rates for Medicare hospital outpatient services
paid under the prospective payment system as well as changes to the
rates and services paid under the ASC payment system. These changes
would be applicable to services furnished on or after January 1, 2016.

[[Page 76528]]

Alternatives: None. This is a statutory requirement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Total expenditures will be adjusted
for CY 2016.
 Risks: If this regulation is not published timely, outpatient
hospital and ASC services will not be paid appropriately beginning
January 1, 2016.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Marjorie Baldo, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Center for Medicare, MS: C4-03-06, 7500 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-4617, Email:
marjorie.baldo@cms.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0938-AS42


HHS--CMS

Final Rule Stage

66. Eligibility Notices, Fair Hearing and Appeal Processes for Medicaid
and Exchange Eligibility Appeals, and Other Eligibility and Enrollment
Provisions (CMS-2334-F2)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 111-148, secs 1411, 1413, 1557, 1943,
2102, 2201, 2004, 2303, et al
 CFR Citation: 42 CFR 430; 42 CFR 431; 42 CFR 433; 42 CFR 435; 42
CFR 457.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Affordable Care Act expands access to health
insurance through improvements in Medicaid; the establishment of
Affordable Insurance Exchanges; and coordination between Medicaid, the
Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Exchanges. This rule
finalizes the remaining provisions proposed in the January 19, 2013,
proposed rule, but not finalized in the July 15, 2013, final rule to
continue our efforts to assist states in implementing Medicaid
eligibility, appeals, and enrollment changes, and other State health
subsidy programs.
 Statement of Need: This final rule will implement provisions of the
Affordable Care Act and the Children's Health Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act of 2009 (CHIPRA). This rule reflects new statutory
eligibility provisions; changes to provide States more flexibility to
coordinate Medicaid and CHIP eligibility notices, appeals, and other
related administrative procedures with similar procedures used by other
health coverage programs authorized under the Affordable Care Act;
modernizes and streamlines existing rules, eliminates obsolete rules,
and updates provisions to reflect Medicaid eligibility pathways;
implements other CHIPRA eligibility-related provisions, including
eligibility for newborns whose mothers were eligible for and receiving
Medicaid or CHIP coverage at the time of birth. With publication of
this final rule, we desire to make our implementing regulations
available to States and the public as soon as possible to facilitate
continued efficient operation of the State flexibility authorized under
section 1937 of the Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Affordable Care Act extends and
simplifies Medicaid eligibility. In the July 15, 2013, Federal
Register, we issued the ``Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance
Programs: Essential Health Benefits in Alternative Benefit Plans,
Eligibility Notices, Fair Hearing and Appeal Processes, and Premiums
and Cost Sharing; Exchanges: Eligibility and Enrollment'' final rule
that finalized certain key Medicaid and CHIP eligibility provisions
included in the January 22, 2013, proposed rule. In this final rule, we
are addressing the remaining provisions of the January 22, 2013,
proposed rule.
 Alternatives: The majority of Medicaid and CHIP eligibility
provisions proposed in this rule serve to implement the Affordable Care
Act. All of the provisions in this final rule are a result of the
passage of the Affordable Care Act and are largely self-implementing.
Therefore, alternatives considered for this final rule were constrained
due to the statutory provisions.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The March 23, 2012 Medicaid
eligibility final rule detailed the impact of the Medicaid eligibility
changes related to implementation of the Affordable Care Act. The
majority of provisions included in this final rule were described in
detail in that rule, but in summary, we estimate a total savings of
$465 million over 5 years, including $280 million in cost savings to
the Federal Government and $185 million in savings to States.
 Risks: None. Delaying publication of this final rule delays states
from moving forward with implementing changes to Medicaid and CHIP, and
aligning operations between Medicaid, CHIP and the Exchanges.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Final Action........................ 11/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Sarah DeLone, Health Insurance Specialist,
Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services, Mail Stop S2-01-16, 7500 Security Boulevard,
Baltimore, MD 21244, Phone: 410 786-0615, Email:
sarah.delone@cms.hhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 0938-AR04.
 RIN: 0938-AS27

HHS--ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES (ACF)

Final Rule Stage

67. Child Care and Development Fund Reforms To Support Child
Development and Working Families

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Sec 658E and other provisions of the Child Care
and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, as amended
 CFR Citation: 45 CFR 98.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would provide the first comprehensive update of
Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) regulations since 1998. It would
make changes in four key areas: (1) Improving health and safety; (2)
improving the quality of child care; (3) establishing family-friendly
policies; and (4) strengthening program integrity. The rule seeks to
retain much of the flexibility afforded to States, territories, and
tribes consistent with the nature of a block grant.
 Statement of Need: The CCDF program has far-reaching implications
for America's poorest children. It provides child care assistance to
1.6 million children from nearly 1 million low-income working families
and families who are attending school or job training. Half of the
children served are living at or below poverty level. In addition,
children who receive CCDF are cared for alongside children who do not
receive CCDF, by approximately

[[Page 76529]]

570,000 participating child care providers, some of whom lack basic
assurances needed to ensure children are safe, healthy, and learning.
Since 1996, a body of research has demonstrated the importance of the
early years on brain development and has shown that high-quality,
consistent child care can positively impact later success in school and
life. This is especially true for low-income children who face a school
readiness and achievement gap and can benefit the most from high-
quality early learning environments. In light of this research, many
States, territories, and tribes, working collaboratively with the
Federal Government, have taken important steps over the last 15 years
to make the CCDF program more child-focused and family-friendly;
however, implementation of these evidence-informed practices is uneven
across the country and critical gaps remain. This regulatory action is
needed in order to increase accountability in the CCDF program by
ensuring that all children receiving federally funded child care
assistance are in safe, quality programs that both support their
parent's labor market participation, and help children develop the
tools and skills they need to reach their full potential. A major focus
of this final rule is to raise the bar on quality by establishing a
floor of health and safety standards for child care paid for with
Federal funds. National surveys have demonstrated that most parents
logically assume that their child care providers have had a background
check, have had training in child health and safety, and are regularly
monitored. However, State policies surrounding the training and
oversight of child care providers vary widely. In some States, many
children receiving CCDF subsidies are cared for by providers that have
little to no oversight with respect to compliance with basic standards
designed to safeguard children's well-being, such as first-aid and safe
sleep practices. This can leave children in unsafe conditions, even as
their care is being funded with public dollars. In addition, the final
rule empowers all parents who choose child care, regardless of whether
they receive a Federal subsidy, with better information to make the
best choices for their children. This includes providing parents with
information about the quality of child care providers and making
information about providers' compliance with health and safety
regulations more transparent so that parents can be aware of the safety
track record of providers when it's time to choose child care.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This final regulation is being issued under
the authority granted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services by
the CCDBG Act (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) and section 418 of the Social
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618).
 Alternatives: The Administration for Children and Families
considered a range of approaches to improve early childhood care and
education, including administrative and regulatory action. ACF has
taken administrative actions to recommend that States adopt stronger
health and safety requirements and provided technical assistance to
States. Despite these efforts to assist States in making voluntary
reforms, unacceptable health and safety lapses remain. An alternative
to this rule would be to take no regulatory action or to limit the
nature of the required standards and the degree to which those
standards are prescriptive. ACF believes this rulemaking is the
preferable alternative to ensure children's health and safety and
promote their learning and development.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Changes in this final rule directly
benefit children and parents who use CCDF assistance to pay for child
care. The 1.6 million children who are in child care funded by CCDF
would have stronger protections for their health and safety, which
addresses every parent's paramount concern. All children in the care of
a participating CCDF provider will be safer because that provider is
more knowledgeable about health and safety issues. In addition, the
families of the 12 million children who are served in child care will
benefit from having clear, accessible information about the safety
compliance records and quality indicators of providers available to
them as they make critical choices about where their children will be
cared for while they work. Provisions also will benefit child care
providers by encouraging States to invest in high quality child care
providers and professional development and to take into account quality
when they determine child care payment rates. A primary reason for
revising the CCDF regulations is to better reflect current State and
local practices to improve the quality of child care. Therefore, there
are a significant number of States, territories, and tribes that have
already implemented many of these policies. The cost of implementing
the changes in this final rule will vary depending on a State's
specific situation. ACF does not believe the costs of this final
regulatory action would be economically significant and that the
tremendous benefits to low-income children justify costs associated
with this final rule.
 Risks: Not applicable.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/20/13 78 FR 29422
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/05/13 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: State, Tribal.
 Agency Contact: Andrew Williams, Policy Division Director,
Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children
and Families, Office of Child Care, 370 L'Enfant Promenade SW.,
Washington, DC 20447, Phone: 202 401-4795, Fax: 202 690-5600, Email:
andrew.williams@acf.hhs.gov
 RIN: 0970-AC53
BILLING CODE 4150-24-P

DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY (DHS)

Fall 2014 Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS or Department) was created
in 2003 pursuant to the Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public Law 107-
296. DHS has a vital mission: To secure the Nation from the many
threats we face. This requires the dedication of more than 225,000
employees in jobs that range from aviation and border security to
emergency response, from cybersecurity analyst to chemical facility
inspector. Our duties are wide-ranging, but our goal is clear--keeping
America safe.
 Our mission gives us six main areas of responsibility:
 1. Prevent Terrorism and Enhance Security,
 2. Secure and Manage Our Borders,
 3. Enforce and Administer our Immigration Laws,
 4. Safeguard and Secure Cyberspace,
 5. Ensure Resilience to Disasters, and
 6. Mature and Strengthen DHS
 In achieving these goals, we are continually strengthening our
partnerships with communities, first responders, law enforcement, and
government agencies--at the State, local, tribal, Federal, and
international levels. We are accelerating the deployment of science,
technology, and innovation in order to make America more secure, and we
are becoming

[[Page 76530]]

leaner, smarter, and more efficient, ensuring that every security
resource is used as effectively as possible. For a further discussion
of our main areas of responsibility, see the DHS Web site at
http://www.dhs.gov/our-mission.
 The regulations we have summarized below in the Department's fall
2014 regulatory plan and in the agenda support the Department's
responsibility areas listed above. These regulations will improve the
Department's ability to accomplish its mission.
 The regulations we have identified in this year's fall regulatory
plan continue to address legislative initiatives including, but not
limited to, the following acts: The Implementing Recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act), Public Law 110-53 (Aug. 3,
2007); the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), Public
Law 110-229 (May 8, 2008); the Security and Accountability for Every
Port Act of 2006 (SAFE Port Act), Public Law 109-347 (Oct. 13, 2006);
and the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2009, Public Law 110-329 (Sep. 30, 2008).
 DHS strives for organizational excellence and uses a centralized
and unified approach in managing its regulatory resources. The Office
of the General Counsel manages the Department's regulatory program,
including the agenda and regulatory plan. In addition, DHS senior
leadership reviews each significant regulatory project to ensure that
the project fosters and supports the Department's mission.
 The Department is committed to ensuring that all of its regulatory
initiatives are aligned with its guiding principles to protect civil
rights and civil liberties, integrate our actions, build coalitions and
partnerships, develop human resources, innovate, and be accountable to
the American public.
 DHS is also committed to the principles described in Executive
Orders 13563 and 12866 (as amended). Both Executive Orders direct
agencies to assess the costs and benefits of available regulatory
alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select regulatory
approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential economic,
environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive impacts,
and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance of
quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of harmonizing
rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 Finally, the Department values public involvement in the
development of its regulatory plan, agenda, and regulations, and takes
particular concern with the impact its rules have on small businesses.
DHS and each of its components continue to emphasize the use of plain
language in our notices and rulemaking documents to promote a better
understanding of regulations and increased public participation in the
Department's rulemakings.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), DHS identified the following
regulatory actions as associated with retrospective review and
analysis. Some of the regulatory actions on the below list may be
completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory Plan. You can
find more information about these completed rulemakings in past
publications of the Unified Agenda (search the Completed Actions
sections) on www.reginfo.gov. Some of the entries on this list,
however, are active rulemakings. You can find entries for these
rulemakings on www.regulations.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1601-AA58..................................... Professional Conduct for
 Practitioners Rules and
 Procedures, and
 Representation and
 Appearances.
1615-AB92..................................... Employment Authorization
 for Certain H-4
 Spouses.
1615-AB95..................................... Immigration Benefits
 Business
 Transformation:
 Nonimmigrants; Student
 and Exchange Visitor
 Program.
1615-AC00..................................... Enhancing Opportunities
 for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-
 3 Nonimmigrants and EB-
 1 Immigrants.
1625-AB38..................................... Update to Maritime
 Security.
1625-AB80..................................... Revision to
 Transportation Worker
 Identification
 Credential (TWIC)
 Requirements for
 Mariners.
1651-AA96..................................... Definition of Form I-94
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
1651-AB05..................................... Freedom of Information
 Act (FOIA) Procedures.
1652-AA61..................................... Standardized Vetting,
 Adjudication, and
 Redress Services.
1653-AA44..................................... Amendment to Accommodate
 Process Changes with
 SEVIS II
 Implementation.
1653-AA63..................................... Adjustments to
 Limitations on
 Designated School
 Official Assignment and
 Study By F-2 and M-2
 Nonimmigrants.
1660-AA77..................................... Change in Submission
 Requirements for State
 Mitigation Plans.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

Pursuant to Sections 3 and 4(b) of Executive Order 13609
``Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation'' (May 1, 2012), DHS
has identified the following regulatory actions that have significant
international impacts. Some of the regulatory actions on the below list
may be completed actions. You can find more information about these
completed rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda
(search the Completed Actions sections) on www.reginfo.gov. Some of the
entries on this list, however, are active rulemakings. You can find
entries for these rulemakings on www.regulations.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1625-AB38..................................... Updates to Maritime
 Security.
1651-AA70..................................... Importer Security Filing
 and Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
1651-AA72..................................... Changes to the Visa
 Waiver Program To
 Implement the
 Electronic System for
 Travel Authorization
 (ESTA) Program.
1651-AA98..................................... Amendments to Importer
 Security Filing and
 Additional Carrier
 Requirements.
1651-AA96..................................... Definition of Form I-94
 to Include Electronic
 Format.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76531]]

DHS participates in some international regulatory cooperation
activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to significant
regulations. For example, the U.S. Coast Guard is the primary U.S.
representative to the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and
plays a major leadership role in establishing international standards
in the global maritime community. IMO's work to establish international
standards for maritime safety, security, and environmental protection
closely aligns with the U.S. Coast Guard regulations. As an IMO member
nation, the U.S. is obliged to incorporate IMO treaty provisions not
already part of U.S. domestic policy into regulations for those vessels
affected by the international standards. Consequently, the U.S. Coast
Guard initiates rulemakings to harmonize with IMO international
standards such as treaty provisions and the codes, conventions,
resolutions, and circulars that supplement them.
 Also, President Obama and Prime Minister Harper created the Canada-
U.S. Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) in February 2011. The RCC is
an initiative between both federal governments aimed at pursuing
greater alignment in regulation, increasing mutual recognition of
regulatory practices and establishing smarter, more effective and less
burdensome regulations in specific sectors. The Canada-U.S. RCC
initiative arose out of the recognition that high level, focused, and
sustained effort would be required to reach a more substantive level of
regulatory cooperation. Since its creation in early 2011, the U.S.
Coast Guard has participated in stakeholder consultations with their
Transport Canada counterparts and the public, drafted items for
inclusion in the RCC Action Plan, and detailed work plans for each
included Action Plan item.
 The fall 2014 regulatory plan for DHS includes regulations from DHS
components--including U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
(USCIS), the U.S. Coast Guard (Coast Guard), U.S. Customs and Border
Protection (CBP), the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE),
and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), which have active
regulatory programs. In addition, it includes regulations from the
Department's major offices and directorates such as the National
Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD). Below is a discussion of
the fall 2014 regulatory plan for DHS regulatory components, offices,
and directorates.

United States Citizenship and Immigration Services

U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) administers
immigration benefits and services while protecting and securing our
homeland. USCIS has a strong commitment to welcoming individuals who
seek entry through the U.S. immigration system, providing clear and
useful information regarding the immigration process, promoting the
values of citizenship, and assisting those in need of humanitarian
protection. Based on a comprehensive review of the planned USCIS
regulatory agenda, USCIS will promulgate several rulemakings to
directly support these commitments and goals.
Regulations to Facilitate Retention of High-Skilled Workers
 Employment Authorization for Certain H-4 Dependent Spouses. On May
12, 2014, USCIS published a proposed rule intended to encourage
professionals with high-demand skills to remain in the country and help
spur innovation and growth of U.S. businesses. In the proposed rule,
USCIS proposed to extend eligibility for employment authorization to H-
4 dependent spouses of principal H-1B nonimmigrants who have begun the
process of seeking lawful permanent resident status through employment
and have extended their authorized period of admission or ``stay'' in
the United States under section 104(c) or 106(a) of Public Law 106-313,
also known as the American Competitiveness in the Twenty-First Century
Act of 2000. USCIS plans to issue a final rule in the coming year.
 Enhancing Opportunities for High-Skilled Workers. Also on May 12,
2014, USCIS published a proposed rule intended to encourage and
facilitate the employment and retention of certain high-skilled and
transitional workers. In the proposed rule, USCIS proposed to amend its
regulations relating to the nonimmigrant classifications for specialty
occupation professionals from Chile and Singapore (H-1B1) and from
Australia (E-3), to include these classifications in the list of
classes of aliens authorized for employment incident to status with a
specific employer, to extend automatic employment authorization
extensions with pending extension of stay requests, and to update
filing procedures. USCIS also proposed to amend regulations regarding
continued employment authorization for nonimmigrant workers in the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI)-only Transitional
Worker (CW-1) classification. Finally, USCIS also proposed to amend
regulations related to the immigration classification for employment-
based first preference (EB-1) outstanding professors or researchers to
allow the submission of comparable evidence. USCIS plans to issue a
final rule in the coming year.
Improvements to the Immigration System
 Requirements for Filing Motions and Administrative Appeals. USCIS
will propose to revise the procedural regulations governing appeals and
motions to reopen or reconsider before its Administrative Appeals
Office, and to require that applicants and petitioners exhaust
administrative remedies before seeking judicial review of an
unfavorable decision. The changes proposed by the rule will streamline
the procedures before the Administrative Appeals Office and improve the
efficiency of the adjudication process.
 Regulations Related to the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana
Islands. This final rule amends DHS and Department of Justice (DOJ)
regulations to comply with the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of
2008 (CNRA). The CNRA extends the immigration laws of the United States
to the Consolidated Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). In 2009, USCIS
issued an interim final rule to implement conforming amendments to the
DHS and DOJ regulations. This joint DHS-DOJ final rule titled
``Application of Immigration Regulations to the CNMI'' would finalize
the 2009 interim final rule.
Regulatory Changes Involving Humanitarian Benefits
 Asylum and Withholding Definitions. USCIS plans a regulatory
proposal to amend the regulations that govern asylum eligibility and
refugee status determinations. The amendments are expected to revise
the portions of the existing regulations that deal with determinations
of whether suffered or feared persecution is on account of a protected
ground, the requirements for establishing that the government is unable
or unwilling to protect the applicant, and the definition of membership
in a particular social group. This proposal would provide greater
clarity and consistency in this important area of the law.
 Exception to the Persecution Bar for Asylum, Refugee, or Temporary
Protected Status, and Withholding of Removal. In a joint rulemaking,
DHS and DOJ will propose amendments to existing DHS and DOJ regulations
to resolve ambiguity in the statutory

[[Page 76532]]

language precluding eligibility for asylum, refugee resettlement,
temporary protected status, and withholding or removal of an applicant
who ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the
persecution of others. The proposed rule would provide a limited
exception for persecutory actions taken by the applicant under duress
and would clarify the required level of the applicant's knowledge of
the persecution.
 ``T'' and ``U'' Nonimmigrants. USCIS plans additional regulatory
initiatives related to T nonimmigrants (victims of trafficking) and U
nonimmigrants (victims of criminal activity). Through these regulatory
initiatives, USCIS hopes to provide greater consistency in eligibility
and application requirements for these vulnerable groups, their
advocates, and the community. These rulemakings will contain provisions
to adjust documentary requirements for this vulnerable population and
provide greater clarity to the law enforcement community.
 Special Immigrant Juvenile Petitions. This final rule makes
procedural changes and resolves interpretive issues following statutory
amendments. The Secretary may grant Special Immigrant Juvenile
classification to aliens whose reunification with one or both parents
is not viable due to abuse, neglect, abandonment, or a similar basis
found under State law. Such classification can regularize immigration
status for these aliens and allow for adjustment of status to lawful
permanent resident.

United States Coast Guard

The U.S. Coast Guard (Coast Guard) is a military, multi-mission,
maritime service of the United States and the only military
organization within DHS. It is the principal federal agency responsible
for maritime safety, security, and stewardship and delivers daily value
to the Nation through multi-mission resources, authorities, and
capabilities.
 Effective governance in the maritime domain hinges upon an
integrated approach to safety, security, and stewardship. The Coast
Guard's policies and capabilities are integrated and interdependent,
delivering results through a network of enduring partnerships. The
Coast Guard's ability to field versatile capabilities and highly-
trained personnel is one of the U.S. Government's most significant and
important strengths in the maritime environment.
 America is a maritime nation, and our security, resilience, and
economic prosperity are intrinsically linked to the oceans. Safety,
efficient waterways, and freedom of transit on the high seas are
essential to our well-being. The Coast Guard is leaning forward, poised
to meet the demands of the modern maritime environment. The Coast Guard
creates value for the public through solid prevention and response
efforts. Activities involving oversight and regulation, enforcement,
maritime presence, and public and private partnership foster increased
maritime safety, security, and stewardship.
 The statutory responsibilities of the Coast Guard include ensuring
marine safety and security, preserving maritime mobility, protecting
the marine environment, enforcing U.S. laws and international treaties,
and performing search and rescue. The Coast Guard supports the
Department's overarching goals of mobilizing and organizing our Nation
to secure the homeland from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and
other emergencies. The rulemaking projects identified for the Coast
Guard in the Unified Agenda, and the rules appearing in the fall 2014
Regulatory Plan below, contribute to the fulfillment of those
responsibilities and reflect our regulatory policies.
 Vessel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and
Automatic Identification System. The Coast Guard intends to expand the
applicability of notice of arrival and departure (NOAD) and automatic
identification system (AIS) requirements to include more commercial
vessels. This rule, once final, would expand the applicability of
notice of arrival (NOA) requirements to include additional vessels,
establish a separate requirement for certain vessels to submit notices
of departure (NOD), set forth a mandatory method for electronic
submission of NOA and NOD, and modify related reporting content,
timeframes, and procedures. This rule would also extend the
applicability of AIS requirements beyond Vessel Traffic Service (VTS)
areas and require additional commercial vessels install and use AIS.
These changes are intended to improve navigation safety, enhance our
ability to identify and track vessels, and heighten the Coast Guard's
overall maritime domain awareness, thus helping the Coast Guard address
threats to maritime transportation safety and security and mitigate the
possible harm from such threats.
 Inspection of Towing Vessels. The Coast Guard has proposed
regulations governing the inspection of towing vessels, including an
optional towing safety management system (TSMS). The regulations for
this large class of vessels would establish operations, lifesaving,
fire protection, machinery and electrical systems and equipment, and
construction and arrangement standards for towing vessels. This
rulemaking would also set standards for the optional TSMS and related
third-party organizations, as well as procedures for obtaining a
certificate of inspection under either the TSMS or Coast Guard annual-
inspection option. This rulemaking would implement section 415 of the
Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004. The intent of this
rulemaking, which would establish a new subchapter dedicated to towing
vessels, is to promote safer work practices and reduce towing vessel
casualties.
 Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC)--Reader
Requirements. In accordance with the Maritime Transportation Safety Act
of 2002 (MTSA) and the Security and Accountability For Every Port Act
of 2006 (SAFE Port Act), the Coast Guard is establishing rules
requiring electronic TWIC readers at high-risk vessels and facilities.
These rules would ensure that prior to being granted unescorted access
to a designated secure area at a high-risk vessel or facility: (1) The
individual will have his or her TWIC electronically authenticated; (2)
the status of the individual's credential will be electronically
validated against an up-to-date list maintained by the TSA; and (3) the
individual's identity will be electronically confirmed by comparing his
or her fingerprint with a biometric template stored on the credential.
By promulgating these rules, the Coast Guard seeks to improve security
at the highest risk vessels and facilities with broader use of
electronic inspection of biometric credentials.

United States Customs and Border Protection

U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is the federal agency
principally responsible for the security of our Nation's borders, both
at and between the ports of entry and at official crossings into the
United States. CBP must accomplish its border security and enforcement
mission without stifling the flow of legitimate trade and travel. The
primary mission of CBP is its homeland security mission, that is, to
prevent terrorists and terrorist weapons from entering the United
States. An important aspect of this priority mission involves improving
security at our borders and ports of entry, but it also means extending
our zone of security beyond our physical borders.
 CBP is also responsible for administering laws concerning the
importation into the United States of goods, and enforcing the laws
concerning the entry of persons into the

[[Page 76533]]

United States. This includes regulating and facilitating international
trade; collecting import duties; enforcing U.S. trade, immigration and
other laws of the United States at our borders; inspecting imports,
overseeing the activities of persons and businesses engaged in
importing; enforcing the laws concerning smuggling and trafficking in
contraband; apprehending individuals attempting to enter the United
States illegally; protecting our agriculture and economic interests
from harmful pests and diseases; servicing all people, vehicles and
cargo entering the United States; maintaining export controls; and
protecting U.S. businesses from theft of their intellectual property.
 In carrying out its priority mission, CBP's goal is to facilitate
the processing of legitimate trade and people efficiently without
compromising security. Consistent with its primary mission of homeland
security, CBP intends to issue several rules during the next fiscal
year that are intended to improve security at our borders and ports of
entry. CBP is also automating some procedures that increase
efficiencies and reduce the costs and burdens to travelers. We have
highlighted some of these rules below.
 Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA). During the next
fiscal year, CBP intends to issue a final rule that will finalize two
Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) rulemakings, the 2008
ESTA interim final rule and the 2010 ESTA fee interim final rule. On
June 9, 2008, CBP published an interim final rule implementing the ESTA
for aliens who wish to enter the United States under the Visa Waiver
Program (VWP) at air or sea ports of entry. This rule was intended to
fulfill the requirements of section 711 of the Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). The rule
established ESTA and required that each alien traveling to the United
States under the VWP must obtain electronic travel authorization via
the ESTA System in advance of such travel. VWP travelers may obtain the
required ESTA authorization by electronically submitting to CBP
biographic and other information that was previously submitted to CBP
via the I-94W Nonimmigrant Alien Arrival/Departure Form (I-94W). ESTA
became mandatory on January 12, 2009. Therefore, VWP travelers must
either obtain travel authorization in advance of travel under ESTA or
obtain a visa prior to traveling to the United States. On August 9,
2010, CBP published an interim final rule amending the ESTA regulations
to require ESTA applicants to pay a congressionally mandated fee which
is the sum of two amounts, a $10.00 travel promotion fee for an
approved ESTA and a $4.00 operational fee for the use of ESTA set by
the Secretary of Homeland Security to at least ensure the recovery of
the full costs of providing and administering the ESTA system.
 Importer Security Filing and Additional Carrier Requirements. On
November 25, 2008, CBP published an interim final rule amending CBP
regulations to require carriers and importers to provide to CBP, via a
CBP approved electronic data interchange system, information necessary
to enable CBP to identity high-risk shipments to prevent smuggling and
ensure cargo safety and security. This rule, which became effective on
January 26, 2009, improves CBP risk assessment and targeting
capabilities, facilitates the prompt release of legitimate cargo
following its arrival in the United States, and assists CBP in
increasing the security of the global trading system. To increase the
accuracy and reliability of the advance information, CBP intends to
publish a notice of proposed rulemaking during the next fiscal year
that proposes some changes to the current importer security filing
regulations.
 Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS). The Trade Act of 2002, as
amended, authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to promulgate
regulations providing for the transmission to CBP through an electronic
data interchange system, of information pertaining to cargo to be
brought into the United States or to be sent from the United States,
prior to the arrival or departure of the cargo. The cargo information
required is that which the Secretary determines to be reasonably
necessary to ensure cargo safety and security. CBP's current Trade Act
regulations pertaining to air cargo require the electronic submission
of various advance data to CBP no later than either the time of
departure of the aircraft for the United States (from specified
locations) or four hours prior to arrival in the United States for all
other locations. CBP intends to propose amendments to these regulations
to implement the Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS) program. To improve
CBP's risk assessment and targeting capabilities and to enable CBP to
target, and identify risky cargo prior to departure of the aircraft to
the United States, ACAS would require the submission of certain of the
advance electronic information for air cargo as early as practicable
but no later than prior to loading the cargo onto an aircraft destined
to or transiting through the United States at the last foreign port of
departure. CBP, in conjunction with TSA, has been operating ACAS as a
voluntary pilot program since 2010 and would like to implement ACAS as
a regulatory program.
 Implementation of the Guam-Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana
Islands (CNMI) Visa Waiver Program. CBP published an interim final rule
in November 2008 amending the DHS regulations to replace the current
Guam Visa Waiver Program with a new Guam-Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands (CNMI) Visa Waiver Program. This rule implements
portions of the Consolidated National Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA),
which extends the immigration laws of the United States to the CNMI and
among others things, provides for a visa waiver program for travel to
Guam and the CNMI. The amended regulations set forth the requirements
for nonimmigrant visitors who seek admission for business or pleasure
and solely for entry into and stay on Guam or the CNMI without a visa.
The rule also establishes six ports of entry in the CNMI for purposes
of administering and enforcing the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. CBP
intends to issue a final rule during the next fiscal year.
 Definition of Form I-94 to Include Electronic Format. DHS issues
the Form I-94 to certain aliens and uses the Form I-94 for various
purposes such as documenting status in the United States, the approved
length of stay, and departure. DHS generally issues the Form I-94 to
aliens at the time they lawfully enter the United States. On March 27,
2013, CBP published an interim final rule amending existing regulations
to add a new definition of the term ``Form I-94.'' The new definition
includes the collection of arrival/departure and admission or parole
information by DHS, whether in paper or electronic format. The
definition also clarified various terms that are associated with the
use of the Form I-94 to accommodate an electronic version of the Form
I-94. The rule also added a valid, unexpired nonimmigrant DHS admission
or parole stamp in a foreign passport to the list of documents
designated as evidence of alien registration. These revisions enabled
DHS to transition to an automated process whereby DHS creates a Form I-
94 in an electronic format based on passenger, passport and visa
information that DHS obtains electronically from air and sea carriers
and the Department of State as well as through the inspection process.
CBP intends to publish a final rule during the next fiscal year.
 In addition to the regulations that CBP issues to promote DHS's
mission, CBP

[[Page 76534]]

also issues regulations related to the mission of the Department of the
Treasury. Under section 403(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002,
the former-U.S. Customs Service, including functions of the Secretary
of the Treasury relating thereto, transferred to the Secretary of
Homeland Security. As part of the initial organization of DHS, the
Customs Service inspection and trade functions were combined with the
immigration and agricultural inspection functions and the Border Patrol
and transferred into CBP. It is noted that certain regulatory authority
of the U.S. Customs Service relating to customs revenue function was
retained by the Department of the Treasury (see the Department of the
Treasury Regulatory Plan). In addition to its plans to continue issuing
regulations to enhance border security, CBP, during fiscal year 2015,
expects to continue to issue regulatory documents that will facilitate
legitimate trade and implement trade benefit program. CBP regulations
regarding the customs revenue function are discussed in the Regulatory
Plan of the Department of the Treasury.

Federal Emergency Management Agency

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) does not have any
significant regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

Federal Law Enforcement Training Center

The Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) does not have
any significant regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement

ICE is the principal criminal investigative arm of the Department
of Homeland Security and one of the three Department components charged
with the civil enforcement of the Nation's immigration laws. Its
primary mission is to protect national security, public safety, and the
integrity of our borders through the criminal and civil enforcement of
Federal law governing border control, customs, trade, and immigration.
During fiscal year 2015, ICE will focus rulemaking efforts on
implementing and planning improvements in the area of student and
exchange visitor programs and to advance initiatives related to F-1 and
M-1 nonimmigrant students.
 Adjustments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment
and Study by F-2 and M-2 Nonimmigrants. On November 21, 2013, DHS
published a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the regulatory cap
on the number of designated school officials (DSOs) that may be
nominated for the oversight of each school's campus(es) where F-1 and/
or M-1 students are enrolled. Currently, schools are limited to ten
DSOs per school or per campus in a multi-campus school. In addition,
the proposed rule sought to modify the regulatory restrictions placed
on the dependents of an F-1 or M-1 student, to permit F-2 and M-2
nonimmigrants to enroll in less than a full course of study at a school
certified by the ICE Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). ICE
intends to issue a final rule in FY 2015. ICE believes that, in many
circumstances, elimination of a DSO limit may improve the capability of
DSOs to meet their liaison, reporting, and oversight responsibilities.
In addition, ICE recognizes that there is increasing global competition
to attract the best and brightest international students to study in
our schools. Allowing a more flexible approach to permit F-2 and M-2
spouses and children to engage in less than a full course of study at
SEVP-certified schools will provide a greater incentive for
international students to travel to the United States for their
education.

National Protection and Programs Directorate

The National Protection and Programs Directorate's (NPPD) vision is
a safe, secure, and resilient infrastructure where the American way of
life can thrive. NPPD leads the national effort to protect and enhance
the resilience of the nation's physical and cyber infrastructure.
 Ammonium Nitrate Security Program. Recognizing both the economic
importance of ammonium nitrate and the fact that ammonium nitrate is
susceptible to use by terrorists in explosive devices, Congress, in
section 563 of the Fiscal Year 2008 DHS Appropriations Act, granted DHS
the authority to ``regulate the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate
by an ammonium nitrate facility . . . to prevent the misappropriation
or use of ammonium nitrate in an act of terrorism.'' The statute
directs DHS to promulgate regulations requiring potential buyers and
sellers of ammonium nitrate to register with DHS, in order to obtain
ammonium nitrate registration numbers from DHS. The statute also
requires DHS to screen each applicant against the Terrorist Screening
Database. The statute also requires sellers of ammonium nitrate to
verify the identities of those individuals seeking to purchase ammonium
nitrate; to record certain information about each sale or transfer of
ammonium nitrate; and to report thefts and losses of ammonium nitrate
to federal authorities.
 On October 29, 2008, DHS published an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) for a Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate Program.
DHS reviewed the public comments and, on August 3, 2011, published a
notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM). DHS received comment on the NPRM
until December 1, 2011, and is now reviewing and adjudicating the
public comments in order to develop a final rule. The final rule is
intended to aid the Federal Government in its efforts to protect
against the misappropriation of ammonium nitrate for use in acts of
terrorism and to limit terrorists' abilities to threaten the Nation's
critical infrastructure and key resources. By protecting the Nation's
supply of ammonium nitrate through the implementation of this rule, it
will be more difficult for terrorists to obtain ammonium nitrate
materials for use in terrorist acts.

Transportation Security Administration

The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) protects the
Nation's transportation systems to ensure freedom of movement for
people and commerce. TSA is committed to continuously setting the
standard for excellence in transportation security through its people,
processes, and technology as we work to meet the immediate and long-
term needs of the transportation sector.
 In fiscal year 2014, responding to new legislative mandates in the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, Pub. L. 113-67 (Dec. 26, 2013) TSA
published two statutorily-required regulations: One that restructured
the fee imposed on passengers (known as the September 11th Security
Fee) and another that repealed TSA's authority to impose a fee on air
carriers (known as the Aviation Security Infrastructure Fee).
 In fiscal year 2015, TSA will promote the DHS mission by
emphasizing regulatory efforts that allow TSA to better identify,
detect, and protect against threats against various modes of the
transportation system, while facilitating the efficient movement of the
traveling public, transportation workers, and cargo.
 Passenger Screening Using Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT). TSA
intends to issue a final rule to amend its civil aviation regulations
to address whether screening and inspection of an individual, conducted
to control access to the sterile area of an airport or to an aircraft,
may include the use of advanced imaging technology (AIT).

[[Page 76535]]

TSA published an NPRM on March 26, 2012, to comply with the decision
rendered by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District Columbia Circuit
in Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) v. U.S. Department of
Homeland Security on July 15, 2011. 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011). The
Court directed TSA to conduct notice and comment rulemaking on the use
of AIT in the primary screening of passengers.
 Security Training for Surface Mode Employees. TSA will propose
regulations to enhance the security of several non-aviation modes of
transportation. In particular, TSA will propose regulations requiring
freight railroad carriers, public transportation agencies (including
rail mass transit and bus systems), passenger railroad carriers, and
over-the-road bus operators to conduct security training for front line
employees. This regulation would implement sections 1408 (Public
Transportation), 1517 (Freight Railroads), and 1534(a) (Over-the-Road-
Buses) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act
of 2007 (9/11 Act). In compliance with the definitions of frontline
employees in the pertinent provisions of the 9/11 Act, the notice of
proposed rulemaking (NPRM) would propose to define which employees are
required to undergo training. This NPRM would also propose definitions
for transportation of security-sensitive materials as required by
section 1501 of the 9/11 Act.
 Standardized Vetting, Adjudication, and Redress Process and Fees.
TSA is developing a proposed rule to revise and standardize the
procedures, adjudication criteria, and fees for most of the security
threat assessments (STAs) of individuals that TSA conducts. TSA is
considering a proposal that would include procedures for conducting
STAs for transportation workers from almost all modes of
transportation, including those covered under the 9/11 Act. In
addition, TSA will propose equitable fees to cover the cost of the STAs
and credentials for some personnel. TSA plans to identify new
efficiencies in processing STAs and ways to streamline existing
regulations by simplifying language and removing redundancies. As part
of this proposed rule, TSA will propose revisions to the Alien Flight
Student Program (AFSP) regulations. TSA published an interim final rule
for the AFSP on September 20, 2004. TSA regulations require aliens
seeking to train at Federal Aviation Administration-regulated flight
schools to complete an application and undergo an STA prior to
beginning flight training. There are four categories under which
students currently fall; the nature of the STA depends on the student's
category. TSA is considering changes to the AFSP that would improve
equity among fee payers and enable the implementation of new
technologies to support vetting.

United States Secret Service

The United States Secret Service does not have any significant
regulatory actions planned for fiscal year 2015.

DHS Regulatory Plan for Fiscal Year 2015

A more detailed description of the priority regulations that
comprise DHS's fall 2014 regulatory plan follows.

DHS--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY (OS)

Final Rule Stage

68. Ammonium Nitrate Security Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-161, 2008 Consolidated Appropriations
Act, sec. 563, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate
 CFR Citation: 6 CFR 31
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, May 26, 2008, Publication of
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. Final, Statutory, December 26, 2008,
Publication of Final Rule.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will implement the December 2007
amendment to the Homeland Security Act entitled ``Secure Handling of
Ammonium Nitrate.'' The amendment requires the Department of Homeland
Security to ``regulate the sale and transfer of ammonium nitrate by an
ammonium nitrate facility . . . to prevent the misappropriation or use
of ammonium nitrate in an act of terrorism.''
 Statement of Need: Pursuant to section 563 of the 2008 Consolidated
Appropriations Act, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate,
Public Law 110-161, the Department of Homeland Security is required to
promulgate a rulemaking to create a registration regime for certain
buyers and sellers of ammonium nitrate. This rule would create that
regime, and would aid the Federal Government in its efforts to protect
against the misappropriation of ammonium nitrate for use in acts of
terrorism. By protecting against such misappropriation, this rule could
limit terrorists' abilities to threaten the public and to threaten the
Nation's critical infrastructure and key resources. By securing the
Nation's supply of ammonium nitrate, it should be much more difficult
for terrorists to obtain ammonium nitrate materials for use in
improvised explosive devices. As a result, there is a direct value in
the deterrence of a catastrophic terrorist attack using ammonium
nitrate, such as the Oklahoma City attack that killed over 160 and
injured 853 people.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 563 of the 2008 Consolidated
Appropriations Act, subtitle J--Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate,
Public Law 110-161, authorizes and requires this rulemaking.
 Alternatives: The Department considered several alternatives when
developing the Ammonium Nitrate Security Program proposed rule. The
alternatives considered were: (a) Register individuals applying for an
AN registered user number using a paper application (via facsimile or
the U.S. mail) rather than through in person application at a local
cooperative extension office or only through a Web-based portal; (b)
verify AN purchasers through both an Internet-based verification portal
and call center rather than only a verification portal or call center;
(c) communicate with applicants for an AN registered user number
through U.S. Mail rather than only through email or a secure Web-based
portal; (d) establish a specific capability within the Department to
receive, process, and respond to reports of theft or loss rather than
leverage a similar capability which already exists with the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF); (e) require AN
facilities to maintain records electronically in a central database
provided by the Department rather than providing flexibility to the AN
facility to maintain their own records either in paper or
electronically; (f) require agents to register with the Department
prior to the sale or transfer of ammonium nitrate involving an agent
rather than allow oral confirmation of the agent with the AN purchaser
on whose behalf the agent is working; and (g) exempt explosives from
this regulation rather than not exempting them. As part of its notice
of proposed rulemaking, the Department sought public comment on the
numerous alternative ways in which the Department could carry out the
requirements of the Secure Handling of Ammonium Nitrate provisions of
the Homeland Security Act.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In its proposed rule, the Department

[[Page 76536]]

estimated the number of entities that purchase ammonium nitrate to
range from 64,950 to 106,200. These purchasers include farms,
fertilizer mixers, farm supply wholesalers and cooperatives (co-ops),
golf courses, landscaping services, explosives distributors, mines,
retail garden centers, and lab supply wholesalers. The Department
estimated the number of entities that sell ammonium nitrate to be
between 2,486 and 6,236, many of which are also purchasers. These
sellers include ammonium nitrate fertilizer and explosive
manufacturers, fertilizer mixers, farm supply wholesalers and co-ops,
retail garden centers, explosives distributors, fertilizer applicator
services, and lab supply wholesalers. Individuals or firms that provide
transportation services within the distribution chain may be
categorized as sellers, agents, or facilities depending upon their
business relationship with the other parties to the transaction. The
total number of potentially regulated farms and other businesses ranges
from 64,986 to 106,236 (including overlap between the categories). The
cost of the proposed rule ranges from $300 million to $1,041 million
over 10 years at a 7 percent discount rate. The primary estimate is the
mean which is $670.6 million. For comparison, at a 3 percent discount
rate, the cost of the program ranges from $364 million to $1.3 billion
with a primary (mean) estimate of $814 million. The average annualized
cost for the program ranges from $43 million to $148 million (with a
mean of $96 million), also employing a 7 percent discount rate. Because
the value of the benefits of reducing risk of a terrorist attack is a
function of both the probability of an attack and the value of the
consequence, it is difficult to identify the particular risk reduction
associated with the implementation of this rule. These elements and
related qualitative benefits include point of sale identification
requirements and requiring individuals to be screened against the
Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB), resulting in known bad actors
being denied the ability to purchase ammonium nitrate. The Department
of Homeland Security aims to prevent terrorist attacks within the
United States and to reduce the vulnerability of the United States to
terrorism. By preventing the misappropriation or use of ammonium
nitrate in acts of terrorism, this rulemaking will support the
Department's efforts to prevent terrorist attacks and reduce the
Nation's vulnerability to terrorist attacks. This rulemaking is
complementary to other Department programs seeking to reduce the risks
posed by terrorism, including the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism
Standards program (which seeks in part to prevent terrorists from
gaining access to dangerous chemicals) and the Transportation Worker
Identification Credential program (which seeks in part to prevent
terrorists from gaining access to certain critical infrastructure),
among other programs.
 Risks: Explosives containing ammonium nitrate are commonly used in
terrorist attacks. Such attacks have been carried out both domestically
and internationally. The 1995 Murrah Federal Building attack in
Oklahoma City claimed the lives of 167 individuals and demonstrated
firsthand to America how ammonium nitrate could be misused by
terrorists. In addition to the Murrah Building attack, the Provisional
Irish Republican Army used ammonium nitrate as part of its London,
England, bombing campaign in the early 1980s. More recently, ammonium
nitrate was used in the 1998 East African Embassy bombings and in the
November 2003 bombings in Istanbul, Turkey. Additionally, since the
events of 9/11, stores of ammonium nitrate have been confiscated during
raids on terrorist sites around the world, including sites in Canada,
England, India, and the Philippines.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 10/29/08 73 FR 64280
Correction.......................... 11/05/08 73 FR 65783
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 12/29/08
NPRM................................ 08/03/11 76 FR 46908
Notice of Public Meetings........... 10/07/11 76 FR 62311
Notice of Public Meetings........... 11/14/11 76 FR 70366
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/01/11
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Jon MacLaren, Chief, Rulemaking Section, Department
of Homeland Security, National Protection and Programs Directorate,
Infrastructure Security Compliance Division (NPPD/ISCD), 245 Murray
Lane, Mail Stop 0610, Arlington, VA 20598-0610, Phone: 703 235-5263,
Fax: 703 603-4712, Email: jon.m.maclaren@hq.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1601-AA52

DHS--U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES (USCIS)

Proposed Rule Stage

69. Asylum and Withholding Definitions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1158; 8 U.S.C. 1226; 8
U.S.C. 1252; 8 U.S.C. 1282
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 2; 8 CFR 208.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes to amend Department of Homeland
Security regulations that govern eligibility for asylum and withholding
of removal. The amendments focus on portions of the regulations that
deal with the definitions of membership in a particular social group,
the requirements for failure of State protection, and determinations
about whether persecution is inflicted on account of a protected
ground. This rule codifies long-standing concepts of the definitions.
It clarifies that gender can be a basis for membership in a particular
social group. It also clarifies that a person who has suffered or fears
domestic violence may under certain circumstances be eligible for
asylum on that basis. After the Board of Immigration Appeals published
a decision on this issue in 1999, Matter of R-A-, Int. Dec. 3403 (BIA
1999), it became clear that the governing regulatory standards required
clarification. The Department of Justice began this regulatory
initiative by publishing a proposed rule addressing these issues in
2000.
 Statement of Need: This rule provides guidance on a number of key
interpretive issues of the refugee definition used by adjudicators
deciding asylum and withholding of removal (withholding) claims. The
interpretive issues include whether persecution is inflicted on account
of a protected ground, the requirements for establishing the failure of
State protection, and the parameters for defining membership in a
particular social group. This rule will aid in the adjudication of
claims made by applicants whose claims fall outside of the rubric of
the protected grounds of race, religion, nationality, or political
opinion. One example of such claims which often fall within the
particular social group ground concerns people who have suffered or
fear domestic

[[Page 76537]]

violence. This rule is expected to consolidate issues raised in a
proposed rule in 2000 and to address issues that have developed since
the publication of the proposed rule. This rule should provide greater
stability and clarity in this important area of the law. This rule will
also provide guidance to the following adjudicators: USCIS asylum
officers, Department of Justice Executive Office for Immigration Review
(EOIR) immigration judges, and members of the EOIR Board of Immigration
Appeals (BIA).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The purpose of this rule is to provide
guidance on certain issues that have arisen in the context of asylum
and withholding adjudications. The 1951 Geneva Convention relating to
the Status of Refugees contains the internationally accepted definition
of a refugee. United States immigration law incorporates an almost
identical definition of a refugee as a person outside his or her
country of origin ``who is unable or unwilling to return to, and is
unable or unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of,
that country because of persecution or a well-founded fear of
persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a
particular social group, or political opinion.'' Section 101(a)(42) of
the Immigration and Nationality Act.
 Alternatives: A sizable body of interpretive case law has developed
around the meaning of the refugee definition. Historically, much of
this case law has addressed more traditional asylum and withholding
claims based on the protected grounds of race, religion, nationality,
or political opinion. In recent years, however, the United States
increasingly has encountered asylum and withholding applications with
more varied bases, related, for example, to an applicant's gender or
sexual orientation. Many of these new types of claims are based on the
ground of ``membership in a particular social group,'' which is the
least well-defined of the five protected grounds within the refugee
definition.
 On December 7, 2000, DOJ published a proposed rule in the Federal
Register providing guidance on the definitions of ``persecution'' and
``membership in a particular social group.'' Before DHS publishes a new
proposed rule, DHS will consider how the nexus between persecution and
a protected ground might be further conceptualized; how membership in a
particular social group might be defined and evaluated; and what
constitutes a State's inability or unwillingness to protect the
applicant where the persecution arises from a non-State actor. The
alternative to publishing this rule would be to allow the standards
governing this area of law to continue to develop piecemeal through
administrative and judicial precedent. This approach has resulted in
inconsistent and confusing standards, and the Department has therefore
determined that promulgation of the new proposed rule is necessary.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: By providing a clear framework for
key asylum and withholding issues, we anticipate that adjudicators will
have clear guidance, increasing administrative efficiency and
consistency in adjudicating these cases. The rule will also promote a
more consistent and predictable body of administrative and judicial
precedent governing these types of cases. We anticipate that this will
enable applicants to better assess their potential eligibility for
asylum, and to present their claims more efficiently when they believe
that they may qualify, thus reducing the resources spent on
adjudicating claims that do not qualify. In addition, a more consistent
and predictable body of law on these issues will likely result in fewer
appeals, both administrative and judicial, and reduce associated
litigation costs. The Department has no way of accurately predicting
how this rule will impact the number of asylum applications filed in
the United States. Based on anecdotal evidence and on the reported
experience of other nations that have adopted standards under which the
results are similar to those we anticipate for this rule, we do not
believe this rule will cause a change in the number of asylum
applications filed.
 Risks: The failure to promulgate a final rule in this area presents
significant risk of further inconsistency and confusion in the law. The
Government's interests in fair, efficient, and consistent adjudications
would be compromised.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/07/00 65 FR 76588
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/22/01
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: CIS No. 2092-00.
 Transferred from RIN 1115-AF92
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Ted Kim, Deputy Chief, Asylum Division, Office of
Refugee, Asylum, and International Operations, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Suite 6030, Washington, DC 20259, Phone: 202 272-1614, Fax:
202 272-1994, Email: ted.h.kim@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA41

DHS--USCIS

70. New Classification for Victims of Criminal Activity; Eligibility
for the U Nonimmigrant Status

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8
U.S.C. 1101 (note); 8 U.S.C. 1102; Pub. L. 113-4
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 212; 8 CFR 214; 8 CFR
299.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule proposes new application and eligibility
requirements for U nonimmigrant status. The U classification is for
non-U.S. citizen/lawful permanent resident victims of certain crimes
who cooperate with an investigation or prosecution of those crimes.
There is a limit of 10,000 principals per fiscal year. This rule would
propose to establish new procedures to be followed to petition for the
U nonimmigrant classifications. Specifically, the rule would address
the essential elements that must be demonstrated to receive the
nonimmigrant classification, procedures that must be followed to file a
petition and evidentiary guidance to assist in the petitioning process.
Eligible victims would be allowed to remain in the United States if
granted U nonimmigrant status. The Trafficking Victims Protection
Reauthorization Act of 2008, Public Law 110-457, and the Violence
Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA) of 2013, Public Law 113-4,
made amendments to the U nonimmigrant status provisions of the
Immigration and Nationality Act. The Department of Homeland Security
had issued an interim final rule in 2007.
 Statement of Need: This regulation is necessary to allow alien
victims of certain crimes to petition for U nonimmigrant status. U
nonimmigrant status is available to eligible victims of certain
qualifying criminal activity who: (1) Has suffered substantial physical
or mental abuse as a result of the qualifying criminal activity; (2)
the alien possesses information about the crime; (3) the alien has
been, is being, or is likely to be helpful in the investigation

[[Page 76538]]

or prosecution of the crime; and (4) the criminal activity took place
in the United States, including military installations and Indian
country, or the territories or possessions of the United States. This
rule addresses the eligibility requirements that must be met for
classification as a U nonimmigrant alien and implements statutory
amendments to these requirements, streamlines the procedures to
petition for U nonimmigrant status, and provides evidentiary guidance
to assist in the petition process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress created the U nonimmigrant
classification in the Battered Immigrant Women Protection Act of 2000
(BIWPA) to provide immigration relief for alien victims of certain
qualifying criminal activity and who are helpful to law enforcement in
the investigation or prosecution of these crimes.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services and keeping in mind the purpose of the U visa as a law
enforcement tool, DHS is considering and using suggestions from
stakeholders in developing this regulation. These suggestions came in
the form of public comment from the 2007 interim final rule as well as
USCIS' 6 years of experience with the U nonimmigrant status program,
including regular meetings and outreach events with stakeholders and
law enforcement.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: DHS estimated the total annual cost
of the interim rule to petitioners to be $6.2 million in the interim
final rule published in 2007. This cost included the biometric services
fee, the opportunity cost of time needed to submit the required forms,
the opportunity cost of time required and cost of traveling to visit a
USCIS Application Support Center. DHS is currently in the process of
updating our cost estimates since U nonimmigrant visa petitioners are
no longer required to pay the biometric services fee. The anticipated
benefits of these expenditures include assistance to victims of
qualifying criminal activity and their families and increases in
arrests and prosecutions of criminals nationwide. Additional benefits
include heightened awareness by law enforcement of victimization of
aliens in their community, and streamlining the petitioning process so
that victims may benefit from this immigration relief.
 Risks: There is a statutory cap of 10,000 principal U nonimmigrant
visas that may be granted per fiscal year at 8 U.S.C. 1184(p)(2).
Eligible petitioners who are not granted principal U-1 nonimmigrant
status due solely to the numerical limit will be placed on a waiting
list maintained by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
To protect U-1 petitioners and their families, USCIS will use various
means to prevent the removal of U-1 petitioners and their eligible
family members on the waiting list, including exercising its authority
to allow deferred action, parole, and stays of removal, in cooperation
with other DHS components.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 09/17/07 72 FR 53013
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 10/17/07
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 11/17/07
 End.
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Transferred from RIN 1115-AG39.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA67

DHS--USCIS

71. Exception to the Persecution Bar for Asylum, Refugee, and Temporary
Protected Status, and Withholding of Removal

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1158; 8
U.S.C. 1226; Pub. L. 107-26; Pub. L. 110-229.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 1; 8 CFR 207; 8 CFR 208; 8 CFR 240; 8 CFR 244;
8 CFR 1001; 8 CFR 1208; 8 CFR 1240.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This joint rule proposes amendments to Department of
Homeland Security (DHS) and Department of Justice (DOJ) regulations to
describe the circumstances under which an applicant will continue to be
eligible for asylum, refugee, or temporary protected status, special
rule cancellation of removal under the Nicaraguan Adjustment and
Central American Relief Act, and withholding of removal, even if DHS or
DOJ has determined that the applicant's actions contributed, in some
way, to the persecution of others when the applicant's actions were
taken when the applicant was under duress.
 Statement of Need: This rule resolves ambiguity in the statutory
language precluding eligibility for asylum, refugee, and temporary
protected status of an applicant who ordered, incited, assisted, or
otherwise participated in the persecution of others. The proposed
amendment would provide a limited exception for actions taken by the
applicant under duress and clarify the required levels of the
applicant's knowledge of the persecution.
 Summary of Legal Basis: In Negusie v. Holder, 129 S. Ct. 1159
(2009), the Supreme Court addressed whether the persecutor bar should
apply where an alien's actions were taken under duress. DHS believes
that this is an appropriate subject for rulemaking and proposes to
amend the applicable regulations to set out its interpretation of the
statute. In developing this regulatory initiative, DHS has carefully
considered the purpose and history behind enactment of the persecutor
bar, including its international law origins and the criminal law
concepts upon which they are based.
 Alternatives: DHS did consider the alternative of not publishing a
rulemaking on these issues. To leave this important area of the law
without an administrative interpretation would confuse adjudicators and
the public.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The programs affected by this rule
exist so that the United States may respond effectively to global
humanitarian situations and assist people who are in need. USCIS
provides a number of humanitarian programs and protection to assist
individuals in need of shelter or aid from disasters, oppression,
emergency medical issues, and other urgent circumstances. This rule
will advance the humanitarian goals of the asylum/refugee program, and
other specialized programs. The main benefits of such goals tend to be
intangible and difficult to quantify in economic and monetary terms.
These forms of relief have not been available to individuals who
engaged in persecution of others under duress. This rule will allow an
exception to this bar from protection for applicants who can meet the
appropriate evidentiary standard. Consequently, this rule may result in
a small increase in the number of applicants for humanitarian programs.

[[Page 76539]]

To the extent a small increase in applicants occurs, there could be
additional fee costs incurred by these applicants.
 Risks: If DHS were not to publish a regulation, the public would
face a lengthy period of confusion on these issues. There could also be
inconsistent interpretations of the statutory language, leading to
significant litigation and delay for the affected public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Ronald W. Whitney, Deputy Chief, Refugee and Asylum
Law Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Chief Counsel, 20 Massachusetts Avenue
NW., Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 415 293-1244, Fax: 415 293-1269,
Email: ronald.w.whitney@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB89

DHS--USCIS

72. Administrative Appeals Office: Procedural Reforms To Improve
Efficiency

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8
U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1304; 6 U.S.C. 112.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 205; 8 CFR 210; 8 CFR
214; 8 CFR 245a; 8 CFR 320; 8 CFR 105 (new); . . .
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule revises the requirements and
procedures for the filing of motions and appeals before the Department
of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
(USCIS), and its Administrative Appeals Office. The proposed changes
are intended to streamline the existing processes for filing motions
and appeals and will reduce delays in the review and appellate process.
This rule also proposes additional changes necessitated by the
establishment of DHS and its components.
 Statement of Need: This rule proposes to make numerous changes to
streamline the current appeal and motion processes which: (1) Will
result in cost savings to the Government, applicants, and petitioners;
and (2) will provide for a more efficient use of USCIS officer and
clerical staff time, as well as more uniformity with Board of
Immigration Appeals appeal and motion processes.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 5 U.S.C. 301; 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a;
8 U.S.C. 1101 and notes 1102, 1103, 1151, 1153, 1154, 1182, 1184, 1185
note (sec. 7209 of Pub. L. 108-458; title VII of Pub. L. 110-229),
1186a, 1187, 1221,1223, 1225 to 1227, 1255a, and 1255a note, 1281,
1282, 1301 to 1305, 1324a, 1356, 1372, 1379, 1409(c), 1443 to 1444,
1448, 1452, 1455, 1641, 1731 to 1732; 31 U.S.C. 9701; 48 U.S.C. 1901,
1931 note; section 643, Public Law 104-208, 110, Stat. 3009-708;
section 141 of the Compacts of Free Association with the Federated
States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and with
the Government of Palau; title VII of Public Law 110-229; Public Law
107-296, 116 Stat. 2135 (6 U.S.C. 1 et seq.); Public Law 82-414, 66
Stat. 173, 238, 254, 264; title VII of Public Law 110-229; Executive
Order 12356.
 Alternatives: The alternative to this rule would be to continue
under the current process without change.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: As a result of streamlining the
appeal and motion process, DHS anticipates quantitative and qualitative
benefits to DHS and the public. We also anticipate cost savings to DHS
and applicants as a result of the proposed changes.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Previously 1615-AB29 (CIS 2311-04), which
was withdrawn in 2007.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: William K. Renwick, Supervisory Citizenship and
Immigration Appeals Officer, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Administrative Appeals Office,
Washington, DC 20529-2090, Phone: 703 224-4501, Email:
william.k.renwick@uscis.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Duplicate of 1615-AB29
 RIN: 1615-AB98

DHS--USCIS

Final Rule Stage

73. Classification for Victims of Severe Forms of Trafficking in
Persons; Eligibility for T Nonimmigrant Status

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 552; 5 U.S.C. 552a; 8 U.S.C. 1101 to
1104; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1201; 8
U.S.C. 1224 to 1227; 8 U.S.C. 1252 to 1252a; 22 U.S.C. 7101; 22 U.S.C.
7105; Pub. L. 113-4
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 103; 8 CFR 212; 8 CFR 214; 8 CFR 274a; 8 CFR
299.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The T nonimmigrant classification was created by the
Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000, Public Law
106-386. The classification was designed for eligible victims of severe
forms of trafficking in persons who aid law enforcement with their
investigation or prosecution of the traffickers, and who can establish
that they would suffer extreme hardship involving unusual and severe
harm if they were removed from the United States. The rule streamlines
application procedures and responsibilities for the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS) and provides guidance to the public on how to
meet certain requirements to obtain T nonimmigrant status. Several
reauthorizations, including the Violence Against Women Reauthorization
Act of 2013, Public Law 113-4, have made amendments to the T
nonimmigrant status provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
This rule implements those amendments.
 Statement of Need: This rule addresses the essential elements that
must be demonstrated for classification as a T nonimmigrant alien and
implements statutory amendments to these elements, streamlines the
procedures to be followed by applicants to apply for T nonimmigrant
status, and evidentiary guidance to assist in the application process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 107(e) of the Victims of
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 Public Law 106-386, as
amended, established the T classification to provide immigration relief
for certain eligible victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons
who assist law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting
the perpetrators of these crimes.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services, keeping in mind the purpose of the T visa also being a law
enforcement tool, DHS is considering and using suggestions from
stakeholders in

[[Page 76540]]

developing this regulation. These suggestions came in the form of
public comment to the 2002 interim final rule, as well as from over 10
years of experience with the T nonimmigrant status program, including
regular meetings with stakeholders and regular outreach events.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Applicants for T nonimmigrant status
do not pay application or biometric fees. The anticipated benefits of
these expenditures include: Assistance to trafficked victims and their
families, prosecution of traffickers in persons, and the elimination of
abuses caused by trafficking activities. Benefits which may be
attributed to the implementation of this rule are expected to be: (1)
An increase in the number of cases brought forward for investigation
and/or prosecution; (2) heightened awareness by the law enforcement
community of trafficking in persons; and (3) streamlining the
application process for victims.
 Risks: There is a 5,000-person limit to the number of individuals
who can be granted T-1 status per fiscal year. Eligible applicants who
are not granted T-1 status due solely to the numerical limit will be
placed on a waiting list maintained by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS). To protect T-1 applicants and their families, USCIS
will use various means to prevent the removal of T-1 applicants on the
waiting list, and their family members who are eligible for derivative
T status, including its existing authority to grant deferred action,
parole, and stays of removal, in cooperation with other DHS components.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 01/31/02 67 FR 4784
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 03/04/02
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 04/01/02
 End.
Interim Final Rule.................. 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Transferred from RIN 1115-AG19.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AA59

DHS--USCIS

74. Application of Immigration Regulations to the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-229; 8 U.S.C. 1101 and note; 8 U.S.C.
1102; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1182 and note; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C.
1187; 8 U.S.C. 1223; 8 U.S.C. 1225; 8 U.S.C. 1226; 8 U.S.C. 1227; 8
U.S.C. 1255; 8 U.S.C. 1185 note; 8 U.S.C. 48; U.S.C. 1806; 8 U.S.C.
1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1221; 8 U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8
U.S.C. 1301 to 1305 and 1372; Pub. L. 104-208; Pub. L. 106-386;
Compacts of Free Association with the Federated States of Micronesia
and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and with the Government of
Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C. 1901 note and 1931 note; Pub. L. 105-100;
Pub. L. 105-277; 8 U.S.C. 1324a
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 212.4(k)(1) and (2); 8 CFR 214.16(a), (b), (c)
and (d); 8 CFR 245.1(d)(1)(v) and (vi); 8 CFR 274a.12(b)(24); 8 CFR
1245.1(d)(1)(v), (vi), and (vii); 8 CFR part 2
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 28, 2009, Consolidated
Natural Resources Act (CNRA) of 2008. Public Law 110-229, the
Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), was enacted on May
8, 2008. Title VII of this statute extended the provisions of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) to the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI).
 Abstract: This final rule amends the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) regulations to
comply with the CNRA. The CNRA extends the immigration laws of the
United States to the CNMI. This rule finalizes the interim rule and
implements conforming amendments to their respective regulations.
 Statement of Need: This rule finalizes the interim rule to conform
existing regulations with the CNRA. Some of the changes implemented
under the CNRA affect existing regulations governing both DHS
immigration policy and procedures and proceedings before the
immigration judges and the Board. Accordingly, it is necessary to make
amendments both to the DHS regulations and to the DOJ regulations. The
Secretary and the Attorney General are making conforming amendments to
their respective regulations in this single rulemaking document.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress extended the immigration laws of
the United States to the CNMI. The stated purpose of the CNRA is to
ensure effective border control procedures, to properly address
national security and homeland security concerns by extending U.S.
immigration law to the CNMI (phasing-out the CNMI's nonresident
contract worker program while minimizing to the greatest extent
practicable the potential adverse economic and fiscal effects of that
phase-out), to maximize the CNMI's potential for future economic and
business growth, and to assure worker protections from the potential
for abuse and exploitation.
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs: The interim rule established
basic provisions necessary for the application of the INA to the CNMI
and updated definitions and existing DHS and DOJ regulations in areas
that were confusing or in conflict with how they are to be applied to
implement the INA in the CNMI. As such, that rule made no changes that
had identifiable direct or indirect economic impacts that could be
quantified. Benefits: This final rule makes regulatory changes in order
to lessen the adverse impacts of the CNRA on employers and employees in
the CNMI and assist the CNMI in its transition to the INA.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 10/28/09 74 FR 55725
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 11/27/09
 End.
Correction.......................... 12/22/09 74 FR 67969
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: CIS 2460-08.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1615-AB76, Related to 1615-AB75
 RIN: 1615-AB77


[[Page 76541]]

DHS--USCIS

75. Special Immigrant Juvenile Petitions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1151; 8
U.S.C. 1153; 8 U.S.C. 1154.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 204; 8 CFR 205; 8 CFR 245.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to
amend its regulations governing the Special Immigrant Juvenile (SIJ)
classification and related applications for adjustment of status to
permanent resident. The Secretary may grant SIJ classification to
aliens whose reunification with one or both parents is not viable due
to abuse, neglect, abandonment, or a similar basis found under State
law. This proposed rule would require a petitioner to be under the age
of 21 only at the time of filing for SIJ classification. This proposed
rule would require that juvenile court dependency be in effect at the
time of filing for SIJ classification and continue through the time of
adjudication unless the age of the juvenile prevents such continued
dependency. Aliens granted SIJ classification are eligible immediately
to apply for adjustment of status to that of permanent resident. The
Department received comments on the proposed rule in 2011 and intends
to issue a final rule in the coming year.
 Statement of Need: SIJ classification is available to eligible
alien children who: (1) Are present in the United States; (2) have been
declared dependent on a juvenile court or an individual or entity
appointed by a State or juvenile court; (3) cannot reunify with one or
both of the alien's parents due to abuse, abandonment, neglect, or a
similar basis under State law; (4) it is not in the best interest to be
returned to the home country. DHS must also consent to the grant of SIJ
classification. This rule would address the eligibility requirements
that must be met for SIJ classification and related adjustment of
status, implement statutory amendments to these requirements, and
provide procedural and evidentiary guidance to assist in the petition
process.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress established the SIJ classification
in the Immigration Act of 1990 (IMMACT). The 1998 Appropriations Act
amended the SIJ classification by linking eligibility to aliens
declared dependent on a juvenile court due to abuse, abandonment, or
neglect and creating consent functions. The Trafficking Victims
Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 made many changes to the SIJ
classification including: (1) Creating a requirement that the alien's
reunification with one or both parents not be viable due to abuse,
abandonment, neglect, or a similar basis under State law; (2) expanding
the aliens who may be eligible to include those placed by a juvenile
court with an individual or entity; (3) modifying the consent
functions; (4) providing age-out protection; and (5) creating a
timeframe for adjudications.
 Alternatives: To provide victims with immigration benefits and
services, keeping in mind the humanitarian purpose of the SIJ
classification and the vulnerable nature of alien children who have
been abused, abandoned or neglected, DHS is considering and using
suggestions from stakeholders in developing this regulation. These
suggestions came in the form of public comment from the 2011 proposed
rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In the 2011 proposed rule, DHS
estimated there would be no additional regulatory compliance costs for
petitioning individuals or any program costs for the government as a
result of the proposed amendments. Qualitatively, DHS estimated that
the proposed rule would codify the practices and procedures currently
implemented via internal policy directives issued by USCIS, thereby
establishing clear guidance for petitioners. DHS is currently in the
process of updating our final cost and benefit estimates.
 Risks: The failure to promulgate a final rule in this area presents
significant risk of further inconsistency and confusion in the law. The
Government's interests in fair, efficient, and consistent adjudications
would be compromised.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/06/11 76 FR 54978
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/07/11 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Maureen A. Dunn, Chief, Family Immigration and
Victim Protection Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S.
Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20
Massachusetts Avenue NW., Suite 1200, Washington, DC 20529, Phone: 202
272-1470, Fax: 202 272-1480, Email: maureen.a.dunn@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB81

DHS--USCIS

76. Employment Authorization for Certain H-4 Dependent Spouses

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1102; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8
U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C. 1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C.
1221; 8 U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8 U.S.C. 1301 to 1305 and 1372;
Pub. L. 104-208, sec 643; Pub. L. 106-386; Compacts of Free Association
with the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the
Marshall Islands, and with the Government of Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C.
1901 note and 1931 note; 48 U.S.C. 1806; 8 U.S.C. 1324a; Pub. L. 110-
229.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 274a.12(c)(26); 8 CFR part 2; 8 CFR
214.2(h)(9)(iv).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to
amend its regulations by extending the availability of employment
authorization to certain H-4 dependent spouses of principal H-1B
nonimmigrants who have begun the process of seeking lawful permanent
resident status through employment. Allowing the eligible class of H-4
dependent spouses to work encourages professionals with high demand
skills to remain in the country and help spur the innovation and growth
of U.S. companies.
 Statement of Need: Under current regulations, DHS does not list H-4
dependents (spouses and unmarried children under 21) of H-1B
nonimmigrant workers among the classes of aliens eligible to work in
the United States. See 8 CFR 274a.12. The lack of employment
authorization for H-4 dependent spouses often gives rise to personal
and economic hardship for the families of H-1B nonimmigrants the longer
they remain in the United States. In many cases, for those H-1B
nonimmigrants and their families who wish to remain permanently in the
United States, the timeframe required for an H-1B nonimmigrant to
acquire lawful permanent residence through his or her employment may be
many years. As a result, retention of highly educated and highly
skilled nonimmigrant workers in the United States can become
problematic for employers. Retaining highly skilled persons who

[[Page 76542]]

intend to acquire lawful permanent residence is important to the United
States given the contributions of these individuals to the U.S.
economy, including advances in entrepreneurial and research and
development endeavors, which correlate highly with overall economic
growth and job creation. In this rule, DHS proposes to extend
employment authorization to certain H-4 dependent spouses of H-1B
nonimmigrants. DHS believes that this rule would further encourage H-1B
skilled workers to remain in the United States, continue contributing
to the U.S. economy, and not abandon their efforts to become lawful
permanent residents, to the detriment of their U.S. employer, because
their H-4 nonimmigrant spouses are unable to obtain work authorization.
This rule would also remove the disincentive for many H-1B families to
start the immigrant process due to the lengthy waiting periods
associated with acquiring status as a lawful permanent resident of the
United States.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Sections 103(a), and 274A(h)(3) of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) generally authorize the Secretary
to provide for employment authorization for aliens in the United
States. In addition, section 214(a)(1) of the INA authorizes the
Secretary to prescribe regulations setting terms and conditions of
admission of nonimmigrants.
 Alternatives: In enacting the American Competitiveness in the
Twenty-First Century Act of 2000 (AC21), Congress was especially
concerned with avoiding the disruption to U.S. businesses caused by the
required departure of H-1B nonimmigrant workers (for whom the
businesses intended to file employment-based immigrant visa petitions)
upon the expiration of workers' maximum 6-year period of authorized
stay. See S. Rep. No. 106-260, at 15 (2000). DHS rejected this
alternative as overbroad, since such an alternative would offer
eligibility for employment authorization to those spouses of
nonimmigrant workers who have not taken steps to demonstrate a desire
to continue to remain in and contribute to the U.S. economy by seeking
lawful permanent residence.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The changes would impact spouses of
H-1B workers who have been admitted or have extended their stay under
the provisions of AC21 or who have an approved Immigrant Petition for
Alien Worker, Form I-140. This population would include H-4 dependent
spouses of H-1B nonimmigrants if the H-1B nonimmigrants are either the
beneficiaries of an approved Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, Form
I-140, or have been granted an extension of their authorized period of
admission in the United States under the AC21, amended by the 21st
Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act. The
costs of the rule stem from filing fees and the opportunity costs of
time associated with filing an Application for Employment Authorization
for those eligible H-4 spouses who decide to seek employment while
residing in the United States. Allowing certain H-4 spouses the
opportunity to work results in a negligible increase to the overall
domestic labor force. The benefits of this rule would accrue to U.S.
employers and the U.S. economy by increasing the likelihood of
retaining highly-skilled persons who intend to adjust to lawful
permanent resident status. This is important when considering the
contributions of these individuals to the U.S. economy, including
advances in entrepreneurial and research and development endeavors,
which are highly correlated with overall economic growth and job
creation. In addition, the amendments bring U.S. immigration laws more
in line with other countries that seek to attract skilled foreign
workers.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/12/14 79 FR 26886
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/11/14
Final Action........................ 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AB92

DHS--USCIS

77. Enhancing Opportunities for H-1B1, CW-1, and E-3 Nonimmigrants and
EB-1 Immigrants

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1151; 8
U.S.C. 1153; 8 U.S.C. 1154; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C. 1184; 8 U.S.C.
1186a; 8 U.S.C. 1255; 8 U.S.C. 1641; 8 U.S.C. 1187; 8 U.S.C. 1221; 8
U.S.C. 1281; 8 U.S.C. 1282; 8 U.S.C. 1301-1305 and 1372; Pub. L. 104-
208, sec 643; Pub. L. 106-386; Compacts of Free Association with the
Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of Marshall Islands,
and with the Government of Palau, sec 141; 48 U.S.C. 1901 note and 1931
note; Pub. L. 110-229; 8 U.S.C. 1258; 8 U.S.C. 1324a; 48 U.S.C. 1806; 8
U.S.C. 1102
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 204.5(i)(3)(ii)-(iv); 8 CFR 214.1(c)(1); 8 CFR
248.3(a); 8 CFR 274a.12(b)(9), (b)(20), (b)(23)-(25); 8 CFR part 2.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is updating the
regulations to include nonimmigrant high-skilled specialty occupation
professionals from Chile and Singapore (H-1B1) and from Australia (E-3)
in the list of classes of aliens authorized for employment incident to
status with a specific employer, to clarify that H-1B1 and principal E-
3 nonimmigrants are allowed to work without having to separately apply
to DHS for employment authorization. DHS is also amending the
regulations to provide authorization for continued employment with the
same employer if the employer has timely filed for an extension of the
nonimmigrant's stay. DHS is also providing for this same continued work
authorization for Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI)-
Only Transitional Worker (CW-1) nonimmigrants if a Petition for a CNMI-
Only Nonimmigrant Transitional Worker, Form I-129CW, is timely filed to
apply for an extension of stay. In addition, DHS is updating the
regulations describing the filing procedures for extensions of stay and
change of status requests to include the principal E-3 and H-1B1
nonimmigrant classifications. These changes harmonize the regulations
for E-3, H-1B1, and CW-1 nonimmigrant classifications with existing
regulations for other, similarly situated nonimmigrant classifications.
Finally, DHS is expanding the current list of evidentiary criteria for
employment-based first preference (EB-1) outstanding professors and
researchers to allow the submission of evidence comparable to the other
forms of

[[Page 76543]]

evidence already listed in the regulations. This harmonizes the
regulations for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers with other
employment-based immigrant categories that already allow for submission
of comparable evidence. DHS is amending the regulations to benefit
these high-skilled workers and CW-1 transitional workers by removing
unnecessary hurdles that place such workers at a disadvantage when
compared to similarly situated workers in other visa classifications.
 Statement of Need: The proposal would improve the programs serving
the E-3, H-1B1, and CW-1 nonimmigrant classifications and the EB-1
immigrant classification for outstanding professors and researchers.
The proposed changes harmonize the regulations governing these
classifications with regulations governing similar visa classifications
by removing unnecessary hurdles that place E-3, H-1B1, CW-1 and certain
EB-1 workers at a disadvantage.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public
Law 107-296, section 102, 116 Stat. 2135 (Nov. 25, 2002), 6 U.S.C. 112,
and the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (INA), charge the
Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) with administration and
enforcement of the immigration and nationality laws. See INA section
103, 8 U.S.C. 1103.
 Alternatives: A number of the changes are part of DHS's
Retrospective Review Plan for Existing Regulations. During development
of DHS's Retrospective Review Plan, DHS received a comment from the
public requesting specific changes to the DHS regulations that govern
continued work authorization for E-3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrants when an
extension of status petition is timely filed, and to expand the types
of evidence allowable in support of immigrant petitions for outstanding
researchers or professors. This rule is responsive to that comment, and
with the retrospective review principles of Executive Order 13563.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The E-3 and H-1B1 provisions do not
impose any additional costs on petitioning employers, individuals or
government entities, including the Federal government. The regulatory
amendments provide equity for E-3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrants relative to
other employment-based nonimmigrants listed in 8 CFR 274a.12.(b)(20).
Additionally, this provision may allow employers of E-3 or H-1B1
nonimmigrant workers to avoid the cost of lost productivity resulting
from interruptions of work while an extension of stay petition is
pending. Additionally, the regulatory changes that clarify principal E-
3 and H-1B1 nonimmigrant classifications are employment authorized
incident to status with a specific employer, and that these
nonimmigrant classifications that must file a petition with USCIS to
make an extension of stay or change of status request simply codify
current practice and impose no additional costs. Likewise, the
regulatory amendments governing CW-1 nonimmigrants would not impose any
additional costs for petitioning employers or for CW-1 nonimmigrant
workers. The benefits of the rule are to provide equity for CW-1
nonimmigrant workers whose extension of stay request is filed by the
same employer relative to other CW-1 nonimmigrant workers.
Additionally, this provision mitigates any potential distortion in the
labor market for employers of CW-1 nonimmigrant workers created by
current inconsistent regulatory provisions which currently offer an
incentive to file for extensions of stay with new employers rather than
current employers. The portion of the rule addressing the evidentiary
requirements for the EB-1 outstanding professor and researcher
employment-based immigrant classification allows for the submission of
comparable evidence (achievements not listed in the criteria such as
important patents or prestigious, peer-reviewed funding grants) for
that listed in 8 CFR 204.5(i)(3)(i)(A) through (F) to establish that
the EB-1 professor or researcher is recognized internationally as
outstanding in his or her academic field. Harmonizing the evidentiary
requirements for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers with other
comparable employment-based immigrant classifications provides equity
for EB-1 outstanding professors and researchers relative to those other
employment-based visa categories.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/12/14 79 FR 26870
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/11/14
Final Action........................ 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under
Executive Order 13563.
 Agency Contact: Kevin J. Cummings, Chief, Business and Foreign
Workers Division, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20529-2140, Phone: 202 272-1470, Fax: 202
272-1480, Email: kevin.j.cummings@uscis.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1615-AC00

DHS--U.S. COAST GUARD (USCG)

Final Rule Stage

78. Vessel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and
Automatic Identification System

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1223; 33 U.S.C. 1225; 33 U.S.C. 1231; 46
U.S.C. 3716; 46 U.S.C. 8502; 46 U.S.C. 701; sec 102 of Pub. L. 107-295;
EO 12234
 CFR Citation: 33 CFR 62; 33 CFR 66; 33 CFR 160; 33 CFR 161; 33 CFR
164; 33 CFR 165; 33 CFR 101; 33 CFR 110; 33 CFR 117; 33 CFR 151; 46 CFR
4; 46 CFR 148.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would expand the applicability for Notice
of Arrival and Departure (NOAD) and Automatic Identification System
(AIS) requirements. These expanded requirements would better enable the
Coast Guard to correlate vessel AIS data with NOAD data, enhance our
ability to identify and track vessels, detect anomalies, improve
navigation safety, and heighten our overall maritime domain awareness.
The NOAD portion of this rulemaking could expand the applicability of
the NOAD regulations by changing the minimum size of vessels covered
below the current 300 gross tons, require a notice of departure when a
vessel is departing for a foreign port or place, and mandate electronic
submission of NOAD notices to the National Vessel Movement Center. The
AIS portion of this rulemaking would expand current AIS carriage
requirements for the population identified in the Safety of Life at Sea
(SOLAS) Convention and the Marine Transportation Marine Transportation
Security Act (MTSA) of 2002.
 Statement of Need: There is no central mechanism in place to
capture vessel, crew, passenger, or specific cargo information on
vessels less than or equal to 300 gross tons (GT) intending to arrive
at or depart from U.S. ports unless they are arriving with certain

[[Page 76544]]

dangerous cargo (CDC) or at a port in the 7th Coast Guard District; nor
is there a requirement for vessels to submit notification of departure
information. The lack of NOAD information of this large and diverse
population of vessels represents a substantial gap in our maritime
domain awareness (MDA). We can minimize this gap and enhance MDA by
expanding NOAD applicability to vessels greater than 300 GT, all
foreign commercial vessels and all U.S. commercial vessels coming from
a foreign port, and further enhance (and corroborate) MDA by tracking
those vessels (and others) with AIS. This information is necessary in
order to expand our MDA and provide the Nation maritime safety and
security.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is based on congressional
authority provided in the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (see 33 U.S.C.
1223(a)(5), 1225, 1226, and 1231) and section 102 of the Maritime
Transportation Security Act of 2002 (codified at 46 U.S.C. 70114).
 Alternatives: Our goal is to extend our MDA and to identify
anomalies by correlating vessel NOAD data with AIS data. NOAD and AIS
information from a greater number of vessels, as proposed in this
rulemaking, would expand our MDA. We considered expanding NOAD and AIS
to even more vessels, but we determined that we needed additional
legislative authority to expand AIS beyond what we propose in this
rulemaking, and that it was best to combine additional NOAD expansion
with future AIS expansion. Although not in conjunction with a proposed
rule, the Coast Guard sought comment regarding expansion of AIS
carriage to other waters and other vessels not subject to the current
requirements (68 FR 39369, July 1, 2003; USCG 2003-14878; see also 68
FR 39355). Those comments were reviewed and considered in drafting this
rule and are available in this docket. To fulfill our statutory
obligations, the Coast Guard needs to receive AIS reports and NOADs
from vessels identified in this rulemaking that currently are not
required to provide this information. Policy or other nonbinding
statements by the Coast Guard addressed to the owners of these vessels
would not produce the information required to sufficiently enhance our
MDA to produce the information required to fulfill our Agency
obligations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rulemaking will enhance the
Coast Guard's regulatory program by making it more effective in
achieving the regulatory objectives, which, in this case, is improved
MDA. We provide flexibility in the type of AIS system that can be used,
allowing for reduced cost burden. This rule is also streamlined to
correspond with Customs and Border Protection's APIS requirements,
thereby reducing unjustified burdens. We are further developing
estimates of cost and benefit that were published in 2008. In the 2008
NPRM, we estimated that both segments of the proposed rule would affect
approximately 42,607 vessels. The total number of domestic vessels
affected is approximately 17,323 and the total number of foreign
vessels affected is approximately 25,284. We estimated that the 10-year
total present discounted value or cost of the proposed rule to U.S.
vessel owners is between $132.2 and $163.7 million (7 and 3 percent
discount rates, respectively, 2006 dollars) over the period of
analysis. The Coast Guard believes that this rule, through a
combination of NOAD and AIS, would strengthen and enhance maritime
security. The combination of NOAD and AIS would create a synergistic
effect between the two requirements. Ancillary or secondary benefits
exist in the form of avoided injuries, fatalities, and barrels of oil
not spilled into the marine environment. In the 2008 NPRM, we estimated
that the total discounted benefit (injuries and fatalities) derived
from 68 marine casualty cases analyzed over an 8-year data period from
1996 to 2003 for the AIS portion of the proposed rule is between $24.7
and $30.6 million using $6.3 million for the value of statistical life
(VSL) at 7 percent and 3 percent discount rates, respectively. Just
based on barrels of oil not spilled, we expect the AIS portion of the
proposed rule to prevent 22 barrels of oil from being spilled annually.
The Coast Guard may revise costs and benefits for the final rule to
reflect changes resulting from public comments.
 Risks: Considering the economic utility of U.S. ports, waterways,
and coastal approaches, it is clear that a terrorist incident against
our U.S. Maritime Transportation System (MTS) would have a direct
impact on U.S. users and consumers and could potentially have a
disastrous impact on global shipping, international trade, and the
world economy. By improving the ability of the Coast Guard both to
identify potential terrorists coming to the United States while the
terrorists are far from our shores and to coordinate appropriate
responses and intercepts before the vessel reaches a U.S. port, this
rulemaking would contribute significantly to the expansion of MDA, and
consequently is instrumental in addressing the threat posed by
terrorist actions against the MTS.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/16/08 73 FR 76295
Notice of Public Meeting............ 01/21/09 74 FR 3534
Notice of Second Public Meeting..... 03/02/09 74 FR 9071
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/15/09
Notice of Second Public Meeting 04/15/09
 Comment Period End.
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: We have indicated in past notices and
rulemaking documents, and it remains the case, that we have worked to
coordinate implementation of AIS MTSA requirements with the development
of our ability to take advantage of AIS data (68 FR 39355 and 39370,
Jul. 1, 2003).
 Docket ID USCG-2005-21869.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact:, LCDR Michael D. Lendvay, Program Manager, Office
of Commercial Vessel, Foreign and Offshore Vessel Activities Div. (CG-
CVC-2), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr. Avenue SE., STOP 7501, Washington, DC 20593-7501,
Phone: 202 372-1218, Email: michael.d.lendvay@uscg.mil
 Jorge Arroyo, Project Manager, Office of Navigation Systems (CG-
NAV-1), Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr. Avenue SE., STOP 7418, Washington, DC 20593-7418,
Phone: 202 372-1563, Email: jorge.arroyo@uscg.mil
 Related RIN: Related to 1625-AA93, Related to 1625-AB28
 RIN: 1625-AA99

DHS--USCG

79. Inspection of Towing Vessels

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 46 U.S.C. 3103; 46 U.S.C. 3301; 46 U.S.C. 3306; 46
U.S.C. 3308; 46 U.S.C. 3316; 46 U.S.C. 3703; 46 U.S.C. 8104; 46 U.S.C.
8904; DHS Delegation No 0170.1
 CFR Citation: 46 CFR 2; 46 CFR 15; 46 CFR 136 to 144.

[[Page 76545]]

Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 13, 2011. Final,
Statutory, October 15, 2011. On October 15, 2010, the Coast Guard
Authorization Act of 2010 was enacted as Public Law 111-281. It
requires that a proposed rule be issued within 90 days after enactment
and that a final rule be issued within 1 year of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would implement a program of inspection
for certification of towing vessels, which were previously uninspected.
It would prescribe standards for safety management systems and third-
party auditors and surveyors, along with standards for construction,
operation, vessel systems, safety equipment, and recordkeeping.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would implement section 415 of
the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004. The intent of
the proposed rule is to promote safer work practices and reduce
casualties on towing vessels by ensuring that towing vessels adhere to
prescribed safety standards. This proposed rule was developed in
cooperation with the Towing Vessel Safety Advisory Committee. It would
establish a new subchapter dedicated to towing vessels, covering vessel
equipment, systems, operational standards, and inspection requirements.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Proposed new subchapter authority: 46
U.S.C. 3103, 3301, 3306, 3308, 3316, 8104, 8904; 33 CFR 1.05; DHS
Delegation 0170.1. The Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of
2004 (CGMTA 2004), Public Law 108-293, 118 Stat. 1028, (Aug. 9, 2004),
established new authorities for towing vessels as follows: section 415
added towing vessels, as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United
States Code (U.S.C.), as a class of vessels that are subject to safety
inspections under chapter 33 of that title (Id. at 1047). Section 415
also added new section 3306(j) of title 46, authorizing the Secretary
of Homeland Security to establish, by regulation, a safety management
system appropriate for the characteristics, methods of operation, and
nature of service of towing vessels (Id.). Section 409 added new
section 8904(c) of title 46, U.S.C., authorizing the Secretary to
establish, by regulation, ``maximum hours of service (including
recording and recordkeeping of that service) of individuals engaged on
a towing vessel that is at least 26 feet in length measured from end to
end over the deck (excluding the sheer).'' (Id. at 1044-45.)
 Alternatives: We considered the following alternatives for the
notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM): One regulatory alternative would
be the addition of towing vessels to one or more existing subchapters
that deal with other inspected vessels, such as cargo and miscellaneous
vessels (subchapter I), offshore supply vessels (subchapter L), or
small passenger vessels (subchapter T). We do not believe, however,
that this approach would recognize the often ``unique'' nature and
characteristics of the towing industry in general and towing vessels in
particular. The same approach could be adopted for use of a safety
management system by requiring compliance with title 33, Code of
Federal Regulations, part 96 (Rules for the Safe Operation of Vessels
and Safety Management Systems). Adoption of these requirements, without
an alternative safety management system, would also not be
``appropriate for the characteristics, methods of operation, and nature
of service of towing vessels.'' The Coast Guard has had extensive
public involvement (four public meetings, over 100 separate comments
submitted to the docket, as well as extensive ongoing dialogue with
members of the Towing Safety Advisory Committee (TSAC)) regarding
development of these regulations. Adoption of one of the alternatives
discussed above would likely receive little public or industry support,
especially considering the TSAC efforts toward development of standards
to be incorporated into a separate subchapter dealing specifically with
the inspection of towing vessels. An approach that would seem to be
more in keeping with the intent of Congress would be the adoption of
certain existing standards from those applied to other inspected
vessels. In some cases, these existing standards would be appropriately
modified and tailored to the nature and operation of certain categories
of towing vessels. The adopted standards would come from inspected
vessels that have demonstrated ``good marine practice'' within the
maritime community. These regulations would be incorporated into a
subchapter specifically addressing the inspection for certification of
towing vessels. The law requiring the inspection for certification of
towing vessels is a statutory mandate, compelling the Coast Guard to
develop regulations appropriate for the nature of towing vessels and
their specific industry.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: We estimate that owners and
operators of towing vessels would incur additional annualized costs in
the range of $14.3 million to $17.1 million at 7 percent discounted
from this rulemaking. The cost of this rulemaking would involve
provisions for safety management systems, standards for construction,
operation, vessel systems, safety equipment, and recordkeeping. Our
cost assessment includes existing and new vessels. The Coast Guard
developed the requirements in the proposed rule by researching both the
human factors and equipment failures that caused towing vessel
accidents. We believe that the proposed rule would address a wide range
of causes of towing vessel accidents and supports the main goal of
improving safety in the towing industry. The primary benefit of the
proposed rule is an increase in vessel safety and a resulting decrease
in the risk of towing vessel accidents and their consequences. We
estimate an annualized benefit of $28.5 million from this rule.
 Risks: This regulatory action would reduce the risk of towing
vessel accidents and their consequences. Towing vessel accidents result
in fatalities, injuries, property damage, pollution, and delays.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/11/11 76 FR 49976
Notice of Public Meetings........... 09/09/11 76 FR 55847
NPRM Comment Period End............. 12/09/11
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: State.
 Additional Information: Docket ID USCG-2006-24412.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: LCDR William Nabach, Project Manager, Office of
Design & Engineering Standards, CG-OES-2, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Coast Guard, 2703 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue SE.,
STOP 7509, Washington, DC 20593-7509, Phone: 202 372-1386, Email:
william.a.nabach@uscg.mil
 RIN: 1625-AB06

DHS--USCG

80. Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC); Card Reader
Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.

[[Page 76546]]

Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1226; 33 U.S.C. 1231; 46 U.S.C. 701; 50
U.S.C. 191; 50 U.S.C. 192; EO 12656
 CFR Citation: 33 CFR, subchapter H.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, August 20, 2010, SAFE Port Act,
codified at 46 U.S.C. 70105(k). The final rule is required 2 years
after the commencement of the pilot program. The final rule is required
2 years after the commencement of the pilot program.
 Abstract: The Coast Guard is establishing electronic card reader
requirements for maritime facilities and vessels to be used in
combination with TSA's Transportation Worker Identification Credential
(TWIC). Congress enacted several statutory requirements within the
Security and Accountability for Every (SAFE) Port Act of 2006 to guide
regulations pertaining to TWIC readers, including the need to evaluate
TSA's final pilot program report as part of the TWIC reader rulemaking.
During the rulemaking process, we will take into account the final
pilot data and the various conditions in which TWIC readers may be
employed. For example, we will consider the types of vessels and
facilities that will use TWIC readers, locations of secure and
restricted areas, operational constraints, and need for accessibility.
Recordkeeping requirements, amendments to security plans, and the
requirement for data exchanges (i.e., Canceled Card List) between TSA
and vessel or facility owners/operators will also be addressed in this
rulemaking.
 Statement of Need: The Maritime Transportation Security Act (MTSA)
of 2002 explicitly required the issuance of a biometric transportation
security card to all U.S. merchant mariners and to workers requiring
unescorted access to secure areas of MTSA-regulated facilities and
vessels. On May 22, 2006, the Transportation Security Administration
(TSA) and the Coast Guard published a notice of proposed rulemaking
(NPRM) to carry out this statute, proposing a Transportation Worker
Identification Credential (TWIC) Program where TSA conducts security
threat assessments and issues identification credentials, while the
Coast Guard requires integration of the TWIC into the access control
systems of vessels, facilities, and Outer Continental Shelf facilities.
Based on comments received during the public comment period, TSA and
the Coast Guard split the TWIC rule. The final TWIC rule, published in
January of 2007, addressed the issuance of the TWIC and use of the TWIC
as a visual identification credential at access control points. In an
ANPRM, published in March of 2009, and a NPRM, published in April of
2013, the Coast Guard proposed a risk-based approach to TWIC reader
requirements and included proposals to classify MTSA-regulated vessels
and facilities into one of three risk groups, based on specific factors
related to TSI consequence, and apply TWIC reader requirements for
vessels and facilities in conjunction with their relative risk-group
placement. This rulemaking is necessary to comply with the SAFE Port
Act and to complete the implementation of the TWIC Program in our
ports. By requiring electronic card readers at vessels and facilities,
the Coast Guard will further enhance port security and improve access
control measures.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The statutory authorities for the Coast
Guard to prescribe, change, revise, or amend these regulations are
provided under 33 U.S.C. 1226, 1231; 46 U.S.C. chapter 701; 50 U.S.C.
191, 192; Executive Order 12656, 3 CFR 1988 Comp., p. 585; 33 CFR 1.05-
1, 6.04-11, 6.14, 6.16, and 6.19; Department of Homeland Security
Delegation No. 0170.1.
 Alternatives: The implementation of TWIC reader requirements is
mandated by the SAFE Port Act. We considered several alternatives in
the formulation of this proposal. These alternatives were based on risk
analysis of different combinations of facility and vessel populations
facing TWIC reader requirements. The preferred alternative selected
allowed the Coast Guard to target the highest risk entities while
minimizing the overall burden.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The main cost drivers of this rule
are the acquisition and installation of TWIC readers and the
maintenance of the affected entity's TWIC reader system. Initial costs,
which we would distribute over a phased-in implementation period,
consist predominantly of the costs to purchase, install, and integrate
approved TWIC readers into their current physical access control
system. Recurring annual costs will be driven by costs associated with
canceled card list updates, opportunity costs associated with delays
and replacement of TWICs that cannot be read, and maintenance of the
affected entity's TWIC reader system. As reported in the NPRM
Regulatory Analysis, the total 10-year total industry and government
cost for the TWIC is $234.3 million undiscounted and $186.1 discounted
at 7 percent. We estimate the annualized cost of this rule to industry
to be $26.5 million at a 7 percent discount rate. The benefits of the
rulemaking include the enhancement of the security of vessel ports and
other facilities by ensuring that only individuals who hold valid TWICs
are granted unescorted access to secure areas at those locations.
 Risks: USCG used risk-based decision-making to develop this
rulemaking. Based on this analysis, the Coast Guard has proposed
requiring higher-risk vessels and facilities to meet the requirements
for electronic TWIC inspection, while continuing to allow lower-risk
vessels and facilities to use TWIC as a visual identification
credential.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/27/09 74 FR 13360
Notice of Public Meeting............ 04/15/09 74 FR 17444
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/26/09
Notice of Public Meeting Comment 05/26/09
 Period End.
NPRM................................ 03/22/13 78 FR 20558
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/10/13 78 FR 27335
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 06/20/13
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Docket ID USCG-2007-28915.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: LT Mason Wilcox, Project Manager, Department of
Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Commandant (CG-FAC-2), 2703 Martin
Luther King Jr Ave. SE., STOP 7501, Washington, DC 20593-7501, Phone:
202 372-1123, Email: mason.c.wilcox@uscg.mil
 Related RIN: Related to 1625-AB02
 RIN: 1625-AB21

DHS--U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION (USCBP)

Proposed Rule Stage

81. Amendments to Importer Security Filing and Additional Carrier
Requirements

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 109-347, sec 203; 5 U.S.C. 301; 19 U.S.C.
66; 19

[[Page 76547]]

U.S.C. 1431; 19 U.S.C. 1433; 19 U.S.C. 1434; 19 U.S.C. 1624; 19 U.S.C.
2071 (note); 46 U.S.C. 60105
 CFR Citation: 19 CFR 4.7c; 19 CFR 149.1
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Importer Security Filing (ISF) regulations require
carriers and importers to provide to CBP, via a CBP-approved electronic
data interchange system, information necessary to assist CBP in
identifying high-risk shipments to prevent smuggling and ensure cargo
safety and security. Importers and carriers must currently submit
specified information before the cargo is brought into the United
States by vessel in accordance with specified time frames. To increase
the accuracy and reliability of the advance information, this rule will
propose changes to the ISF regulations.
 Statement of Need: Since 2009 CBP has collected advance data
elements from importers and carriers carrying cargo to the United
States by vessel. CBP uses these data to target incoming cargo and
prevent dangerous or otherwise illegal cargo from arriving in the
United States. To increase the accuracy and reliability of this
information CBP intends to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking that
proposes some changes to the current importer security filing
regulations. This rule is needed to provide CBP with additional data
that are needed to conduct security screening and to ensure that the
party with the best access to the data is the party responsible for
providing this information to CBP.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CBP anticipates that this rule will
result in a cost to ISF importers to submit the additional data to CBP
and a security benefit resulting from improved targeting.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Craig Clark, Program Manager, Vessel Manifest &
Importer Security Filing, Office of Cargo and Conveyance Security,
Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection,
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229, Phone: 202 344-
3052, Email: craig.clark@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA70
 RIN: 1651-AA98

DHS--USCBP

82. Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is proposing to
amend the implementing regulations of the Trade Act of 2002 regarding
the submission of advance electronic information for air cargo and
other provisions to provide for the Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS)
program. ACAS would require the submission of certain advance
electronic information for air cargo. This will allow CBP to better
target and identify dangerous cargo and ensure that any risk associated
with such cargo is mitigated before the aircraft departs for the United
States. CBP, in conjunction with TSA, has been operating ACAS as a
voluntary pilot program since 2010 and would like to implement ACAS as
a regulatory program.
 Statement of Need: DHS has identified an elevated risk associated
with cargo being transported to the United States by air. This rule
will help address this risk by giving DHS the data it needs to improve
targeting of the cargo prior to takeoff.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs of this program to carriers
include one-time costs to upgrade systems to facilitate transmission of
these data to CBP and recurring per transmission costs. Benefits of the
program include improved security that will result from having these
data further in advance.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Agency Contact: Regina Kang, Cargo and Conveyance Security, Office
of Field Operations, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2368, Email: regina.kang@cbp.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1651-AB04

DHS--USCBP

Final Rule Stage

83. Changes to the Visa Waiver Program to Implement the Electronic
System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) Program

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1187.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 217.5.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 9, 2008, CBP issued an interim final rule which
implemented the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) for
aliens who travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program
(VWP) at air or sea ports of entry. Under the rule, VWP travelers must
provide certain biographical information to CBP electronically before
departing for the United States. This advance information allows CBP to
determine before their departure whether these travelers are eligible
to travel to the United States under the VWP and whether such travel
poses a security risk. The interim final rule also fulfilled the
requirements of section 711 of the Implementing recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). In addition to fulfilling a
statutory mandate, the rule served the two goals of promoting border
security and legitimate travel to the United States. By modernizing the
VWP, the ESTA increases national security and provides for greater
efficiencies in the screening of international travelers by allowing
for vetting of subjects of potential interest well before boarding,
thereby reducing traveler delays at the ports of entry. CBP requested
comments on all aspects of the interim final rule and plans to issue a
final rule after completion of the comment analysis.
 Statement of Need: The rule fulfills the requirements of section
711 of the 9/11 Act to develop and implement a fully automated
electronic travel

[[Page 76548]]

authorization system in advance of travel for VWP travelers. The
advance information allows CBP to determine before their departure
whether VWP travelers are eligible to travel to the United States and
to determine whether such travel poses a law enforcement or security
risk. In addition to fulfilling a statutory mandate, the rule serves
the twin goals of promoting border security and legitimate travel to
the United States. ESTA increases national security by allowing for
vetting of subjects of potential interest before they depart for the
United States. It promotes legitimate travel to the United States by
providing for greater efficiencies in the screening of travelers
thereby reducing traveler delays upon arrival at U.S. ports of entry.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ESTA program is based on congressional
authority provided under section 711 of the Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Pub. L. 110-53) and
section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), 8 U.S.C.
1187.
 Alternatives: When developing the interim final rule, CBP
considered three alternatives to this rule: (1) The ESTA requirements
in the rule, but with a $1.50 fee per each travel authorization (more
costly) (2) The ESTA requirements in the rule, but with only the name
of the passenger and the admissibility questions on the I-94W form
(less burdensome) (3) The ESTA requirements in the rule, but only for
the countries entering the VWP after 2009 (no new requirements for VWP,
reduced burden for newly entering countries). CBP determined that the
rule provides the greatest level of enhanced security and efficiency at
an acceptable cost to traveling public and potentially affected air
carriers.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The purpose of ESTA is to allow DHS
and CBP to establish the eligibility of certain foreign travelers to
travel to the United States under the VWP, and whether the alien's
proposed travel to the United States poses a law enforcement or
security risk. Upon review of such information, DHS will determine
whether the alien is eligible to travel to the United States under the
VWP. Costs to Air & Sea Carriers: CBP estimated that 8 U.S.-based air
carriers and 11 sea carriers will be affected by the rule. An
additional 35 foreign-based air carriers and 5 sea carriers will be
affected. CBP concluded that costs to air and sea carriers to support
the requirements of the ESTA program could cost $137 million to $1.1
billion over the next 10 years depending on the level of effort
required to integrate their systems with ESTA, how many passengers they
need to assist in applying for travel authorizations, and the discount
rate applied to annual costs. Costs to Travelers: ESTA will present new
costs and burdens to travelers in VWP countries who were not previously
required to submit any information to the U.S. Government in advance of
travel to the United States. Travelers from Roadmap countries who
become VWP countries will also incur costs and burdens, though these
are much less than obtaining a nonimmigrant visa (category B1/B2),
which is currently required for short-term pleasure or business to
travel to the United States. CBP estimated that the total quantified
costs to travelers will range from $1.1 billion to $3.5 billion
depending on the number of travelers, the value of time, and the
discount rate. Annualized costs are estimated to range from $133
million to $366 million. Benefits: As set forth in section 711 of the
9/11 Act, it was the intent of Congress to modernize and strengthen the
security of the Visa Waiver Program under section 217 of the
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187) by simultaneously
enhancing program security requirements and extending visa-free travel
privileges to citizens and eligible nationals of eligible foreign
countries that are partners in the war on terrorism. By requiring
passenger data in advance of travel, CBP may be able to determine,
before the alien departs for the United States, the eligibility of
citizens and eligible nationals from VWP countries to travel to the
United States under the VWP, and whether such travel poses a law
enforcement or security risk. In addition to fulfilling a statutory
mandate, the rule serves the twin goals of promoting border security
and legitimate travel to the United States. By modernizing the VWP,
ESTA is intended to both increase national security and provide for
greater efficiencies in the screening of international travelers by
allowing for the screening of subjects of potential interest well
before boarding, thereby reducing traveler delays based on potentially
lengthy processes at U.S. ports of entry. CBP concluded that the total
benefits to travelers could total $1.1 billion to $3.3 billion over the
period of analysis. Annualized benefits could range from $134 million
to $345 million. In addition to these benefits to travelers, CBP and
the carriers should also experience the benefit of not having to
administer the I-94W except in limited situations. While CBP has not
conducted an analysis of the potential savings, it should accrue
benefits from not having to produce, ship, and store blank forms. CBP
should also be able to accrue savings related to data entry and
archiving. Carriers should realize some savings as well, though
carriers will still have to administer the Customs Declaration forms
for all passengers aboard the aircraft and vessel.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Action................ 06/09/08 73 FR 32440
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 08/08/08 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 08/08/08 .......................
 End.
Notice_Announcing Date Rule Becomes 11/13/08 73 FR 67354
 Mandatory.
Final Action........................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: http://www.cbp.gov/xp/cgov/travel/id_visa/esta/.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Suzanne Shepherd, Director, Electronic System for
Travel Authorization, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2073, Email: suzanne.m.shepherd@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA83
 RIN: 1651-AA72

DHS--USCBP

84. Implementation of the Guam-Cnmi Visa Waiver Program (Section 610
Review)

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-229, sec. 702.
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 100.4; 8 CFR 212.1; 8 CFR 233.5; 8 CFR 235.5;
19 CFR 4.7b; 19 CFR 122.49a.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 4, 2008, Pub. L. 110-
229.
 Abstract: The IFR (or the final rule planned for the coming year)
rule amends Department of Homeland

[[Page 76549]]

Security (DHS) regulations to implement section 702 of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA). This law extends the immigration
laws of the United States to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana
Islands (CNMI) and provides for a joint visa waiver program for travel
to Guam and the CNMI. This rule implements section 702 of the CNRA by
amending the regulations to replace the current Guam Visa Waiver
Program with a new Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. The amended
regulations set forth the requirements for nonimmigrant visitors who
seek admission for business or pleasure and solely for entry into and
stay on Guam or the CNMI without a visa. This rule also establishes six
ports of entry in the CNMI for purposes of administering and enforcing
the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. Section 702 of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA), subject to a transition period,
extends the immigration laws of the United States to the Commonwealth
of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) and provides for a visa waiver
program for travel to Guam and/or the CNMI. On January 16, 2009, the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Customs and Border Protection
(CBP), issued an interim final rule in the Federal Register replacing
the then-existing Guam Visa Waiver Program with the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program and setting forth the requirements for nonimmigrant
visitors seeking admission into Guam and/or the CNMI under the Guam-
CNMI Visa Waiver Program. As of November 28, 2009, the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program is operational. This program allows nonimmigrant
visitors from eligible countries to seek admission for business or
pleasure for entry into Guam and/or the CNMI without a visa for a
period of authorized stay not to exceed 45 days. This rulemaking would
finalize the January 2009 interim final rule.
 Statement of Need: Previously, aliens who were citizens of eligible
countries could apply for admission to Guam at a Guam port of entry as
nonimmigrant visitors for a period of 15 days or less, for business or
pleasure, without first obtaining a nonimmigrant visa, provided that
they are otherwise eligible for admission. Section 702(b) of the CNRA
supersedes the Guam visa waiver program by providing for a visa waiver
program for Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands
(Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program). Section 702(b) required DHS to
promulgate regulations within 180 days of enactment of the CNRA to
allow nonimmigrant visitors from eligible countries to apply for
admission into Guam and the CNMI, for business or pleasure, without a
visa, for a period of authorized stay of no longer than 45 days. Under
the interim final rule, a visitor seeking admission under the Guam-CNMI
Visa Waiver Program must be a national of an eligible country and must
meet the requirements enumerated in the current Guam visa waiver
program as well as additional requirements that bring the Guam-CNMI
Visa Waiver Program into soft alignment with the U.S. Visa Waiver
Program provided for in 8 CFR 217. The country eligibility requirements
take into account the intent of the CNRA and ensure that the
regulations meet current border security needs. The country eligibility
requirements are designed to: (1) ensure effective border control
procedures, (2) properly address national security and homeland
security concerns in extending U.S. immigration law to the CNMI, and
(3) maximize the CNMI's potential for future economic and business
growth. This interim rule also provided that visitors from the People's
Republic of China and Russia have provided a significant economic
benefit to the CNMI. However, nationals from those countries cannot, at
this time, seek admission under the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program due
to security concerns. Pursuant to section 702(a) of the CNRA, which
extends the immigration laws of the United States to the CNMI, this
rule also establishes six ports of entry in the CNMI to enable the
Secretary of Homeland Security (the Secretary) to administer and
enforce the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program is based
on congressional authority provided under 702(b) of the Consolidated
Natural Resources Act of 2008 (CNRA).
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: CBP is currently evaluating the
costs and benefits associated with finalizing the interim final rule.
The most significant change for admission to the CNMI as a result of
the rule was for visitors from those countries who are not included in
either the existing U.S. Visa Waiver Program or the Guam-CNMI Visa
Waiver Program established by the rule. These visitors must apply for
U.S. visas, which require in-person interviews at U.S. embassies or
consulates and higher fees than the CNMI assessed for its visitor entry
permits. These are losses associated with the reduced visits from
foreign travelers who no longer visited the CNMI upon implementation of
this rule. The anticipated benefits of the rule were enhanced security
that would result from the federalization of the immigration functions
in the CNMI.
 Risks: No risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 01/16/09 74 FR 2824
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 01/16/09 .......................
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 03/17/09 .......................
 End.
Technical Amendment; Change of 05/28/09 74 FR 25387
 Implementation Date.
Final Action........................ 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Paul Minton, CBP Officer (Program Manager),
Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection,
1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229, Phone: 202 344-
2723, Email: paul.a.minton@cbp.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1651-AA81
 RIN: 1651-AA77

DHS--USCBP

85. Definition of Form I-94 To Include Electronic Format.

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101; 8 U.S.C. 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1201; 8
U.S.C. 1301; 8 U.S.C. 1303 to 1305; 5 U.S.C. 301; Pub. L. 107-296, 116
stat 2135; 6 U.S.C. 1 et seq..
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 1.4; 8 CFR 264.1(b).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Form I-94 is issued to certain aliens upon arrival in
the United States or when changing status in the United States. The
Form I-94 is used to document arrival and departure and provides
evidence of the terms of admission or parole. CBP is transitioning to
an automated process whereby it will create a Form I-94 in an
electronic format based on passenger, passport, and visa information
currently obtained electronically from air and sea carriers and the
Department of State as well as through the inspection process. Prior to
this rule, the Form I-94 was

[[Page 76550]]

solely a paper form that was completed by the alien upon arrival. After
the implementation of the Advance Passenger Information System (APIS)
following 9/11, CBP began collecting information on aliens traveling by
air or sea to the United States electronically from carriers in advance
of arrival. For aliens arriving in the United States by air or sea, CBP
obtains almost all of the information contained on the paper Form I-94
electronically and in advance via APIS. The few fields on the Form I-94
that are not collected via APIS are either already collected by the
Department of State and transmitted to CBP or can be collected by the
CBP officer from the individual at the time of inspection. This means
that CBP no longer needs to collect Form I-94 information as a matter
of course directly from aliens traveling to the United States by air or
sea. At this time, the automated process will apply only to aliens
arriving at air and sea ports of entry.
 Statement of Need: This rule makes the necessary changes to the
regulations to enable CBP to transition to an automated process whereby
CBP will create an electronic Form I-94 based on the information in its
databases.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 103(a) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act (INA) generally authorizes the Secretary of Homeland
Security to establish such regulations and prescribe such forms of
reports, entries, and other papers necessary to carry out his or her
authority to administer and enforce the immigration and nationality
laws and to guard the borders of the United States against illegal
entry of aliens.
 Alternatives: CBP considered two alternatives to this rule:
eliminating the paper Form I-94 in the air and sea environments
entirely and providing the paper Form I-94 to all travelers who are not
B-1/B-2 travelers. Eliminating the paper Form I-94 option for refugees,
applicants for asylum, parolees, and those travelers who request one
would not result in a significant cost savings to CBP and would harm
travelers who have an immediate need for an electronic Form I-94 or who
face obstacles to accessing their electronic Form I-94. A second
alternative to the rule is to provide a paper Form I-94 to any
travelers who are not B-1/B-2 travelers. Under this alternative,
travelers would receive and complete the paper Form I- 94 during their
inspection when they arrive in the United States. The electronic Form
I-94 would still be automatically created during the inspection, but
the CBP officer would need to verify that the information appearing on
the form matches the information in CBP's systems. In addition, CBP
would need to write the Form I-94 number on each paper Form I-94 so
that their paper form matches the electronic record. As noted in the
analysis, 25.1 percent of aliens are non-B-1/B-2 travelers. Filling out
and processing this many paper Forms I-94 at airports and seaports
would increase processing times considerably. At the same time, it
would only provide a small savings to the individual traveler.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: With the implementation of this
rule, CBP will no longer collect Form I-94 information as a matter of
course directly from aliens traveling to the United States by air or
sea. Instead, CBP will create an electronic Form I-94 for foreign
travelers based on the information in its databases. This rule makes
the necessary changes to the regulations to enable CBP to transition to
an automated process. Both CBP and aliens would bear costs as a result
of this rule. CBP would bear costs to link its data systems and to
build a Web site so aliens can access their electronic Forms I-94. CBP
estimates that the total cost for CBP to link data systems, develop a
secure Web site, and fully automate the Form I-94 fully will equal
about $1.3 million in calendar year 2012. CBP will incur costs of $0.09
million in subsequent years to operate and maintain these systems.
Aliens arriving as diplomats and students would bear costs when logging
into the Web site and printing electronic I-94s. The temporary workers
and aliens in the ''Other/Unknown'' category bear costs when logging
into the Web site, traveling to a location with public internet access,
and printing a paper copy of their electronic Form I-94. Using the
primary estimate for a traveler's value of time, aliens would bear
costs between $36.6 million and $46.4 million from 2013 to 2016. Total
costs for this rule for 2013 would range from $34.2 million to $40.1
million, with a primary estimate of costs equal to $36.7 million. CBP,
carriers, and foreign travelers would accrue benefits as a result of
this rule. CBP would save contract and printing costs of $15.6 million
per year of our analysis. Carriers would save a total of $1.3 million
in printing costs per year. All aliens would save the eight-minute time
burden for filling out the paper Form I-94 and certain aliens who lose
the Form I-94 would save the $330 fee and 25-minute time burden for
filling out the Form I-102. Using the primary estimate for a traveler's
value of time, aliens would obtain benefits between $112.6 million and
$141.6 million from 2013 to 2016. Total benefits for this rule for 2013
would range from $110.7 million to $155.6 million, with a primary
estimate of benefits equal to $129.5 million. Overall, this rule
results in substantial cost savings (benefits) for foreign travelers,
carriers, and CBP. CBP anticipates a net benefit in 2013 of between
$59.7 million and $98.7 million for foreign travelers, $1.3 million for
carriers, and $15.5 million for CBP. Net benefits to U.S. entities
(carriers and CBP) in 2013 total $16.8 million. CBP anticipates the
total net benefits to both domestic and foreign entities in 2013 range
from $76.5 million to $115.5 million. In our primary analysis, the
total net benefits are $92.8 million in 2013. For the primary estimate,
annualized net benefits range from $78.1 million to $80.0 million,
depending on the discount rate used. More information on costs and
benefits can be found in the interim final rule.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 03/27/13 78 FR 18457
Interim Final Rule Comment Period 04/26/13
 End.
Interim Final Rule Effective........ 04/26/13
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Suzanne Shepherd, Director, Electronic System for
Travel Authorization, Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and
Border Protection, 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20229,
Phone: 202 344-2073, Email: suzanne.m.shepherd@cbp.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1651-AA96


[[Page 76551]]

DHS--TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (TSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

86. Security Training for Surface Mode Employees

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 114; Pub. L. 110-53, secs 1408, 1517,
and 1534.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 1520; 49 CFR 1570; 49 CFR 1580; 49 CFR 1582
(new); 49 CFR 1584 (new).
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, November 1, 2007, Interim Rule
for public transportation agencies is due 90 days after date of
enactment.
 Final, Statutory, August 3, 2008, Rule for public transportation
agencies is due 1 year after date of enactment.
 Final, Statutory, February 3, 2008, Rule for railroads and over-
the-road buses are due 6 months after date of enactment.
 According to section 1408 of Public Law 110-53, Implementing
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Aug. 3, 2007; 121
Stat. 266), interim final regulations for public transportation
agencies are due 90 days after the date of enactment (Nov. 1, 2007),
and final regulations are due 1 year after the date of enactment of
this Act. According to section 1517 of the same Act, final regulations
for railroads and over-the-road buses are due no later than 6 months
after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to propose a new regulation to address the security of freight
railroads, public transportation, passenger railroads, and over-the-
road buses in accordance with the Implementing Recommendations of the
9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (9/11 Act). As required by the 9/11 Act,
the rulemaking will propose that certain railroads, public
transportation agencies, and over-the-road bus companies provide
security training to their frontline employees in the areas of security
awareness, operational security, and incident prevention and response.
The rulemaking will also propose extending security coordinator and
reporting security incident requirements applicable to rail operators
under current 49 CFR part 1580 to the non-rail transportation
components of covered public transportation agencies and over-the-road
buses. The regulation will take into consideration any current security
training requirements or best practices and will propose definitions
for transportation of security-sensitive materials, as required by the
9/11 Act.
 Statement of Need: Employee training is an important and effective
tool for averting or mitigating potential terrorist attacks by
terrorists or others with malicious intent who may target surface
transportation and plan or perpetrate actions that may cause
significant injuries, loss of life, or economic disruption.
 Summary of Legal Basis:, 49 U.S.C. 114; sections 1408, 1517, and
1534 of Public Law 110-53, Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11
Commission Act of 2007 (Aug. 3, 2007; 121 Stat. 266).
 Alternatives:, TSA is required by statute to publish regulations
requiring security training programs for these owner/operators. As part
of its notice of proposed rulemaking, TSA will seek public comment on
the alternative ways in which the final rule could carry out the
requirements of the statute.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:, TSA is in the process of
determining the costs and benefits of this rulemaking.
 Risks:, The Department of Homeland Security aims to prevent
terrorist attacks within the United States and to reduce the
vulnerability of the United States to terrorism. By providing for
security training for personnel, TSA intends in this rulemaking to
reduce the risk of a terrorist attack on this transportation sector.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Local.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Chandru (Jack) Kalro, Deputy Director, Surface
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-1145, Fax:
571 227-2935, Email: jack.kalro@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 David Kasminoff, Senior Counsel, Regulations and Security Standards
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-3583, Fax: 571 227-1378,
Email: david.kasminoff@tsa.dhs.gov
 Related RIN:, Related to 1652-AA56, Merged with 1652-AA57, Merged
with 1652-AA59
 RIN: 1652-AA55

DHS--TSA

87. Standardized Vetting, Adjudication, and Redress Services

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 114, 5103A, 44903 and 44936; 46 U.S.C.
70105; 6 U.S.C. 469; Pub. L. 110-53, secs 1411, 1414, 1520, 1522 and
1602.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to propose new regulations to revise and standardize the procedures,
adjudication criteria, and fees for most of the security threat
assessments (STA) of individuals for which TSA is responsible. The
scope of the rulemaking will include transportation workers who are
required to undergo an STA, including surface, maritime, and aviation
workers. TSA will propose fees to cover the cost of all STAs. TSA plans
to improve efficiencies in processing STAs and streamline existing
regulations by simplifying language and removing redundancies. As part
of this proposed interim final rule (IFR), TSA will propose revisions
to the Alien Flight Student Program (AFSP) regulations. TSA published
an interim final rule for AFSP on September 20, 2004. TSA regulations
require aliens seeking to train at Federal Aviation Administration-
regulated flight schools to complete an application and undergo an STA
prior to beginning flight training. There are four categories under
which students currently fall; the nature of the STA depends on the
student's category. TSA is considering changes to the AFSP that would
improve the equity among fee payers and enable the implementation of
new technologies to support vetting.
 Statement of Need: TSA proposes to meet the requirements of 6
U.S.C. 469, which requires TSA to fund security threat assessment and
credentialing activities through user fees. The proposed rulemaking
should reduce reliance on appropriations for certain vetting services;
minimize redundant background checks; and increase transportation
security by enhancing identification and immigration verification
standards.

[[Page 76552]]

Summary of Legal Basis: 49 U.S.C. 114(f): Under the Aviation and
Transportation Security Act (ATSA) (Pub. L. 170-71, Nov. 19, 2001, 115
Stat. 597), TSA assumed responsibility to assess security in all modes
of transportation and minimize threats to national and transportation
security. TSA is required to vet certain aviation workers pursuant to
49 U.S.C. 44903 and 44936. TSA is required to vet individuals with
unescorted access to maritime facilities pursuant to the Maritime
Transportation Security Act (MTSA) (Pub. L. 107-295, sec. 102, Nov. 25,
2002, 116 Stat. 2064), codified at 46 U.S.C. 70105. Pursuant to the
Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act)
(Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 25, 2001, 115 Stat. 272), TSA vets individuals
seeking hazardous materials endorsements (HME) for commercial drivers
licensed by the States. In 6 U.S.C. 469, Congress directed TSA to fund
vetting and credentialing programs in the field of transportation
through user fees.
 Alternatives: TSA considered a number of viable alternatives to the
proposed regulation. These alternatives are discussed in detail in the
proposed rule and regulatory impact analysis.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: TSA is in the process determining
the costs and benefits of this proposed rulemaking.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under
Executive Order 13563.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Chang Ellison, Branch Manager, Program Initiatives
Branch, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Intelligence and Analysis, TSA-10, HQ E6, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6010, Phone: 571 227-3604,
Email: chang.ellison@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 John Vergelli, Senior Counsel, Regulations and Security Standards
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-4416, Fax: 571 227-1378,
Email: john.vergelli@tsa.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1652-AA35
 RIN: 1652-AA61

DHS--TSA

Final Rule Stage

88. Passenger Screening Using Advanced Imaging Technology

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 44925.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 1540.107.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) intends
to issue a final rule to address whether screening and inspection of an
individual, conducted to control access to the sterile area of an
airport or to an aircraft, may include the use of advanced imaging
technology (AIT). The notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) was
published on March 26, 2012, to comply with the decision rendered by
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) v. U.S. Department of
Homeland Security on July 15, 2011. 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011). The
Court directed TSA to conduct notice and comment rulemaking on the use
of AIT in the primary screening of passengers.
 Statement of Need: TSA is issuing this rulemaking to respond to the
decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit in EPIC v. DHS 653 F.3d 1 (D.C. Cir. 2011).
 Summary of Legal Basis: In its decision in EPIC v. DHS 653 F.3d 1
(D.C. Cir. 2011), the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit found that TSA failed to justify its failure to conduct notice
and comment rulemaking and remanded to TSA for further proceedings.
 Alternatives: As alternatives to the preferred regulatory proposal
presented in the NPRM, TSA examined three other options. These
alternatives include a continuation of the screening environment prior
to 2008 (no action), increased use of physical pat-down searches that
supplements primary screening with walk through metal detectors
(WTMDs), and increased use of explosive trace detection (ETD) screening
that supplements primary screening with WTMDs. These alternatives, and
the reasons why TSA rejected them in favor of the proposed rule, are
discussed in detail in chapter 3 of the AIT NPRM regulatory evaluation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: TSA reports that the net cost of AIT
deployment from 2008-2011 has been $841.2 million (undiscounted) and
that TSA has borne over 99 percent of all costs related to AIT
deployment. TSA projects that from 2012-2015 net AIT related costs will
be approximately $1.5 billion (undiscounted), $1.4 billion at a three
percent discount rate, and $1.3 billion at a seven percent discount
rate. During 2012-2015, TSA estimates it will also incur over 98
percent of AIT-related costs with equipment and personnel costs being
the largest categories of expenditures. The operations described in
this rule produce benefits by reducing security risks through the
deployment of AIT that is capable of detecting both metallic and non-
metallic weapons and explosives. Terrorists continue to test security
measures in an attempt to find and exploit vulnerabilities. The threat
to aviation security has evolved to include the use of non-metallic
explosives. AIT is a proven technology based on laboratory testing and
field experience and is an essential component of TSA's security
screening because it provides the best opportunity to detect metallic
and nonmetallic anomalies concealed under clothing. More information
about costs and benefits can be found in the Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking.
 Risks: DHS aims to prevent terrorist attacks and to reduce the
vulnerability of the United States to terrorism. By screening
passengers with AIT, TSA will reduce the risk that a terrorist will
smuggle a non-metallic threat on board an aircraft.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/26/13 78 FR 18287
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/24/13 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.

[[Page 76553]]

Agency Contact: Chawanna Carrington, Project Manager, Passenger
Screening Program, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation
Security Administration, Office of Security Capabilities, 601 South
12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6016, Phone: 571 227-2958, Fax: 571
227-1931, Email: chawanna.carrington@tsa.dhs.gov
 Monica Grasso Ph.D., Manager, Economic Analysis Branch-Cross Modal
Division, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of Security Policy and Industry Engagement, 601
South 12th Street, Arlington, VA 20598-6028, Phone: 571 227-3329,
Email: monica.grasso@tsa.dhs.gov
 Linda L. Kent, Asst. Chief Counsel for Regulations and Security
Standards, Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security
Administration, Office of the Chief Counsel, 601 South 12th Street,
Arlington, VA 20598-6002, Phone: 571 227-2675, Fax: 571 227-1381,
Email: linda.kent@tsa.dhs.gov
 RIN: 1652-AA67

DHS--U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT (USICE)

Final Rule Stage

89. Adjustments to Limitations on Designated School Official Assignment
and Study by F-2 and M-2 Nonimmigrants

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 8 U.S.C. 1101 to 1103; 8 U.S.C. 1182; 8 U.S.C.
1184
 CFR Citation: 8 CFR 214.2(f)(15); 8 CFR 214.3(a); 8 CFR 214.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will revise 8 CFR parts 214.2 and 214.3.
As proposed, it would provide additional flexibility to schools in
determining the number of designated school officials (DSOs) to
nominate for the oversight of the school's campuses where F-1 and M-1
nonimmigrant students are enrolled. Current regulation limits the
number of DSOs to 10 per school, or 10 per campus in a multi-campus
school. Second, as proposed, the rule would permit F-2 and M-2 spouses
and children accompanying academic and vocational nonimmigrant students
with F-1 or M-1 nonimmigrant status to enroll in study at an SEVP-
certified school so long as any study remains less than a full course
of study.
 Statement of Need: The rule would improve management of
international student programs and increase opportunities for study by
spouses and children of nonimmigrant students. The rule would grant
school officials more flexibility in determining the number of
designated school officials (DSOs) to nominate for the oversight of
campuses. The rule would also provide greater incentive for
international students to study in the United States by permitting
accompanying spouses and children of academic and vocational
nonimmigrant students with F-1 or M-1 nonimmigrant status to enroll in
less than a full course of study at an SEVP-certified school.
 Summary of Legal Basis:
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The anticipated costs of the rule
derive from the existing requirement for reporting to DHS additional
DSOs and any training that new DSOs would undertake. The primary
benefits of the NPRM are providing flexibility to schools in the number
of DSOs allowed and providing greater incentive for international
students to study in the United States by permitting accompanying
spouses and children of academic and vocational nonimmigrant students
in F-1 or M-1 status to enroll in study at an SEVP-certified school so
long as they are not engaged in a full course of study.
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/21/13 78 FR 69778
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Katherine H. Westerlund, Acting Unit Chief, SEVP
Policy, Student and Exchange Visitor Program, Department of Homeland
Security, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Potomac Center
North, 500 12th Street, SW., STOP 5600, Washington, DC 20536-5600,
Phone: 703 603-3414, Email: katherine.h.westerlund@ice.dhs.gov
 Related RIN: Previously reported as 1615-AA19
 RIN: 1653-AA63
BILLING CODE 9110-9B-P

DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Regulatory Plan for the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, together with HUD's Fall
Semiannual Agenda of Regulations, highlights the most significant
regulatory initiatives that HUD seeks to complete during the upcoming
fiscal year. As described by Secretary Castro during his confirmation
hearings, HUD is a critical federal agency because it directly impacts
American families, from enforcing fair housing rights to revitalizing
distressed areas, from assisting veterans and finding permanent
housing, to helping communities rebuild after a natural disaster hits,
HUD impacts small towns, big cities, rural communities and tribal
communities across the country.\1\ Through its programs, HUD works to
strengthen the housing market and protect consumers; meet the need for
quality affordable rental homes; utilize housing as a platform for
improving quality of life; and build inclusive and sustainable
communities free from discrimination.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee
Confirmation Hearing on the Nomination of Julian Castro to be
Housing and Urban Development Secretary and Laura S. Wertheimer to
be the Federal Housing Finance Agency Inspector General, 113th Cong.
(June 17, 2014) (Statement of Juli[aacute]n Castro).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

As discussed in HUD's 2010-2015, Strategic Plan, a central feature
of HUD's mission is nurturing opportunities for job growth and business
expansion in American communities, particularly those that are
economically distressed. HUD's experience is that job growth and
business expansion are essential to creating viable communities that
provide residents opportunities that enhance their quality of life.
Economic development, however, must be tailored to the assets and needs
of the community in a way that maintains and enhances affordability and
local character. HUD utilizes several tools to achieve this goal,
including the providing tax incentives and Federal financial assistance
that assist communities to carry out a wide range of community
development activities directed toward neighborhood revitalization,
economic development, and improved community facilities and services.
Another tool that HUD has to support job growth and economic activity
is Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as
amended, which ensures that

[[Page 76554]]

employment and other economic opportunities generated by Federal
financial assistance for housing and community development programs
are, to the greatest extent feasible, directed toward low- and very
low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of government
assistance for housing.
 Consistent with its 2010-2015 Strategic Plan, HUD's Regulatory Plan
for FY2015 focuses on strengthening, through regulation, Section 3 to
update and better align it with the statutory changes to HUD's housing
and community development programs since HUD issued the regulation in
1994. This effort will also provide recipients of HUD financial
assistance more discretion when carrying out their Section 3
responsibilities while simultaneously increasing their accountability
to HUD and the communities that they serve.

Priority: Enhancing Economic Development and Job Creation Through
Section 3

The purpose of Section 3 is to ensure that the employment and other
economic opportunities generated by Federal financial assistance, to
the greatest extent feasible, be directed to low-and very low-income
persons, particularly those who are recipients of government assistance
for housing. In this regard, the statute recognizes that the employment
and other economic opportunities generated by projects and activities
that receive Federal housing and community development assistance offer
an effective means of empowering low- and very low-income persons and
to business concerns that provide economic opportunities to these
persons. Notwithstanding, HUD's Section 3 regulations have not been
updated since 1994. In the 20 years that have passed since HUD
promulgated its Section 3 regulations, significant legislation has been
enacted that affects HUD programs that are subject Section 3. These
legislative changes are not adequately addressed by HUD's current
Section 3 regulations.
 In addition, recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties have expressed, in HUD's organized listening sessions, that the
existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit about specific
actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance; that the
existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to which
recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors
to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients may take to
impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their subrecipients,
contractors, and subcontractors. Finally, HUD's Office of Inspector
General (OIG) conducted an audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of
Section 3 in response to concerns about economic opportunities that
were provided (or should have been provided) as a result of the
expenditure of financial assistance under the American Reinvestment and
Recovery Act (Recovery Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17,
2009).
 As a result, HUD proposes to update and clarify its Section 3
regulations to better fulfill the purpose of Section 3 and maximize the
employment and contracting opportunities available to the low and very
low-income residents of communities enjoying the benefit of Federal
financial assistance in support of economic development and to business
concerns that provide economic opportunities to these persons.
Regulatory Action: Creating Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very
Low-Income Persons and Eligible Businesses Through Strengthened
``Section 3'' Requirements
 Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, as
amended by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992,
contributes to the establishment of stronger, more sustainable
communities by ensuring that employment and other economic
opportunities generated by Federal financial assistance for housing and
community development programs are, to the greatest extent feasible,
directed toward low- and very low-income persons, particularly those
who are recipients of government assistance for housing and to business
concerns that provide economic opportunities to these persons. HUD is
statutorily charged with the authority and responsibility to implement
and enforce Section 3. HUD's regulations implementing the requirements
of Section 3 have not been updated since 1994. This proposed rule would
update HUD's Section 3 regulations to address new programs established
since 1994 that are subject to the Section 3 requirements, and revise
the regulations to both better promote compliance with the requirements
of Section 3 by recipients of Section 3 covered financial assistance,
while also recognizing barriers to compliance that may exist, and
overall strengthening HUD's oversight of Section 3.

Aggregate Costs and Benefits

Executive Order 12866, as amended, requires the agency to provide
its best estimate of the combined aggregate costs and benefits of all
regulations included in the agency's Regulatory Plan that will be made
effective in calendar year 2015. HUD expects that the neither the total
economic costs nor the total efficiency gains will exceed $100 million.

Priority Regulations in HUD's FY 2015 Regulatory Plan

HUD--OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Proposed Rule Stage

Creating Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very Low-Income Persons
and Eligible Businesses Through Strengthened ``Section 3'' Requirements
 Priority: Significant.
 Legal Authority: 12 U.S.C. 1701u; 42 U.S.C. 1450; 42 U.S.C. 3301;
42 U.S.C. 3535(d).
 CFR Citation: 24 CFR 135.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise HUD's regulations found
at 24 CFR part 135, which ensure that employment, training, and
contracting opportunities generated by certain HUD financial assistance
shall, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing
Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, be directed to low- and
very low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of
Government assistance for housing and to business concerns that provide
economic opportunities to these persons. Part 135 was last revised to
incorporate the statutory amendments of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992. This proposed rule would update part 135 to:
(1) Reflect certain changes in the design and implementation of HUD
programs that are subject to the section 3 regulations; (2) clarify the
obligations of covered recipient agencies; and (3) simplify the
Department's section 3 complaint processing procedures.
 Statement of Need: Section 3 requirements have been governed by an
interim regulation since 1994 and the Department is obligated to
promulgate final regulations. Equally important, HUD programs subject
to Section 3 have undergone significant legislative change. This
includes, reforms made to HUD's Indian housing programs by the Native
American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996
(NAHASDA) (Public Law 104-330, approved October 26, 1996); public
housing reforms made by the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act
of 1998 (QHWRA) (Public Law 105-276,

[[Page 76555]]

approved by October 21, 1998); reforms made to HUD's supportive housing
programs by the Section 202 Supportive Housing for the Elderly Act of
2010 (Public Law 111-372, approved January 4, 2011), and the Frank
Melville Supportive Housing Investment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-347,
approved January 4, 2011); and more recently reforms made to HUD's
public housing by the Rental Assistance Demonstration program
authorized by the act appropriating 2012 funding for HUD, the
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public
Law 112-55, approved November 18, 2011). HUD proposes to clarify and
strengthen its Section 3 regulations to incorporate new programs
established since 1994 that are subject to Section 3 requirements,
revise the existing regulation to enhance compliance by recipients of
covered HUD assistance, and mitigate barriers to achieving compliance.
 In August 2010, HUD hosted a Section 3 Listening Forum \2\ that
brought together recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties to highlight best practices and to discuss barriers to
implementation across the country. The forum offered recipients of
Section 3 covered financial assistance the opportunity to identify
challenges they were facing in complying with Section 3. Participants
stated that the existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit
about specific actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance;
that the existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to
which recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and
subcontractors to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients
may take to impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their
subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\
https://nhlp.org/files/09%20Section%203%20Barriers%20and%20best%20practices%208%
2024%2010%20Final%20with%20attachment.pdf
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, HUD's Office of Inspector General (OIG) conducted an
audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of Section 3 in response to
concerns about economic opportunities that were provided (or should
have been provided) as a result of the expenditure of financial
assistance under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act (Recovery
Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17, 2009). HUD's OIG
concluded that HUD did not enforce the reporting requirements of
Section 3 for recipients of FY 2009 Recovery Act Public Housing Capital
funds from HUD.\3\ HUD's OIG made several recommendations to address
its findings including developing procedures to take administrative
measures against recipients that fail to comply with Section 3
requirements and publishing a Section 3 final rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ See:
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alternatives: Efforts have been made to improve HUD's Section 3
efforts independent of regulatory change, by increased reporting
compliance, use of Notices of Financial Assistance (NOFA) competitions
for Section 3 coordinators, and a business registry. These initiatives
have been helpful, but as HUD's Office of Inspector General \4\ noted,
regulatory change is important and necessary to clarify areas of
confusion without subjecting recipients who operated in good faith to
legal problems.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The proposed rule will enhance
employment opportunities for Section 3 residents and contracting
opportunities for Section 3 businesses. In doing so, the proposed rule
imposes additional recordkeeping, verification, procurement,
monitoring, and complaint processing requirements on covered
recipients. Additional administrative work will be one of the outcomes
of an invigorated effort to provide economic opportunities to the
greatest extent feasible. HUD has estimated that total reporting and
record keeping burden would be $6.5 million the first year the rule
goes into effect and $2.2 million annually in succeeding years.
 Section 3 does not create additional jobs. Instead, a more rigorous
targeting of economic opportunity will direct (transfer) positions and
contracts to those eligible under Section 3. A reasonable estimate of
the impact would be protection for an additional 1,400 Section 3 jobs
annually from increased oversight and clarification of program
standards. Finally, as tenant incomes rise, the federal rental subsidy
for those tenants would decline. Such an effect would constitute a
transfer from tenants to the U.S. government and could be as large as
$19 million annually.
 This rule will not have any impact on the level of funding for the
impacted programs. Funding is determined independently by congressional
appropriations. It will, however, affect the allocation of resources.
 Risks: This rule poses no risk to public health, safety, or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR CITE
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM.................................... 12/00/ ...................
 2014
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 # Federalism Affected: No.
 # Energy Affected: No.
 International Impacts: No.
 Agency Contact:Agency Contact: Sara K. Pratt, Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Enforcement and Programs, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, 451 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20410, Phone: 202 402-
6978.
 RIN: 2529-AA91

HUD--Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity (FHEO)

Proposed Rule Stage

90. Economic Opportunities for Low- and Very Low-Income Persons (FR-
4893)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 12 U.S.C. 1701u; 42 U.S.C. 1450; 42 U.S.C. 3301;
42 U.S.C. 3535(d)
 CFR Citation: 24 CFR 135.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would revise HUD's regulations found
at 24 CFR part 135, which ensure that employment, training, and
contracting opportunities generated by certain HUD financial assistance
shall, to the greatest extent feasible, and consistent with existing
Federal, State, and local laws and regulations, be directed to low- and
very low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of
Government assistance for housing and to business concerns that provide
economic opportunities to these persons. Part 135 was last revised to
incorporate the statutory amendments of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992. This proposed rule would update part 135 to:
(1) Reflect certain changes in the design and implementation of HUD
programs that are subject to the section 3 regulations; (2) clarify the
obligations of covered recipient agencies; and (3) simplify the
Department's section 3 complaint processing procedures.
 Statement of Need: Section 3 requirements have been governed by an

[[Page 76556]]

interim regulation since 1994 and the Department is obligated to
promulgate final regulations. Equally important, HUD programs subject
to Section 3 have undergone significant legislative change. This
includes, reforms made to HUD's Indian housing programs by the Native
American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996
(NAHASDA) (Public Law 104-330, approved October 26, 1996); public
housing reforms made by the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act
of 1998 (QHWRA) (Public Law 105-276, approved by October 21, 1998);
reforms made to HUD's supportive housing programs by the Section 202
Supportive Housing for the Elderly Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-372,
approved January 4, 2011), and the Frank Melville Supportive Housing
Investment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-347, approved January 4, 2011);
and more recently reforms made to HUD's public housing by the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program authorized by the act appropriating
2012 funding for HUD, the Consolidated and Further Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112-55, approved November 18,
2011). HUD proposes to clarify and strengthen its Section 3 regulations
to incorporate new programs established since 1994 that are subject to
Section 3 requirements, revise the existing regulation to enhance
compliance by recipients of covered HUD assistance, and mitigate
barriers to achieving compliance.
 In August 2010, HUD hosted a Section 3 Listening Forum \5\ that
brought together recipients of Section 3 covered HUD financial
assistance, community advocates, representatives from national housing
organizations, Section 3 residents and businesses, and other interested
parties to highlight best practices and to discuss barriers to
implementation across the country. The forum offered recipients of
Section 3 covered financial assistance the opportunity to identify
challenges they were facing in complying with Section 3. Participants
stated that the existing regulations are not sufficiently explicit
about specific actions that could be undertaken to achieve compliance;
that the existing regulations do not clearly describe the extent to
which recipients may require subrecipients, contractors, and
subcontractors to comply with Section 3; and actions that recipients
may take to impose meaningful sanctions for noncompliance by their
subrecipients, contractors, and subcontractors.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\
https://nhlp.org/files/09%20Section%203%20Barriers%20and%20best%20practices%208%
2024%2010%20Final%20with%20attachment.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, HUD's Office of Inspector General (OIG) conducted an
audit in 2013 to assess HUD's oversight of Section 3 in response to
concerns about economic opportunities that were provided (or should
have been provided) as a result of the expenditure of financial
assistance under the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act (Recovery
Act) (Public Law 111-5, approved February 17, 2009). HUD's OIG
concluded that HUD did not enforce the reporting requirements of
Section 3 for recipients of FY 2009 Recovery Act Public Housing Capital
funds from HUD \6\. HUD's OIG made several recommendations to address
its findings including developing procedures to take administrative
measures against recipients that fail to comply with Section 3
requirements and publishing a Section 3 final rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ See:
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary of Legal Basis: Section 3 was enacted as a part of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (Public Law 90-448, approved
August 1, 1968) to bring economic opportunities, generated by the
expenditure of certain HUD financial assistance, to the greatest extent
feasible, to low- and very low-income persons residing in communities
where the financial assistance is expended. Section 3 recognizes that
HUD funds are often one of the largest sources of funds expended in
low-income communities and, where such funds are spent on activities
such as construction and rehabilitation of housing and other public
facilities, the expenditure results in new jobs and other
opportunities. By directing new economic opportunities to residents and
businesses in the community in which the funds are expended, the
expenditure can have the double benefit of creating new or
rehabilitated housing or other facilities in such communities while
also creating jobs for the residents of these communities. Section 3
was amended by the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992
(Public Law 102-550, approved October 28, 1992), which required the
Secretary of HUD to promulgate regulations to implement Section 3,
codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701u. HUD's Section 3 regulations were
promulgated through an interim rule published on June 30, 1994, at 59
FR 33880, and are codified in 24 CFR part 135. This proposed rule would
update HUD's Section 3 regulations to address new programs established
since 1994 that are subject to the Section 3 requirements, and revise
the regulations to both better promote compliance with the requirements
of Section 3 by recipients of Section 3 covered financial assistance,
while also recognizing barriers to compliance that may exist, and
overall strengthening HUD's oversight of Section 3.
 Alternatives: Efforts have been made to improve HUD's Section 3
efforts independent of regulatory change, by increased reporting
compliance, use of Notices of Financial Assistance (NOFA) competitions
for Section 3 coordinators, and a business registry. These initiatives
have been helpful, but as HUD's Office of Inspector General \7\ noted,
regulatory change is important and necessary to clarify areas of
confusion without subjecting recipients who operated in good faith to
legal problems.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\7\
http://www.hudoig.gov/reports-publications/audit-reports/hud-did-not-enforce-rep
orting-requirements-of-section-3-of.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The proposed rule will enhance
employment opportunities for Section 3 residents and contracting
opportunities for Section 3 businesses. In doing so, the proposed rule
imposes additional recordkeeping, verification, procurement,
monitoring, and complaint processing requirements on covered
recipients. Additional administrative work will be one of the outcomes
of an invigorated effort to provide economic opportunities to the
greatest extent feasible. HUD has estimated that total reporting and
record keeping burden would be $6.5 million the first year the rule
goes into effect and $2.2 million annually in succeeding years.
 Section 3 does not create additional jobs. Instead, a more rigorous
targeting of economic opportunity will direct (transfer) positions and
contracts to those eligible under Section 3. A reasonable estimate of
the impact would be protections for an additional 1,400 Section 3 jobs
annually from increased oversight and clarification of program
standards. Finally, as tenant incomes rise, the federal rental subsidy
for those tenants would decline. Such an effect would constitute a
transfer from tenants to the U.S. government and could be as large as
$19 million annually.
 This rule will not have any impact on the level of funding for the
impacted programs. Funding is determined independently by congressional
appropriations. It will, however, affect the allocation of resources.
 Risks: This rule poses no risk to public health, safety, or the
environment.

[[Page 76557]]

Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Sara K. Pratt, Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Enforcement and Programs, Department of Housing and Urban Development,
451 7th Street SW., Washington, DC 20410, Phone: 202 402-6978.
 RIN: 2529-AA91
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR (DOI)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of the Interior (DOI) is the principal Federal
steward of our Nation's public lands and resources, including many of
our cultural treasures. DOI serves as trustee to Native Americans and
Alaska native trust assets and is responsible for relations with the
island territories under United States jurisdiction. The Department
manages more than 500 million acres of Federal lands, including 401
park units, 560 wildlife refuges, and approximately 1.7 billion
submerged offshore acres. These areas include natural resources that
are essential for America's industry--oil and gas, coal, and minerals
such as gold and uranium. On public lands and the Outer Continental
Shelf, Interior provides access for renewable and conventional energy
development and manages the protection and restoration of surface-mined
lands.
 The Department protects and recovers endangered species; protects
natural, historic, and cultural resources; manages water projects that
are a lifeline and economic engine for many communities in the West;
manages forests and fights wildfires; manages Federal energy resources;
regulates surface coal mining operations; reclaims abandoned coal
mines; educates children in Indian schools; and provides recreational
opportunities for over 400 million visitors annually in the Nation's
national parks, public lands, national wildlife refuges, and recreation
areas.
 DOI will continue to review and update its regulations and policies
to ensure that they are effective and efficient, and that they promote
accountability and sustainability. DOI will emphasize regulations and
policies that:
 Promote environmentally responsible, safe, and balanced
development of renewable and conventional energy on our public lands
and the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS);
 Use the best available science to ensure that public
resources are protected, conserved, and used wisely;
 Preserve America's natural treasures for future
generations;
 Improve the nation-to-nation relationship with American
Indian tribes and promote tribal self-determination and self-
governance;
 Promote partnerships with States, tribes, local
governments, other groups, and individuals to achieve common goals; and
 Promote transparency, fairness, accountability, and the
highest ethical standards while maintaining performance goals.

Major Regulatory Areas

The Department's bureaus implement congressionally mandated
programs through their regulations. Some of these regulatory programs
include:
 Developing onshore and offshore energy, including
renewable, mineral, oil and gas, and other energy resources;
 Regulating surface coal mining and reclamation operations
on public and private lands;
 Managing migratory birds and preserving marine mammals and
endangered species;
 Managing dedicated lands, such as national parks, wildlife
refuges, National Landscape Conservation System lands, and American
Indian trust lands;
 Managing public lands open to multiple use;
 Managing revenues from American Indian and Federal
minerals;
 Fulfilling trust and other responsibilities pertaining to
American Indians and Alaska Natives;
 Managing natural resource damage assessments; and
 Managing assistance programs.

Regulatory Policy

DOI's regulatory programs seek to operate programs transparently,
efficiently, and cooperatively while maximizing protection of our land,
resources, and environment in a fiscally responsible way by:
 (1) Protecting Natural, Cultural, and Heritage Resources.
 The Department's mission includes protecting and providing access
to our Nation's natural and cultural heritage and honoring our trust
responsibilities to tribes. We are committed to this mission and to
applying laws and regulations fairly and effectively. Our priorities
include protecting public health and safety, restoring and maintaining
public lands, protecting threatened and endangered species,
ameliorating land- and resource-management problems on public lands,
and ensuring accountability and compliance with Federal laws and
regulations.
 (2) Sustainably Using Energy, Water, and Natural Resources.
 Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the Department has
focused on renewable energy issues and has established priorities for
environmentally responsible development of renewable energy on public
lands and the OCS. Industry has responded by investing in the
development of wind farms off the Atlantic seacoast and solar, wind,
and geothermal energy facilities throughout the West. Power generation
from these new energy sources produces virtually no greenhouse gases
and, when done in an environmentally responsible manner, harnesses with
minimum impact abundant renewable energy. The Department will continue
its intra- and inter-departmental efforts to move forward with the
environmentally responsible review and permitting of renewable energy
projects on public lands, and will identify how its regulatory
processes can be improved to facilitate the responsible development of
these resources.
 In implementing these priorities through its regulations, the
Department will create jobs and contribute to a healthy economy while
protecting our signature landscapes, natural resources, wildlife, and
cultural resources.
 (3) Empowering People and Communities.
 The Department strongly encourages public participation in the
regulatory process and will continue to actively engage the public in
the implementation of priority initiatives. Throughout the Department,
individual bureaus and offices are ensuring that the American people
have an active role in managing our Nation's public lands and
resources.
 For example, every year FWS establishes migratory bird hunting
seasons in partnership with flyway councils composed of State fish and
wildlife agencies. FWS also holds a series of public meetings to give
other interested parties, including hunters and other groups,
opportunities to participate in establishing the upcoming season's
regulations. Similarly, BLM uses Resource Advisory Councils to advise
on management of public lands and resources. These citizen-based groups
allow individuals from all

[[Page 76558]]

backgrounds and interests to have a voice in management of public
lands.

Retrospective Review of Regulations

President Obama's Executive Order 13563 directs agencies to make
the regulatory system work better for the American public. Regulations
should ``. . . protect public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' DOI's plan for retrospective
regulatory review identifies specific efforts to relieve regulatory
burdens, add jobs to the economy, and make regulations work better for
the American public while protecting our environment and resources. The
DOI plan seeks to strengthen and maintain a culture of retrospective
review by consolidating all regulatory review requirements into DOI's
annual regulatory plan.
 The Department routinely meets with stakeholders to solicit
feedback and gather input on how to incorporate performance based
standards. DOI has received helpful public input through this process
and will continue to participate in this effort with relevant
interagency partners as part of its retrospective regulatory review.
 Under section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following Regulation
Identifier Numbers (RINs) were identified as associated with
retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan, which can be viewed at
http://www.doi.gov/open/regsreview.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Reduces burdens on small
 Bureau Title & RIN Description business?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Office of Natural Resources Oil and Gas Royalty DOI is exploring a Yes.
 Revenue. Valuation. simplified market-based
 1012-AA13.......... approach to arrive at
 the value of oil and
 gas for royalty
 purposes that could
 dramatically reduce
 accounting and
 paperwork requirements
 and costs on industry
 and better ensure
 proper royalty
 valuation by creating a
 more transparent
 royalty calculation
 method.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ ESA Section 7 Court decisions over the No.
 Consultation last decade have
 Process; prompted us, along with
 Incidental Take the National Marine
 Statements. Fisheries Service
 1018-AX85.......... (NOAA, Commerce), to
 consider clarifying our
 regulations concerning
 incidental take
 statements during
 section 7 consultation
 under the Endangered
 Species Act. A proposed
 rule published on
 September 4, 2013. The
 proposed changes
 address use of
 surrogates to express
 the limit of exempted
 take and how to
 determine when deferral
 of an incidental take
 exemption is
 appropriate. This is a
 joint rulemaking with
 NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ Regulations The proposed rule would No.
 Governing revise requirements for
 Designation of designating critical
 Critical Habitat habitat under the
 Under Section 4 of Endangered Species Act.
 the ESA. The proposed revisions
 1018-AX86.......... would make minor edits
 to the scope and
 purpose, add and remove
 some definitions, and
 clarify the criteria
 for designating
 critical habitat. A
 number of factors,
 including litigation
 and experience in
 interpreting and
 applying the statutory
 definition of critical
 habitat, have
 highlighted the need to
 clarify or revise the
 current regulations.
 This is a joint
 rulemaking with NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ Policy Regarding This draft policy would No.
 Implementation of explain how we consider
 Section 4(b)(2) of partnerships and
 the Endangered conservation plans;
 Species Act. habitat conservation
 1018-AX87.......... plans; and tribal,
 military, and Federal
 lands in the exclusion
 process. This draft
 policy is meant to
 complement our proposed
 regulatory amendments
 regarding exclusions
 from critical habitat
 and to clarify
 expectations regarding
 critical habitat. The
 policy would provide a
 credible, predictable,
 and simplified critical-
 habitat-exclusion
 process and foster
 clarity and consistency
 in designation of
 critical habitat. We
 will seek public review
 and comment on the
 proposed policy. This
 is a joint policy with
 NOAA.
Fish and Wildlife Service........ ESA Section 7 The proposed rule would No.
 Consultation amend the existing
 Regulations; regulations governing
 Definition of section 7 consultation
 ``Destruction or under the Endangered
 Adverse Species Act to revise
 Modification'' of the definition of
 Critical Habitat. ``destruction or
 1018-AX88.......... adverse modification''
 of critical habitat.
 The current regulatory
 definition has been
 invalidated by the
 courts for being
 inconsistent with the
 language of the
 Endangered Species Act.
 The revised definition
 will provide the
 Services and Federal
 agencies with greater
 clarity in how to
 ensure that any action
 they authorize, fund,
 or carry out is not
 likely to result in the
 destruction or adverse
 modification of
 critical habitat,
 consistent with section
 7(a)(2) of the ESA.
 This is a joint
 rulemaking with NOAA.

[[Page 76559]]


Bureau of Indian Affairs......... Procedures for The Department is No.
 Establishing that examining its
 an Indian Group regulations governing
 Exists as an the process and
 Indian Tribe. criteria by which
 1076-AF18.......... Indian groups are
 federally acknowledged
 as Indian tribes to
 determine how
 regulatory changes
 could increase
 transparency,
 timeliness, efficiency,
 and flexibility, while
 maintaining the
 integrity of the
 acknowledgment process.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

DOI bureaus work to make our regulations easier to comply with and
understand. Our regulatory process ensures that bureaus share ideas on
how to reduce regulatory burdens while meeting the requirements of the
laws they enforce and improving their stewardship of the environment
and resources. Results include:
 Effective stewardship of our Nation's resources in a way
that is responsive to the needs of small businesses;
 Increased benefits per dollar spent by careful evaluation
of the economic effects of planned rules; and
 Improved compliance and transparency by use of plain
language in our regulations and guidance documents.

Bureaus and Offices Within DOI

The following sections give an overview of some of the major
regulatory priorities of DOI bureaus and offices.
Bureau of Indian Affairs
 The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) provides services to
approximately 1.9 million Indians and Alaska Natives, and maintains a
government-to-government relationship with the 566 federally recognized
Indian tribes. The Bureau also administers and manages 55 million acres
of surface land and 57 million acres of subsurface minerals held in
trust by the United States for Indians and Indian tribes. BIA's mission
is to enhance the quality of life, promote economic opportunity, and
protect and improve the trust assets of American Indians, Indian
tribes, and Alaska Natives, as well as to provide quality education
opportunities to students in Indian schools.
 In the coming year, BIA will continue its focus on improved
management of trust responsibilities with each regulatory review and
revision. The Bureau will also continue to promote economic development
in Indian communities by ensuring the regulations support, rather than
hinder, productive land management.
 In addition, BIA will focus on updating Indian education
regulations and on other regulatory changes to increase transparency in
support of the President's Open Government Initiative.
 In the coming year, BIA's regulatory priorities are to:
 Develop regulations to meet the Indian trust reform goals
for rights-of-ways across Indian land.
 Develop regulatory changes necessary for improved Indian
education.
 BIA is reviewing regulations that require the Bureau of Indian
Education to follow 23 different State adequate yearly progress
standards; the review will determine whether a uniform standard would
better meet the needs of students at Bureau-funded schools. With regard
to undergraduate education, the Bureau of Indian Education is reviewing
regulations that address grants to tribally controlled community
colleges and other Indian education regulations. These reviews will
identify provisions that need to be updated to comply with applicable
statutes and ensure that the proper regulatory framework is in place to
support students in Bureau-funded schools.
 Develop regulatory changes to reform the process for
Federal acknowledgment of Indian tribes.
 Over the years, BIA has received significant comments from American
Indian groups and members of Congress on the Federal acknowledgment
process. Most of these comments criticize the current process as
cumbersome, overly restrictive, and lacking transparency. BIA is
reviewing the Federal acknowledgment regulations to determine how
regulatory changes may streamline the acknowledgment process and
clarify criteria by which an Indian group is examined.
 Revise regulations to reflect updated statutory provisions
and increase transparency.
 BIA is making a concentrated effort to improve the readability and
precision of its regulations. Because trust beneficiaries often turn to
the regulations for guidance on how a given BIA process works, BIA is
ensuring that each revised regulation is written as clearly as possible
and accurately reflects the current organization of the Bureau. The
Bureau is also simplifying language and eliminating obsolete
provisions. In the coming year, the Bureau also plans to revise
regulations regarding rights-of-way (25 CFR 169); Indian Reservation
Roads (25 CFR 170); and certain regulations specific to the Osage
Nation.
Bureau of Land Management
 BLM manages the 245-million-acre National System of Public Lands,
located primarily in the western States, including Alaska, and the 700-
million-acre subsurface mineral estate located throughout the Nation.
In doing so, BLM manages such varied uses as energy and mineral
development, outdoor recreation, livestock grazing, and forestry and
woodlands products. BLM's complex multiple-use mission affects the
lives of millions of Americans, including those who live near and visit
the public lands, as well as those who benefit from the commodities,
such as minerals, energy, or timber, produced from the lands' rich
resources. In undertaking its management responsibilities, BLM seeks to
conserve our public lands' natural and cultural resources and sustain
the health and productivity of the public lands for the use and
enjoyment of present and future generations. In the coming year, BLM's
highest regulatory priorities include:
 Revising outdated hydraulic fracturing regulations.
 BLM's existing regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing were
promulgated over 20 years ago and do not reflect modern technology. In
seeking to modernize its requirements and ensure the protection of our
Nation's public lands, BLM will finalize a rule that will disclose to
the public chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing on public land and
Indian land, strengthen regulations related to well-bore integrity, and
address issues related to recovered fluids.
 Creating a competitive process for offering lands for
solar and wind energy development.
 BLM recently published a proposed rule that would establish an
efficient competitive process for leasing public lands for solar and
wind energy development. The amended regulations would establish
competitive bidding procedures for lands within designated

[[Page 76560]]

solar and wind energy development leasing areas, define qualifications
for potential bidders, and structure the financial arrangements
necessary for the process. The rule would enhance BLM's ability to
capture fair market value for the use of public lands, ensure fair
access to leasing opportunities for renewable energy development, and
foster the growth and development of the renewable energy sector of the
economy.
 Preventing waste of produced gas and ensuring fair return
to the taxpayer.
 BLM's current requirements regarding venting and flaring from oil
and gas operations are over three decades old. The agency is currently
preparing a proposed rule to address emissions reductions and minimize
waste through improved standards for venting, flaring, and fugitive
losses of methane from oil and gas production facilities on Federal and
Indian lands.
 Seeking public input on managing waste mine methane.
 BLM issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPRM)
requesting information from the public that might assist the bureau in
the establishment of a program to capture, use, or destroy waste mine
methane from Federal coal leases and Federal leases for other solid
minerals. The BLM is currently reviewing the information received
through that process to identify potential appropriate regulatory
approaches to reduce the waste of methane from mining operations on
public lands.
 Ensuring a fair return to the American taxpayer for oil
shale development.
 BLM is preparing a final rule that would ensure responsible
development of federal oil shale resources and evaluate necessary
safeguards to protect scarce water resources and important wildlife
habitat while ensuring a fair royalty to the American people.
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM)
 The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) promotes energy
independence, environmental protection, and economic development
through responsible, science-based management of offshore conventional
and renewable energy resources. It is dedicated to fostering the
development of both conventional and renewable energy and mineral
resources on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) in an efficient and
effective manner, balancing the need for economic growth with the
protection of the environment. BOEM thoughtfully considers and balances
the potential environmental impacts involved in exploring and
extracting these resources. BOEM's near-term regulatory agenda will
focus on a number of issues, including:
 Expanding renewable energy resources.
 As part of President Obama's comprehensive plan to expand domestic
clean energy sources, BOEM has held multiple offshore renewable energy
lease sales along the Atlantic coast. These lease sales are the result
of years of collaboration, data gathering and analysis, and outreach
and have resulted in the identification of areas that are rich with
potential wind resources but also minimize conflicts with other
important OCS uses. . Based on the experiences to date in the offshore
renewable energy program, BOEM is evaluating lessons learned and
identifying opportunities for improvement in the program. As a part of
this effort, BOEM is conducting a comprehensive review of our renewable
energy regulations and highlighting areas for potential revision. For
example, the Bureau recently completed a rulemaking to provide
additional time for renewable energy developers to submit certain
plans, after BOEM determined that the previous timelines for submission
were proving to be unreasonable. This change provides an appropriate
balance between ensuring diligent progress on our renewable energy
leases and accounting for the needs of the renewable energy development
community.
 Two proposed rulemakings address recommendations submitted to BOEM
by the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies and its
stakeholders. Specifically, these include recommendations to: develop
and incorporate state of the art wind turbine design standards and to
clarify the role of Certified Verification Agents as part of the
process of designing, fabricating, and installing offshore wind energy
facilities for the OCS.
 Promoting safe drilling activities on the Arctic Outer
Continental Shelf
 BOEM, jointly with the Bureau of Safety and Environmental
Enforcement (BSEE), is developing proposed rules to promote safe,
responsible, and effective drilling activities on the Alaska Outer
Continental Shelf, while also ensuring the protection of Alaska's
coastal communities and the marine environment.
 Protecting the Environment.
 In a continuing effort to ensure that the effects of any future
potential oil spills can be minimized and fully mitigated, BOEM is
amending its regulations to raise the limits of liability associated
with future spills. BOEM has teamed with the U.S. Coast Guard and the
Department of Justice in developing new regulations to ensure that
necessary resources will be made available to address potential
contingencies of any future oil spill and associated damages.
 Updating BOEM's Air Quality Program.
 BOEM's original air quality rules date largely from 1980 and have
not been updated substantially since that time. From 1990 to 2012, DOI
has exercised jurisdiction for air quality only for OCS sources
operating in the Gulf of Mexico. In fiscal year 2012, Congress expanded
DOI's authority by transferring to it responsibility for monitoring OCS
air quality off the North Slope Borough of the State of Alaska,
including the Beaufort Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and part of the Hope
Basin. BOEM is in the process of updating its regulations to reflect
changes that have occurred over the past thirty-four years and the new
regulatory jurisdiction. In its development of proposed regulations,
BOEM will continue to consult and coordinate its efforts with the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Park Service and the
Environmental Protection Agency.
 Modernizing Oil and Gas Leasing Regulations.
 BOEM is developing a final rule to update and streamline the
existing OCS leasing regulations to better reflect modern policy
priorities, including incentivizing diligent development, as well as to
reflect changes in applicable laws that have occurred over the past
several years. The final rule reorganizes leasing requirements to
communicate more effectively and clearly the leasing process as it has
evolved, and to better delineate the roles, responsibilities and
associated liabilities of all parties having an economic interest in
leases or facilities on the OCS.
 Protecting OCS Sand, Gravel, and Shell Resources.
 In light of the continuing need to provide resources to protect the
coast from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy, BOEM is developing
policies and goals to formally address the use of OCS sand, gravel, or
shell resources funded by the Federal government. These policies are
intended to ensure that necessary sand and gravel resources remain
available to help communities that have been harmed by hurricanes and
other disasters, so that beaches and other natural resources can
effectively be restored, without adversely impacting the development of
transmission lines and pipelines needed for energy development
projects. Taken together, these policies will ensure that the
development of renewable and

[[Page 76561]]

conventional energy resources continues to take place in areas adjacent
to key sand and gravel resource zones and that sand and gravel
resources continue to be available for construction projects, shore
protection, beach replenishment, or wetlands restoration purposes.
 Promoting Effective Financial Assurance and Risk
Management.
 BOEM has the responsibility to ensure that lessees and operators on
the OCS do not engage in activities that could generate an undue risk
of financial loss to the government. BOEM formally established a
program office to review these issues, and issued an advance notice of
proposed rulemaking seeking feedback on potential regulatory approaches
to promote effective financial assurance and risk management. Agency
staff will continue to work with industry and others to determine how
to improve the regulatory regime to better align with the realities of
aging offshore infrastructure, hazard risks, and increasing costs of
decommissioning.
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement
 BSEE's mission is to regulate safety, emergency preparedness,
environmental responsibility and appropriate development and
conservation of offshore oil and natural gas resources. BSEE's
regulatory priorities are guided by the BSEE FY 2012-2015 Strategic
Plan, which includes two strategic goals to focus the Bureau's
priorities in fulfillment of its mission:
 Regulate, enforce, and respond to OCS development using
the full range of authorities, policies, and tools to compel safety and
environmental responsibility and appropriate development of offshore
oil and natural gas resources.
 Build and sustain the organizational, technical, and
intellectual capacity within and across BSEE's key functions--capacity
that keeps pace with OCS industry technology improvements, innovates in
regulation and enforcement, and reduces risk through systemic
assessment and regulatory and enforcement actions.
 BSEE has identified the following four areas of regulatory
priorities: (1) Safety; (2) Oil Spill Response; (3) Arctic; and (4)
Managing and Mitigating Risk via Improved Technology. Other regulatory
topics under development include decommissioning costs, pipelines, and
renewable energy.
 Safety
 BSEE will be requesting comments on regulatory options for
improving aviation safety, crane safety, and safety management systems.
 Oil Spill Response
 BSEE will update regulations for offshore oil spill response
planning and preparedness. This rule will incorporate lessons learned
from the Deepwater Horizon incident, improved preparedness capability
standards, and applicable research findings.
 Arctic
 BSEE is working with BOEM on a joint proposed rule to promote safe,
responsible, and effective drilling activities on the Arctic OCS while
ensuring protection of the Arctic's communities and marine environment.
 Managing and Mitigating Risk via Improved Technology
 BSEE will develop a proposed rule containing requirements on
blowout preventers and critical reforms in the areas of well design,
well control, casing, cementing, real-time monitoring, and subsea
containment. This proposed rule will address and implement multiple
recommendations resulting from various investigations from the
Deepwater Horizon incident.
 Additionally, BSEE will finalize revisions of its rule on
production safety systems and life cycle analysis. This rule will
expand the use of life cycle management of critical equipment. The rule
addresses issues such as subsurface safety devices, safety device
testing, and expands the requirements for operating production systems
on the OCS.
Office of Natural Resources Revenue
 ONRR will continue to collect, account for, and disburse revenues
from Federal offshore energy and mineral leases and from onshore
mineral leases on Federal and Indian lands. The program operates
nationwide and is primarily responsible for timely and accurate
collection, distribution, and accounting for revenues associated with
mineral and energy production. ONRR's regulatory plan is as follows:
 Simplify valuation regulations
 ONRR plans to simplify the regulations at title 30 of the Code of
Federal Regulations (CFR) part 1206 for establishing the value for
royalty purposes of (1) oil and natural gas produced from Federal
leases; and (2) coal produced from Federal and Indian leases.
Additionally, the proposed rules would consolidate sections of the
regulations common to all minerals, such as definitions and
instructions regarding how a payor should request a valuation
determination. ONRR published Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking
(ANPRMs) to initiate the rulemaking process and to obtain input from
interested parties.
 Clarify and simplify issuing notices of noncompliance and
civil penalties
 This rule would amend ONRR civil penalty regulations to: (1) Codify
application of those regulations to solid minerals and geothermal
leases as the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2009 authorizes; (2) adjust
Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act civil penalty amounts for
inflation as the Federal Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment Act
requires; (3) clarify and simplify the existing regulations for issuing
notices of noncompliance and civil penalties under 30 CFR part 1241;
and (4) provide notice that ONRR will post its matrices for civil
penalty assessments on the ONRR Web site.
 Clarify and simplify distribution and disbursement of
qualified revenues from certain leases under the GOMESA
 ONRR would amend the regulations on the distribution and
disbursement of qualified revenues from certain leases on the Gulf of
Mexico's Outer Continental Shelf, under the provisions of the Gulf of
Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006. These proposed regulations set
forth the formulas and methodologies for calculating and allocating
revenues during the second phase of revenue sharing to: The States of
Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas; their eligible Coastal
Political Subdivisions; the Land and Water Conservation Fund; and the
United States Treasury. Additionally, in this proposed rule, the
Department of the Interior moves the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act
of 2006's Phase I regulations from the Bureau of Ocean Energy
Management's 30 CFR chapter V to ONRR's 30 CFR chapter XII, and
proposes additional clarification and minor definition changes to the
current revenue-sharing regulations.
 Clarify and simplify valuation regulations for Indian oil
leases
 ONRR would ensure that Indian lessors receive maximum revenues from
their mineral resources, as required by statute and the Secretary's
trust responsibility. The existing rule was published in 1988 with some
amendments published in December 2007. Changes in the oil markets have
raised concerns regarding the valuation methods for Indian oil.
Generally, Indian leases have a provision that place the value of their
oil at the highest price paid for a major portion of production of
like-quality oil from the same field or area. Proposed changes that
followed the 1988 rule were met with disagreement from Tribes and
industry.
 In 2011, the Secretary convened the Indian Oil Negotiated
Rulemaking Committee (Committee), established under the Federal
Advisory Committee

[[Page 76562]]

Act, to address the major portion provision of the current Indian oil
and gas rule. The Committee submitted its recommendations to ONRR in
September 2013. Those recommendations form the basis of this proposed
rule. By revising the method for valuing oil produced on Indian leases,
the proposed rule provides clarity and certainty to all concerned
parties while additionally assuring that Tribes and allottees receive,
in a timely fashion, royalties that satisfy the major portion provision
contained in most Indian leases.
Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement
 The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM) was
created by the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977
(SMCRA). Under SMCRA, OSM has two principal functions--the regulation
of surface coal mining and reclamation operations and the reclamation
and restoration of abandoned coal mine lands. In enacting SMCRA,
Congress directed OSM to ``strike a balance between protection of the
environment and agricultural productivity and the Nation's need for
coal as an essential source of energy.'' In response to its statutory
mandate, OSM has sought to develop and maintain a stable regulatory
program that is safe, cost-effective, and environmentally sound. A
stable regulatory program ensures that the coal mining industry has
clear guidelines for operation and reclamation, and that citizens know
how the program is being implemented.
 OSM's Federal regulatory program sets minimum requirements for
obtaining a permit for surface and underground coal mining operations,
sets performance standards for those operations, requires reclamation
of lands and waters disturbed by mining, and requires enforcement to
ensure that the standards are met. OSM is the primary regulatory
authority for SMCRA enforcement until a State or Indian tribe develops
its own regulatory program, which is no less effective than the Federal
program. When a State or Indian tribe achieves ``primacy,'' it assumes
direct responsibility for permitting, inspection, and enforcement
activities under its federally approved regulatory program. The
regulatory standards in Federal program states and in primacy states
are essentially the same with only minor, non-substantive differences.
Today, 24 States have primacy, including 23 of the 24 coal producing
States. OSM's regulatory priorities for the coming year will focus on:
 Stream Protection.
 Protect streams and related environmental resources from the
adverse effects of surface coal mining operations. OSM plans to revise
its regulations to improve the balance between environmental protection
and the Nation's need for coal by better protecting streams from the
adverse impacts of surface coal mining operations.
 Coal Combustion Residues.
 Establish Federal standards for the beneficial use of coal
combustion residues on active and abandoned coal mines.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
 The mission of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) is to work
with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, and
plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American
people. FWS also provides opportunities for Americans to enjoy the
outdoors and our shared natural heritage.
 FWS fulfills its responsibilities through a diverse array of
programs that:
 Protect and recover endangered and threatened species;
 Monitor and manage migratory birds;
 Restore native aquatic populations and nationally
significant fisheries;
 Enforce Federal wildlife laws and regulate international
trade;
 Conserve and restore wildlife habitat such as wetlands;
 Help foreign governments conserve wildlife through
international conservation efforts;
 Distribute Federal funds to States, territories, and
tribes for fish and wildlife conservation projects; and
 Manage the more than 150-million-acre National Wildlife
Refuge System, which protects and conserves fish and wildlife and their
habitats and allows the public to engage in outdoor recreational
activities.
 During the next year, FWS regulatory priorities will include:
Regulations under the Endangered Species Act (ESA):
 We will issue multiple rules to add species to, remove species
from, and reclassify species on the Lists of Endangered and Threatened
Wildlife and Plants and to designate critical habitat for certain
listed species, and rules to transform the processes for listing
species and designating critical habitat. We will improve the listing
process by issuing rules to more clearly describe areas where listed
species are protected and revise the process for submitting petitions
to list, delist, or reclassify species. We will further the protection
of native species and their ecosystems through a policy that will
provide incentives for voluntary conservation actions taken for species
prior to their listing under the ESA. We will issue rules to improve
the process of critical habitat designation, including clarifying
definitions of ``critical habitat'' and ``destruction or adverse
modification'' of critical habitat, and a policy to explain how we
consider various factors in determining exclusions to critical habitat
under section 4(b)(2) of the ESA.
Regulations under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (MBTA):
 In carrying out our responsibility to manage migratory bird
populations, we issue annual migratory bird hunting regulations, which
establish the frameworks (outside limits) for States to establish
season lengths, bag limits, and areas for migratory game bird hunting.
To ensure proper administration of the MBTA, we will revise our
regulations to prevent the wanton waste of migratory game birds to
clarify that the hunting public must make reasonable efforts to
retrieve birds that have been killed or injured. We will also revise
our regulations regarding permits for certain take of eagles and eagle
nests and propose regulations for the use of raptors other than eagles
for abatement (the use of trained raptors to mitigate depredation
problems caused by birds or other wildlife).
Regulations to administer the National Wildlife Refuge System (NWRS):
 In carrying out our statutory responsibility to provide wildlife-
dependent recreational opportunities on NWRS lands, we issue an annual
rule to update the hunting and fishing regulations on specific refuges.
To ensure protection of NWRS resources, we will issue a proposed rule
to ensure that businesses conducting oil or gas operations on NWRS
lands do so in a manner that prevents or minimizes damage to the lands,
visitor values, and management objectives. We will also issue a policy
for managing cultural resources (archaeological resources, historic and
architectural properties, and areas or sites of traditional or
religious significance to Native Americans) on NWRS lands.
Regulations to carry out the Wildlife and Sport Fish Restoration (WSFR)
Act:
 To strengthen our partnership with State conservation
organizations, we are working on several rules to update and clarify
our WSFR regulations. States rely on FWS to distribute finances, and
the FWS relies on the States to implement

[[Page 76563]]

eligible conservation projects. We will expand on existing regulations
that prescribe processes that applicants and grantees must follow when
applying for and managing grants from FWS. Among other rules, we will
also revise our regulations under the Clean Vessel Act and Boating
Infrastructure Grant programs to improve management and execution of
those programs.
 In accordance with section 3(a) of Executive Order 13609
(``Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation''), we will issue the
following rulemaking actions:
Regulations to carry out the Convention on International Trade in
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES):
 We will update our CITES regulations to incorporate provisions
resulting from the 16th Conference of the Parties to CITES. The
revisions will help us more effectively promote species conservation
and help U.S. importers and exporters of wildlife products understand
how to conduct lawful international trade. We will also rewrite a
substantial portion of our regulations for the importation,
exportation, and transportation of wildlife by proposing changes to the
port structure and inspection fees and making the regulations easier to
understand.
 To help protect African elephants, we will revise our regulations
regarding ivory from African elephants to prohibit interstate commerce
and export, except for antique specimens and certain other items.
Import of sport-hunted trophies would still be allowed, but the number
of trophies that could be imported by a hunter in a given year would be
limited.
 Finally, to protect native species and prevent the spread of
injurious species, we will propose regulations to improve our process
for making injurious wildlife determinations for foreign species under
the Lacey Act to prevent the interstate transportation and commerce of
injurious wildlife.
National Park Service
 The NPS preserves unimpaired the natural and cultural resources and
values within more than 400 units of the National Park System
encompassing nearly 84 million acres of lands and waters for the
enjoyment, education, and inspiration of this and future generations.
NPS also cooperates with partners to extend the benefits of natural and
resource conservation and outdoor recreation throughout the United
States and the world.
 To achieve this mission NPS adheres to the following guiding
principles:
 Excellent Service: Providing the best possible service to
park visitors and partners.
 Productive Partnerships: Collaborating with Federal,
State, tribal, and local governments, private organizations, and
businesses to work toward common goals.
 Citizen Involvement: Providing opportunities for citizens
to participate in the decisions and actions of the National Park
Service.
 Heritage Education: Educating park visitors and the
general public about their history and common heritage.
 Outstanding Employees: Empowering a diverse workforce
committed to excellence, integrity, and quality work.
 Employee Development: Providing developmental
opportunities and training so employees have the ``tools to do the
job'' safely and efficiently.
 Wise Decisions: Integrating social, economic,
environmental, and ethical considerations into the decision-making
process.
 Effective Management: Instilling a performance management
philosophy that fosters creativity, focuses on results, and requires
accountability at all levels.
 Research and Technology: Incorporating research findings
and new technologies to improve work practices, products, and services.
 NPS regulatory priorities for the coming year include:
 Managing Off-Road Vehicle Use
 Rules for Fire Island National Seashore, Lake Meredith National
Recreation Area, Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, and Cape Lookout
National Seashore would allow for management of off-road vehicle (ORV)
use, to protect and preserve natural and cultural resources, and
provide a variety of visitor use experiences while minimizing conflicts
among user groups. Further, the rules would designate ORV routes and
establish operational requirements and restrictions.
 Managing Bicycling
 New rules would authorize and manage bicycling at Cuyahoga Valley
National Park, and Bryce Canyon National Park.
 Implementing the Native American Graves Protection and
Repatriation Act
 (1) A new rule would establish a process for disposition of
Unclaimed Human Remains and Funerary Objects discovered after November
16, 1990, on Federal or Indian Lands.
 (2) A rule revising the existing regulations would describe the
NAGPRA process in plain language, eliminate ambiguity, clarify terms,
and include Native Hawaiians in the process. The rule would eliminate
unnecessary requirements for museums and would not add processes or
collect additional information.
 Regulating non-Federal oil and gas activity on NPS land
 The rule would account for new technology and industry practices,
eliminate regulatory exemptions, update new legal requirements, remove
caps on bond amounts, and allow the NPS to recover compliance costs
associated with administering the regulations.
 Authorizing and managing service animals
 The rule will define and differentiate service animals from pets,
and will describe the circumstances under which service animals would
be allowed in a park area. The rule will ensure NPS compliance with
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (28 U.S.C. 794) and
better align NPS regulations with the Americans with Disabilities Act
of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 1211 et seq.) and the Department of Justice Service
Animal regulations of 2011 (28 CFR 36.104).
 Preserving and managing paleontological resources
 This rule would implement provisions of the Paleontological
Resources Protection Act. The rule would preserve, manage, and protect
paleontological resources on Federal lands and ensure that these
resources are available for current and future generations to enjoy as
part of America's national heritage. The rule would address management,
collection, and curation of paleontological resources from Federal
lands using scientific principles and expertise. Provisions of the rule
will ensure that resources are collected in accordance with permits and
curated in an approved repository. The rule would also protect
confidential locality data, and authorize penalties for illegally
collecting, damaging, altering, defacing, or selling paleontological
resources.
 Collecting plants for traditional cultural practices
 The rule would propose authorizing Park Superintendents to enter
into agreements with federally recognized tribes to permit tribal
members to collect limited quantities of plant resources in parks to be
used for traditional cultural practices and activities.
Bureau of Reclamation
 The Bureau of Reclamation's mission is to manage, develop, and
protect water and related resources in an environmentally and
economically sound manner in the interest of the American public. To
accomplish this

[[Page 76564]]

mission, we employ management, engineering, and science to achieve
effective and environmentally sensitive solutions.
 Reclamation projects provide: Irrigation water service, municipal
and industrial water supply, hydroelectric power generation, water
quality improvement, groundwater management, fish and wildlife
enhancement, outdoor recreation, flood control, navigation, river
regulation and control, system optimization, and related uses. We have
continued to focus on increased security at our facilities.
 Our regulatory program focus in fiscal year 2015 is to publish a
proposed minor amendment to 43 CFR part 429 to bring it into compliance
with the requirements of the recently published final rule, 43 CFR part
5, Commercial Filming and Similar Projects and Still Photography on
Certain Areas under Department Jurisdiction. Publishing this rule will
implement the provisions of Public Law 106-206, which directs the
establishment of permits and reasonable fees for commercial filming and
certain still photography activities on public lands.
BILLING CODE 4310-10-P

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE (DOJ)--FALL 2014

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The mission of the Department of Justice is to enforce the law and
defend the interests of the United States according to the law, to
ensure public safety against foreign and domestic threats, to provide
Federal leadership in preventing and controlling crime, to seek just
punishment for those guilty of unlawful behavior, and to ensure the
fair and impartial administration of justice for all Americans. In
carrying out its mission, the Department is guided by four core values:
(1) Equal justice under the law; (2) honesty and integrity; (3)
commitment to excellence; and (4) respect for the worth and dignity of
each human being. The Department of Justice is primarily a law
enforcement agency, not a regulatory agency; it carries out its
principal investigative, prosecutorial, and other enforcement
activities through means other than the regulatory process.
 The regulatory priorities of the Department include initiatives in
the areas of civil rights, criminal law enforcement and immigration.
These initiatives are summarized below. In addition, several other
components of the Department carry out important responsibilities
through the regulatory process. Although their regulatory efforts are
not separately discussed in this overview of the regulatory priorities,
those components have key roles in implementing the Department's anti-
terrorism and law enforcement priorities.

Civil Rights Division

The Department is including five disability nondiscrimination
rulemaking initiatives in its Regulatory Plan: (1) Implementation of
the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 in the ADA regulations (titles II and
III); (2) Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 in the
Department's section 504 regulations; (3) Nondiscrimination on the
Basis of Disability by Public Accommodations: Movie Captioning and
Audio Description; (4) Accessibility of Web Information and Services of
State and Local Governments; and (5) Accessibility of Web Information
and Services of Public Accommodations.
 The Department's other disability nondiscrimination rulemaking
initiatives, while important priorities for the Department's rulemaking
agenda, will be included in the Department's long-term actions for
fiscal year 2016. As will be discussed more fully below, these
initiatives include: (1) Accessibility of Medical Equipment and
Furniture; (2) Accessibility of Beds in Guestrooms with Mobility
Features in Places of Lodging; (3) Next Generation 9-1-1 Services; and
(4) Accessibility of Equipment and Furniture. The Department will also
be revising its regulations for Coordination of Enforcement of Non-
Discrimination in Federally Assisted Programs, as well as revising
regulations implementing section 274B of the Immigration and
Nationality Act.
 ADA Amendments Act. In September 2008, Congress passed the ADA
Amendments Act, which revises the definition of ``disability'' to more
broadly encompass impairments that substantially limit a major life
activity. On January 30, 2014, the Department published a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) proposing amendments to both its title II
and title III ADA regulations in order to incorporate the statutory
changes set forth in the ADA Amendments Act. The comment period closed
on March 31, 2014. The Department expects to publish a final rule
incorporating these changes into the ADA implementing regulations in
the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. The Department also plans to
propose amendments to its section 504 regulations to implement the ADA
Amendments Act of 2008 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015.
 Captioning and Audio Description in Movie Theaters. Title III of
the ADA requires public accommodations to take ``such steps as may be
necessary to ensure that no individual with a disability is treated
differently because of the absence of auxiliary aids and services,
unless the covered entity can demonstrate that taking such steps would
cause a fundamental alteration or would result in an undue burden.'' 42
U.S.C. 12182(b)(2)(A)(iii). Both open and closed captioning and audio
recordings are examples of auxiliary aids and services that should be
provided by places of public accommodations, 28 CFR 36.303(b)(1)-(2).
The Department stated in the preamble to its 1991 rule that ``[m]ovie
theaters are not required . . . to present open-captioned films,'' 28
CFR part 36, app. C (2011), but it did not address closed captioning
and audio description in movie theaters. In the movie theater context,
``closed captioning'' refers to captions that only the patron
requesting the closed captions can see because the captions are
delivered to the patron at or near the patron's seat. Audio description
is a technology that enables individuals who are blind or have low
vision to enjoy movies by providing a spoken narration of key visual
elements of a visually delivered medium, such as actions, settings,
facial expressions, costumes, and scene changes.
 Since 1991, there have been many technological advances in the area
of closed captioning and audio description for first-run movies. In
June 2008, the Department issued an NPRM to revise the ADA title III
regulation, 73 FR 34466, in which the Department stated that it was
considering options for requiring that movie theater owners or
operators exhibit movies that are captioned or that provide video
(narrative) description. The Department issued an ANPRM on July 26,
2010, to obtain more information regarding issues raised by commenters;
to seek comment on technical questions that arose from the Department's
research; and to learn more about the status of digital conversion. In
addition, the Department sought information regarding whether other
technologies or areas of interest (e.g., 3D) have developed or are in
the process of development that would either replace or augment digital
cinema or make any regulatory requirements for captioning and audio
description more difficult or expensive to implement. The Department
received approximately 1171 public comments in response to its movie
captioning and video description

[[Page 76565]]

ANPRM. On August 1, 2014, the Department published its NPRM proposing
to revise the ADA title III regulation to require movie theaters to
have the capability to exhibit movies with closed movie captioning and
audio description (which was described in the ANPRM as video
description) for all showings of movies that are available with closed
movie captioning or audio description, to require theaters to provide
notice to the public about the availability of these services, and to
ensure that theaters have staff available who can provide information
to patrons about the use of these services. In response to a request
for an extension of the public comment period, the Department has
issued a notice extending the comment period for 60 days until December
1, 2014.
 Web site Accessibility. The Internet as it is known today did not
exist when Congress enacted the ADA, yet today the World Wide Web plays
a critical role in the daily personal, professional, civic, and
business life of Americans. The ADA's expansive nondiscrimination
mandate reaches goods and services provided by public accommodations
and public entities using Internet Web sites. Being unable to access
Web sites puts individuals at a great disadvantage in today's society,
which is driven by a dynamic electronic marketplace and unprecedented
access to information. On the economic front, electronic commerce, or
``e-commerce,'' often offers consumers a wider selection and lower
prices than traditional, ``brick-and-mortar'' storefronts, with the
added convenience of not having to leave one's home to obtain goods and
services. For individuals with disabilities who experience barriers to
their ability to travel or to leave their homes, the Internet may be
their only way to access certain goods and services. Beyond goods and
services, information available on the Internet has become a gateway to
education, socializing, and entertainment.
 The Internet is also dramatically changing the way that
governmental entities serve the public. Public entities are
increasingly providing their constituents access to government services
and programs through their Web sites. Through Government Web sites, the
public can obtain information or correspond with local officials
without having to wait in line or be placed on hold. They can also pay
fines, apply for benefits, renew State-issued identification, register
to vote, file taxes, request copies of vital records, and complete
numerous other everyday tasks. The availability of these services and
information online not only makes life easier for the public but also
often enables governmental entities to operate more efficiently and at
a lower cost.
 The ADA's promise to provide an equal opportunity for individuals
with disabilities to participate in and benefit from all aspects of
American civic and economic life will be achieved in today's
technologically advanced society only if it is clear to State and local
governments, businesses, educators, and other public accommodations
that their Web sites must be accessible. Consequently, the Department
is considering amending its regulations implementing title II and title
III of the ADA to require public entities and public accommodations
that provide products or services to the public through Internet Web
sites to make their sites accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities.
 In particular, the Department's ANPRM on Web site accessibility
sought public comment regarding what standards, if any, it should adopt
for Web site accessibility, whether the Department should adopt
coverage limitations for certain entities, like small businesses, and
what resources and services are available to make existing Web sites
accessible to individuals with disabilities. The Department also
solicited comments on the costs of making Web sites accessible and on
the existence of any other effective and reasonably feasible
alternatives to making Web sites accessible. The Department received
approximately 440 public comments and is in the process of reviewing
these comments. The Department will be publishing separate NPRMs
addressing Web site accessibility pursuant to titles II and III of the
ADA. On July 9, 2014, the Department submitted its title II Web site
Accessibility NPRM to OMB for E.O. 12866 review with a goal of
publishing the NPRM before the end of the 2014 calendar year. The
Department plans to follow with the publication of the title III NPRM
in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015.
 The final rulemaking initiatives from the 2010 ANPRMs are included
in the Department's long-term priorities projected for fiscal year
2016:
 Next Generation 9-1-1. This ANPRM sought information on possible
revisions to the Department's regulation to ensure direct access to
Next Generation 9-1-1 (NG 9-1-1) services for individuals with
disabilities. In 1991, the Department of Justice published a regulation
to implement title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
(ADA). That regulation requires public safety answering points (PSAPs)
to provide direct access to persons with disabilities who use analog
telecommunication devices for the deaf (TTYs), 28 CFR 35.162. Since
that rule was published, there have been major changes in the types of
communications technology used by the general public and by people who
have disabilities that affect their hearing or speech. Many individuals
with disabilities now use the Internet and wireless text devices as
their primary modes of telecommunications. At the same time, PSAPs are
planning to shift from analog telecommunications technology to new
Internet-Protocol (IP)-enabled NG 9-1-1 services that will provide
voice and data (such as text, pictures, and video) capabilities. As
PSAPs transition from the analog systems to the new technologies, it is
essential that people with communication disabilities be able to use
the new systems. Therefore, the Department published this ANPRM to
begin to develop appropriate regulatory guidance for PSAPs that are
making this transition. The Department is in the process of completing
its review of the approximately 146 public comments it received in
response to its NG 9-1-1 ANPRM and expects to publish an NPRM
addressing accessibility of NG 9-1-1 in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2016.
 Equipment and Furniture. Both title II and title III of the ADA
require covered entities to make reasonable modifications in their
programs or services to facilitate participation by persons with
disabilities. In addition, covered entities are required to ensure that
people are not excluded from participation because facilities are
inaccessible or because the entity has failed to provide auxiliary
aids. The use of accessible equipment and furniture is often critical
to an entity's ability to provide a person with a disability equal
access to its services. Changes in technology have resulted in the
development and improved availability of accessible equipment and
furniture that benefit individuals with disabilities. The 2010 ADA
Standards include accessibility requirements for some types of fixed
equipment (e.g., ATMs, washing machines, dryers, tables, benches and
vending machines) and the Department plans to look to these standards
for guidance, where applicable, when it proposes accessibility
standards for equipment and furniture that is not fixed. The ANPRM
sought information about other categories of equipment, including beds
in accessible guest rooms, and medical equipment and furniture. The
Department received approximately 420

[[Page 76566]]

comments in response to its ANPRM and is in the process of reviewing
these comments. The Department plans to publish in early fiscal year
2016 a separate NPRM pursuant to title III of the ADA on beds in
accessible guest rooms and a more detailed ANPRM pursuant to titles II
and III of the ADA that focuses solely on accessible medical equipment
and furniture. The remaining items of equipment and furniture addressed
in the 2010 ANPRM will be the subject of an NPRM that the Department
anticipates publishing in mid-fiscal year 2016.
 Coordination of Enforcement of Non-Discrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs. In addition, the Department is planning to revise
the co-ordination regulations implementing title VI of the Civil Rights
Act, which have not been updated in over 30 years. Among other things,
the updates will revise outdated provisions, streamline procedural
steps, streamline and clarify provisions regarding information and data
collection, promote opportunities to encourage public engagement, and
incorporate current law regarding meaningful access for individuals who
are limited English proficient.
 Implementation of Section 247B of the Immigration and Nationality
Act. The Department also proposes to revise regulations implementing
section 274B of the Immigration and Nationality Act. The proposed
revisions are appropriate to conform the regulations to the statutory
text as amended, simplify and add definitions of statutory terms,
update and clarify the procedures for filing and processing charges of
discrimination, ensure effective investigations of unfair immigration-
related employment practices, and update outdated references. The
regulations will also be revised to reflect the new name of the office
within the Department charged with enforcing this statute.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF)
 ATF issues regulations to enforce the Federal laws relating to the
manufacture and commerce of firearms and explosives. ATF's mission and
regulations are designed to, among other objectives, curb illegal
traffic in, and criminal use of, firearms and explosives, and to assist
State, local, and other Federal law enforcement agencies in reducing
crime and violence. The Department is including one rulemaking
initiative from ATF in its Regulatory Plan. The Department is planning
to finalize a proposed rule to amend ATF's regulations regarding the
making or transferring of a firearm under the National Firearms Act. As
proposed, this rule would (1) add a definition for the term
``responsible person''; (2) require each responsible person of a
corporation, trust or legal entity to complete a specified form, and to
submit photographs and fingerprints; and (3) modify the requirements
regarding the certificate of the chief law enforcement officer.
 ATF will continue, as a priority during fiscal year 2014, to seek
modifications to its regulations governing commerce in firearms and
explosives. ATF plans to issue regulations to finalize the current
interim rules implementing the provisions of the Safe Explosives Act,
title XI, subtitle C, of Public Law 107-296, the Homeland Security Act
of 2002 (enacted Nov. 25, 2002). ATF also has begun a rulemaking
process that will lead to promulgation of a revised set of regulations
(27 CFR part 771) governing the procedure and practice for proposed
denial of applications for explosives licenses or permits and proposed
revocation of such licenses and permits. In addition, ATF also has
several other rulemaking initiatives as part of the Department's
rulemaking agenda.
 Pursuant to Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review,'' ATF has published a final rule to amend existing
regulations and extend the term of import permits for firearms,
ammunition, and defense articles from 1 year to 2 years. The additional
time will allow importers sufficient time to complete the importation
of an authorized commodity before the permit expires and eliminate the
need for importers to submit new and duplicative import applications.
ATF believes that extending the term of import permits will result in
substantial cost and time savings for both ATF and industry.

Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)

DEA is the primary agency responsible for coordinating the drug law
enforcement activities of the United States and also assists in the
implementation of the President's National Drug Control Strategy. DEA
implements and enforces titles II and III of the Comprehensive Drug
Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 and the Controlled Substances
Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 801-971), as amended, and collectively
referred to as the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). DEA's mission is to
enforce the CSA and its regulations and bring to the criminal and civil
justice system those organizations and individuals involved in the
growing, manufacture, or distribution of controlled substances and
listed chemicals appearing in or destined for illicit traffic in the
United States. DEA promulgates the CSA implementing regulations in
title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), parts 1300 to 1321.
The CSA and its implementing regulations are designed to prevent,
detect, and eliminate the diversion of controlled substances and listed
chemicals into the illicit market while providing for the legitimate
medical, scientific, research, and industrial needs of the United
States.
 Pursuant to its statutory authority, DEA continuously evaluates new
and emerging substances to determine whether such substances should be
controlled under the CSA. During fiscal year 2015, in addition to
initiating temporary scheduling actions to prevent imminent hazard to
the public safety, DEA will also consider petitions to control or
reschedule various substances. Among other regulatory reviews and
initiatives, the DEA will initiate the notice of proposed rulemaking
titled, ``Transporting Controlled Substances Away from Principal Places
of Business or Principal Places of Professional Practice on an As
Needed and Random Basis.'' In this rule, the DEA proposes to amend its
regulations governing the registration, security, reporting,
recordkeeping, and ordering requirements in circumstances where
practitioners transport controlled substances for dispensing to
patients on an as needed and random basis. Lastly, the DEA will
finalize its Interim Final Rule for Electronic Prescriptions for
Controlled Substances. By this final rule, the DEA would finalize its
regulations to clarify: (1) the criteria by which DEA-registered
practitioners may electronically issue controlled substance
prescriptions; and (2) the criteria by which DEA-registered pharmacies
may receive and archive these electronic prescriptions.
Bureau of Prisons
 The Federal Bureau of Prisons issues regulations to enforce the
Federal laws relating to its mission: to protect society by confining
offenders in the controlled environments of prisons and community-based
facilities that are safe, humane, cost-efficient, and appropriately
secure, and that provide work and other self-improvement opportunities
to assist offenders in becoming law-abiding citizens. During the next
12 months, in addition to other regulatory objectives aimed at
accomplishing its mission, the Bureau will continue its ongoing efforts
to: streamline regulations, eliminating unnecessary language and
improving readability; improve disciplinary

[[Page 76567]]

procedures through a revision of the subpart relating to the
disciplinary process; reduce the introduction of contraband through
various means, such as clarifying drug and alcohol surveillance testing
programs; protect the public from continuing criminal activity
committed within prison; and enhance the Bureau's ability to more
closely monitor the communications of high-risk inmates.
Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR)
 On March 1, 2003, pursuant to the Homeland Security Act of 2002
(HSA), the responsibility for immigration enforcement and border
security and for providing immigration-related services and benefits,
such as naturalization, immigrant petitions, and work authorization,
was transferred from the Justice Department's former Immigration and
Naturalization Service (INS) to the Department of Homeland Security
(DHS). However, the immigration judges and the Board of Immigration
Appeals (Board) in EOIR remain part of the Department of Justice. The
immigration judges adjudicate approximately 400,000 cases each year to
determine whether aliens should be ordered removed from the United
States or should be granted some form of relief from removal. The Board
has jurisdiction over appeals from the decisions of immigration judges,
as well as other matters. Accordingly, the Attorney General has a
continuing role in the conducting of removal hearings, the granting of
relief from removal, and custody determinations regarding the detention
of aliens pending completion of removal proceedings. The Attorney
General also is responsible for civil litigation and criminal
prosecutions relating to the immigration laws.
 In several pending rulemaking actions, the Department is working to
revise and update the regulations relating to removal proceedings in
order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the hearings,
including, but not limited to: a joint regulation with DHS to provide
guidance on a number of issues central to the adjudication of
applications for asylum and withholding of removal; a joint regulation
with DHS to provide, with respect to applicants who are found to have
engaged in persecution of others, a limited exception for actions taken
by the applicant under duress; a joint regulation with DHS to implement
procedures that address the specialized needs of unaccompanied alien
children in removal proceedings pursuant to the William Wilberforce
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008; a proposed
regulation to establish procedures for the filing and adjudication of
motions to reopen removal, deportation, and exclusion proceedings based
upon a claim of ineffective assistance of counsel; and a proposed
regulation to improve the recognition and accreditation process for
organizations and representatives that appear in immigration
proceedings before EOIR. Finally, in response to Executive Order 13653,
the Department is retrospectively reviewing EOIR's regulations to
eliminate regulations that unnecessarily duplicate DHS's regulations
and update outdated references to the pre-2002 immigration system.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final Justice Department plan can
be found at: http://www.justice.gov/open/doj-rr-final-plan.pdf

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Title Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1140-AA40........................ Rules of ATF has begun a
 Practice in rulemaking process
 Explosives that will lead to
 License and promulgation of a
 Permit revised set of
 Proceedings. regulations
 governing the
 procedure and
 practice for
 disapproval of
 applications for
 explosives licenses
 or permits. This
 new set of
 regulations, 27
 C.F.R. part 771
 will replace the
 regulations
 previously codified
 at 27 C.F.R. part
 71 (2002), many of
 which are outmoded
 and need to be
 revised.
1125-AA71........................ Retrospective Advance notice of
 Regulatory future rulemaking
 Review Under concerning appeals
 E.O. 13563 of of DHS decisions (8
 8 CFR Parts C.F.R. part 1103),
 1003, 1103, documentary
 1211, 1212, requirements for
 1215, 1216, aliens (8 C.F.R.
 1235. parts 1211 and
 1212), control of
 aliens departing
 from the United
 States (8 C.F.R.
 part 1215),
 procedures
 governing
 conditional
 permanent resident
 status (8 C.F.R.
 part 1216), and
 inspection of
 individuals
 applying for
 admission to the
 United States (8
 C.F.R. part 1235).
 A number of
 attorneys, firms,
 and organizations
 in immigration
 practice are small
 entities. EOIR
 believes this rule
 will improve the
 efficiency and
 fairness of
 adjudications
 before EOIR by, for
 example,
 eliminating
 duplication,
 ensuring
 consistency with
 the Department of
 Homeland Security's
 regulations in
 chapter I of title
 8 of the CFR, and
 delineating more
 clearly the
 authority and
 jurisdiction of
 each agency.
1125-AA78........................ Separate This rule proposes
 Representation to amend the
 for Custody Executive Office
 and Bond for Immigration
 Proceedings. Review (EOIR)
 regulations
 relating to the
 representation of
 aliens in custody
 and bond
 proceedings.
 Specifically, this
 rule proposes to
 allow a
 representative to
 enter an appearance
 in custody and bond
 proceedings before
 EOIR without
 committing to
 appear on behalf of
 the alien for all
 proceedings before
 the Immigration
 Court.
1117-NYD......................... Implementation DEA is continuing to
 of the consider possible
 International changes to its
 Trade Data existing
 System. regulations (e.g.,
 21 CFR 1312.14,
 1312.24) to take
 account of the
 submission of
 import and export
 permits to U.S.
 Customs and Border
 Protection in
 electronic form.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76568]]

Executive Order 13609--Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation

The Department is not currently engaged in international regulatory
cooperation activities that are reasonably anticipated to lead to
significant regulations.

Executive Order 13659

Executive Order 13659, ``Streamlining the Export/Import Process for
America's Businesses,'' provided new directives for agencies to improve
the technologies, policies, and other controls governing the movement
of goods across our national borders. This includes additional steps to
implement the International Trade Data System as an electronic
information exchange capability, or ``single window,'' through which
businesses will transmit data required by participating agencies for
the importation or exportation of cargo.
 At the Department of Justice, stakeholders must obtain pre-import
and pre-export authorizations from the Drug Enforcement Administration
(DEA) (relating to controlled substances and listed chemicals), or from
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) (relating
to firearms, ammunition, and explosives). The ITDS ``single window''
will work in conjunction with these pre-import and pre-export
authorizations.
 Pursuant to section 6 of E.O. 13659, DEA and ATF have consulted
with CBP and are continuing to study whether some modifications or
technical changes to their existing regulations are needed to achieve
the goals of E.O. 13659.

DOJ--CIVIL RIGHTS DIVISION (CRT)

Proposed Rule Stage

91. Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Section 504 of
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-325; 29 U.S.C. 794 (sec 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended); E.O. 12250 (45 FR 72955; 11/
04/1980)
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 39; 28 CFR 41; 28 CFR 42, subpart G.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract:
 This rule would propose to amend the Department's regulations
implementing section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended,
28 CFR part 39 and part 42, subpart G, and its regulation implementing
Executive Order 12250, 28 CFR part 41, to reflect statutory amendments
to the definition of disability applicable to section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act, which were enacted in the ADA Amendments Act of
2008, Public Law 110-325, 122 Stat. 3553 (Sep. 25, 2008). The ADA
Amendments Act took effect on January 1, 2009.
 The ADA Amendments Act revised 29 U.S.C. 705, to make the
definition of disability used in the nondiscrimination provisions in
title V of the Rehabilitation Act consistent with the amended ADA
requirements. These amendments (1) add illustrative lists of ``major
life activities,'' including ``major bodily functions,'' that provide
more examples of covered activities and covered conditions than are now
contained in agency regulations (sec. 3[2]); (2) clarify that a person
who is ``regarded as'' having a disability does not have to be regarded
as being substantially limited in a major life activity (sec. 3[3]);
and (3) add rules of construction regarding the definition of
disability that provide guidance in applying the term ``substantially
limits'' and prohibit consideration of mitigating measures in
determining whether a person has a disability (sec. 3[4]).
 The Department anticipates that these changes will be published for
comment in a proposed rule within the next 12 months. During the
drafting of these revisions, the Department will also review the
currently published rules to ensure that any other legal requirements
under the Rehabilitation Act have been properly addressed in these
regulations.
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to bring the Department's
prior section 504 regulations into compliance with the ADA Amendments
Act of 2008, which became effective on January 1, 2009.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: Because this NPRM implements statutory changes to the
section 504 definition of disability, there are no appropriate
alternatives to issuing this NPRM.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department's preliminary
assessment in this early stage of the rulemaking process is that this
rule will not be ``economically significant,'' that is, that the rule
will not have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or
adversely affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the
economy, the environment, public health or safety or State, local or
tribal Governments or communities. The Department's section 504 rule
will incorporate the same changes made by the ADA Amendments Act to the
definition of disability as are included in the proposed changes to the
ADA title II and title III rules (1190-AA59), which will be published
in the Federal Register in the near future. Therefore, we do not
believe that the revisions to the Department's existing section 504
federally assisted regulations will have any additional economic
impact, because public and private entities that receive federal
financial assistance from the Department are also likely to be subject
to titles II or III of the ADA. The Department expects to consider
further the economic impact of the proposed rule on the Department's
existing section 504 federally conducted regulations, but anticipates
that the rule will not be economically significant within the meaning
of Executive Order 12866. This is because the revisions to these
regulations will only apply to the Department's programs and activities
and how those programs and activities are operated so as to ensure
compliance with the nondiscrimination requirements of section 504. In
the NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public comment in response
to its initial assessment of the impact of the proposed rule.
 Risks: Failure to update the Department's section 504 regulations
to conform to statutory changes will interfere with the Department's
enforcement efforts and lead to confusion about the law's requirements
among entities that receive Federal financial assistance from the
Department or who participate in its federally conducted programs.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA60


[[Page 76569]]

DOJ--CRT

92. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability; Accessibility of Web
Information and Services of Public Accommodations

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department of Justice is considering proposed
revisions to the regulation implementing title III of the Americans
with Disabilities Act (ADA) in order to address the obligations of
public accommodations to make goods, services, facilities, privileges,
accommodations, or advantages they offer via the Internet, specifically
at sites on the World Wide Web (Web), accessible to individuals with
disabilities. The ADA requires that public accommodations provide
individuals with disabilities with full and equal enjoyment of their
goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and
accommodations. 42. U.S.C. 12182. The Internet as it is known today did
not exist when Congress enacted the ADA. Today the Internet, most
notably the sites on the Web, plays a critical role in the daily
personal, professional, and business life of most Americans.
Increasingly, private entities of all types are providing goods and
services to the public through Web sites that operate as places of
public accommodation under title III of the ADA. Many Web sites of
public accommodations, however, render use by individuals with
disabilities difficult or impossible due to barriers posed by Web sites
designed without accessible features. Being unable to access Web sites
puts individuals with disabilities at a great disadvantage in today's
society, which is driven by a global marketplace and unprecedented
access to information. On the economic front, electronic commerce, or
``e-commerce,'' often offers consumers a wider selection and lower
prices than traditional ``brick-and-mortar'' storefronts, with the
added convenience of not having to leave one's home to obtain goods and
services. Beyond goods and services, information available on the
Internet has become a gateway to education. Schools at all levels are
increasingly offering programs and classroom instruction through Web
sites. Many colleges and universities offer degree programs online;
some universities exist exclusively on the Internet. The Internet also
is changing the way individuals socialize and seek entertainment.
Social networks and other online meeting places provide a unique way
for individuals to meet and fraternize. These networks allow
individuals to meet others with similar interests and connect with
friends, business colleagues, elected officials, and businesses. They
also provide an effective networking opportunity for entrepreneurs,
artists, and others seeking to put their skills and talents to use. Web
sites also bring a myriad of entertainment and information options for
Internet users-from games and music to news and videos. The ADA's
promise to provide an equal opportunity for individuals with
disabilities to participate in and benefit from all aspects of American
civic and economic life will be achieved in today's technologically
advanced society only if it is clear to businesses, educators, and
other public accommodations, that their Web sites must be accessible.
Consequently, the Department is proposing to amend its title III
regulation to expressly address the obligations of public
accommodations to make the Web sites they use to provide their goods
and services to the public accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities under the legal framework established by the ADA. The
proposed regulation will propose the scope of the obligation to provide
accessibility when persons with disabilities attempt to access Web
sites of public accommodations, as well as propose the technical
standards necessary to comply with the ADA.
 Statement of Need: Many people with disabilities use ``assistive
technology'' to enable them to use computers and access the Internet.
Individuals who are blind or have low vision who cannot see computer
monitors may use screen readers--devices that speak the text that would
normally appear on a monitor. People who have difficulty using a
computer mouse can use voice recognition software to control their
computers with verbal commands. People with other types of disabilities
may use still other kinds of assistive technology. New and innovative
assistive technologies are being introduced every day. Web sites that
do not accommodate assistive technology, for example, can create
unnecessary barriers for people with disabilities, just as buildings
not designed to accommodate individuals with disabilities can prevent
some individuals from entering and accessing services. Web designers
may not realize how simple features built into a Web site will assist
someone who, for instance, cannot see a computer monitor or use a
mouse. In addition, in many cases, these Web sites do not provide
captioning for videos or live events streamed over the Web, leaving
persons who are deaf or hard of hearing unable to access the
information that is being provided. Although the Department has been
clear that the ADA applies to Web sites of private entities that meet
the definition of ``public accommodations,'' inconsistent court
decisions, differing standards for determining Web accessibility, and
repeated calls for Department action indicate remaining uncertainty
regarding the applicability of the ADA to Web sites of entities covered
by title III. For these reasons, the Department plans to propose
amendments to its regulation so as to make clear to entities covered by
the ADA their obligations to make their Web sites accessible. Despite
the need for action, the Department appreciates the need to move
forward deliberatively. Any regulations the Department adopts must
provide specific guidance to help ensure Web access to individuals with
disabilities without hampering innovation and technological advancement
on the Web.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires that public accommodations
provide individuals with disabilities with full and equal enjoyment of
their goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and
accommodations. 42. U.S.C. 12182. Increasingly, private entities of all
types are providing goods and services to the public through Web sites
that operate as places of public accommodation under title III of the
ADA.
 Alternatives: The Department intends to consider various
alternatives for ensuring full access to Web sites of public
accommodations, including alternative implementation schedules and
technical requirements applicable to certain Web features or based on a
covered entity's size. The Department will solicit public comment
addressing its proposed alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department anticipates that this
rule will be ``economically significant.'' The Department believes that
revising its title III rule to clarify the obligations of public
accommodations to provide accessible Web sites will significantly
increase the opportunities of individuals with disabilities to access
the variety of goods and services public accommodations offer on the
Web, while increasing the number of customers that access the Web sites
to procure the goods and services offered by these public
accommodations. In drafting this NPRM, the Department will attempt to
minimize the compliance costs to public accommodations, while ensuring
the benefits of compliance to

[[Page 76570]]

persons with disabilities. At this stage in the process, the Department
is not yet able to provide a preliminary estimate of costs and
benefits.
 Risks: If the Department does not revise its ADA title III
regulations to address Web site accessibility, persons with
disabilities will continue to be unable to access the many goods and
services of public accommodations available on the Web to individuals
without disabilities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43460
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/24/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: See also RIN 1190-AA65 which was split from
this RIN of 1190-AA61.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA61

DOJ--CRT

93. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability; Movie Captioning and
Audio Description

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Following its advance notice of proposed rulemaking
published on July 26, 2010, the Department plans to publish a proposed
rule addressing the requirements for captioning and video description
of movies exhibited in movie theatres under title III of the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). Title III prohibits discrimination
on the basis of disability in the activities of places of public
accommodation (private entities whose operations affect commerce and
that fall into one of twelve categories listed in the ADA). 42 U.S.C.
12181-12189. Title III makes it unlawful for places of public
accommodation, such as movie theaters, to discriminate against
individuals with disabilities in the full and equal enjoyment of the
goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations
of a place of public accommodation (42 U.S.C. 12182[a]). Moreover,
title III prohibits places of public accommodation from affording an
unequal or lesser service to individuals or classes of individuals with
disabilities than is offered to other individuals (42 U.S.C.
12182(b)(1)(A)(ii)). Title III requires places of public accommodation
to take ``such steps as may be necessary to ensure that no individual
with a disability is excluded, denied services, segregated or otherwise
treated differently because of the absence of auxiliary aids and
services, such as captioning and video description, unless the entity
can demonstrate that taking such steps would fundamentally alter the
nature of the good, service, facility, privilege, advantage, or
accommodation being offered or would result in an undue burden,'' (42
U.S.C. 12182(b)(2)(A)(iii)).
 Statement of Need: A significant-and increasing-proportion of
Americans have hearing or vision disabilities that prevent them from
fully and effectively understanding movies without captioning or audio
description. For persons with hearing and vision disabilities, the
unavailability of captioned or audio-described movies inhibits their
ability to socialize and fully take part in family outings and deprives
them of the opportunity to meaningfully participate in an important
aspect of American culture. Many individuals with hearing or vision
disabilities who commented on the Department's 2010 ANPRM remarked that
they have not been able to enjoy a commercial movie unless they watched
it on TV, or that when they took their children to the movies they
could not understand what they were seeing or discuss what was
happening with their children. Today, more and more movies are produced
with captions and audio description. However, despite the underlying
ADA obligation, the advancement of digital technology and the
availability of captioned and audio-described films, many movie
theaters are still not exhibiting captioned or audio-described movies,
and when they do exhibit them, they are only for a few showings of a
movie, and usually at off-times. Recently, a number of theater
companies have committed to provide greater availability of captioning
and audio description. In some cases, these have been nationwide
commitments; in other cases it has only been in a particular State or
locality. A uniform Federal ADA requirement for captioning and audio
description is necessary to ensure that access to movies for persons
with hearing and vision disabilities is not dictated by the
individual's residence or the presence of litigation in their locality.
In addition, the movie theater industry is in the process of converting
its movie screens to use digital technology, and the Department
believes that it will be extremely helpful to provide timely guidance
on the ADA requirements for captioning and audio description so that
the industry may factor this into its conversion efforts and minimize
costs.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: The Department will consider any public comments that
propose achievable alternatives that will still accomplish the goal of
providing access to movies for persons with hearing and vision
disabilities. However, the Department believes that the baseline
alternative of not providing such access would be inconsistent with the
provisions of title III of the ADA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department's preliminary
analysis indicates that the proposed rule would not be ``economically
significant,'' that is, that the rule will not have an annual effect on
the economy of $100 million, or adversely affect in a material way the
economy, a sector of the economy, the environment, public health or
safety or State, local or tribal governments or communities. In the
NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public comment in response to
its preliminary analysis regarding the costs imposed by the rule.
 Risks: Without the proposed changes to the Department's title III
regulation, persons with hearing and vision disabilities will continue
to be denied access to movies shown in movie theaters and movie theater
owners and operators will not understand what they are required to do
in order to provide auxiliary aids and services to patrons with hearing
and vision disabilities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43467
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/24/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/01/14 79 FR 44975
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/08/14 79 FR 53146
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/30/14 .......................
NPRM Extended Comment Period End.... 12/01/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------


[[Page 76571]]

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA63

DOJ--CRT

94. Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability: Accessibility of Web

Information and Services of State and Local Governments

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 35.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Department published an ANPRM on July 26, 2010, RIN
1190-AA61, that addressed issues relating to proposed revisions of both
the title II and title III ADA regulations in order to provide guidance
on the obligations of covered entities to make programs, services and
activities offered over the Web accessible to individuals with
disabilities. The Department has now divided the rulemakings in the
next step of the rulemaking process so as to proceed with separate
notices of proposed rulemakings for title II and title III. The title
III rulemaking on Web accessibility will continue under RIN 1190-AA61
and the title II rulemaking will continue under the new RIN 1190-AA65.
This rulemaking will provide specific guidance to State and local
governments in order to make services, programs, or activities offered
to the public via the Web accessible to individuals with disabilities.
The ADA requires that State and local governments provide qualified
individuals with disabilities equal access to their programs, services,
or activities unless doing so would fundamentally alter the nature of
their programs, services, or activities or would impose an undue
burden. 42. U.S.C. 12132. The Internet as it is known today did not
exist when Congress enacted the ADA; yet today the Internet is
dramatically changing the way that governmental entities serve the
public. Taking advantage of new technology, citizens can now use State
and local government Web sites to correspond online with local
officials; obtain information about government services; renew library
books or driver's licenses; pay fines; register to vote; obtain tax
information and file tax returns; apply for jobs or benefits; and
complete numerous other civic tasks. These Government Web sites are
important because they allow programs and services to be offered in a
more dynamic, interactive way in order to increase citizen
participation; increase convenience and speed in obtaining information
or services; reduce costs in providing information about Government
services and administering programs; reduce the amount of paperwork;
and expand the possibilities of reaching new sectors of the community
or offering new programs or services. Many States and localities have
begun to improve the accessibility of portions of their Web sites.
However, full compliance with the ADA's promise to provide an equal
opportunity for individuals with disabilities to participate in and
benefit from all aspects of the programs, services, and activities
provided by State and local governments in today's technologically
advanced society will only occur if it is clear to public entities that
their Web sites must be accessible. Consequently, the Department
intends to publish a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to amend its
title II regulations to expressly address the obligations of public
entities to make the Web sites they use to provide programs,
activities, or services or information to the public accessible to and
usable by individuals with disabilities under the legal framework
established by the ADA. The proposed regulation will propose the scope
of the obligation to provide accessibility when persons with
disabilities access public Web sites, as well as propose the technical
standards necessary to comply with the ADA.
 Statement of Need: Many people with disabilities use ``assistive
technology'' to enable them to use computers and access the Internet.
Individuals who are blind or have low vision who cannot see computer
monitors may use screen readers--devices that speak the text that would
normally appear on a monitor. People who have difficulty using a
computer mouse can use voice recognition software to control their
computers with verbal commands. People with other types of disabilities
may use still other kinds of assistive technology. New and innovative
assistive technologies are being introduced every day.
 Web sites that do not accommodate assistive technology, for
example, can create unnecessary barriers for people with disabilities,
just as buildings not designed to accommodate people with disabilities
prevent some individuals from entering and accessing services. Web
designers may not realize how simple features built into a Web site
will assist someone who, for instance, cannot see a computer monitor or
use a mouse. In addition, in many cases, these Web sites do not provide
captioning for videos or live events streamed over the web, leaving
persons who are deaf or hard of hearing unable to access the
information that is being provided. Although an increasing number of
State and local Governments are making efforts to provide accessible
Web sites, because there are no specific ADA standards for Web site
accessibility, these Web sites vary in actual usability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires that State and local
Governments provide qualified individuals with disabilities equal
access to their programs, services, or activities unless doing so would
fundamentally alter the nature of their programs, services, or
activities or would impose an undue burden. 42. U.S.C. 12132.
 Alternatives: The Department intends to consider various
alternatives for ensuring full access to Web sites of State and local
Governments and will solicit public comment addressing these
alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Department anticipates that this
rule will be ``economically significant,'' that is, that the rule will
have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or adversely
affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, the
environment, public health or safety or State, local or tribal
Governments or communities. However, the Department believes that
revising its title II rule to clarify the obligations of State and
local Governments to provide accessible Web sites will significantly
increase the opportunities for citizens with disabilities to
participate in, and benefit from, State and local Government programs,
activities, and services. It will also ensure that individuals have
access to important information that is provided over the Internet,
including emergency information. The Department also believes that
providing accessible Web sites will benefit State and local Governments
as it will increase the numbers of citizens who can use these Web
sites, and thus improve the efficiency of delivery of services to the
public. In drafting this NPRM, the Department will attempt to minimize
the compliance costs to State and local Governments while ensuring the
benefits of compliance to persons with disabilities.

[[Page 76572]]

Risks: If the Department does not revise its ADA title II
regulations to address Web site accessibility, persons with
disabilities in many communities will continue to be unable to access
their State and local governmental services in the same manner
available to citizens without disabilities, and in some cases will not
be able to access those services at all.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 07/26/10 75 FR 43460
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/21/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Split from RIN 1190-AA61.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA65

DOJ--CRT

Final Rule Stage

95. Implementation of the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Title II and
Title III of The ADA)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 110-325; 42 U.S.C. 12134(a); 42 U.S.C.
12186(b)
 CFR Citation: 28 CFR 35; 28 CFR 36.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rule would propose to amend the Department's
regulations implementing title II and title III of the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA), 28 CFR part 35 and 28 CFR part 36, to implement
changes to the ADA enacted in the ADA Amendments Act of 2008, Public
Law 110-325, 122 Stat. 3553 (Sept. 25, 2008). The ADA Amendments Act
took effect on January 1, 2009.
 The ADA Amendments Act amended the Americans with Disabilities Act,
42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq., to clarify terms within the definition of
disability and to establish standards that must be applied to determine
if a person has a covered disability. These changes are intended to
mitigate the effects of the Supreme Court's decisions in Sutton v.
United Airlines, 527 U.S. 471 (1999), and Toyota Motor Manufacturing v.
Williams, 534, U.S. 184 (2002). Specifically, the ADA Amendments Act
(1) adds illustrative lists of ``major life activities,'' including
``major bodily functions,'' that provide more examples of covered
activities and covered conditions than are now contained in agency
regulations (sec. 3[2]); (2) clarifies that a person who is ``regarded
as'' having a disability does not have to be regarded as being
substantially limited in a major life activity (sec. 3[3]); and (3)
adds rules of construction regarding the definition of disability that
provide guidance in applying the term ``substantially limits'' and
prohibit consideration of mitigating measures in determining whether a
person has a disability (sec. 3[4]).
 Statement of Need: This rule is necessary to bring the Department's
ADA regulations into compliance with the ADA Amendments Act of 2008,
which became effective on January 1, 2009. In addition, this rule is
necessary to make the Department's ADA title II and title III
regulations consistent with the ADA title I regulations issued on March
25, 2011 by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
incorporating the ADA Amendments Act definition of disability.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The summary of the legal basis of authority
for this regulation is set forth above in the abstract.
 Alternatives: In order to ensure consistency in application of the
ADA Amendments Act across titles I, II and III of the ADA, this rule is
intended to be consistent with the language of the EEOC's rule
implementing the ADA Amendments Act with respect to title I of the ADA
(employment). The Department will, however, consider alternative
regulatory language suggested by commenters so long as it maintains
that consistency.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 The Department's preliminary analysis indicates that the proposed
rule would not be ``economically significant,'' that is, the rule will
not have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million, or adversely
affect in a material way the economy, a sector of the economy, the
environment, public health or safety or State, local or tribal
governments or communities. According to the Department's preliminary
analysis, it is anticipated that the rule will cost between $36.32
million and $61.8 million in the first year (the year with the highest
costs). The Department estimates that in the first year of the
implementation of the proposed rule, approximately 142,000 students
will take advantage of additional testing accommodations than otherwise
would have been able to without the changes made to the definition of
disability to conform to the ADA Amendments Act. The Department
believes that this will result in benefits for many of these
individuals in the form of significantly higher earnings potential. The
Department expects that the rule will also have significant non-
quantifiable benefits to persons with newly covered disabilities in
other contexts, such as benefits of non-exclusion from the programs,
services and activities of State and local governments and public
accommodations, and the benefits of access to reasonable modifications
of policies, practices and procedures to meet their needs in a variety
of contexts. In this NPRM, the Department will be soliciting public
comment in response to its preliminary analysis.
 Risks: The ADA authorizes the Attorney General to enforce the ADA
and to promulgate regulations implementing the law's requirements.
Failure to update the Department's regulations to conform to statutory
changes and to be consistent with the EEOC regulations under title I of
the ADA will interfere with the Department's enforcement efforts and
lead to confusion about the law's requirements among entities covered
by titles I, II and III of the ADA, as well as members of the public.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/30/14 79 FR 4839
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/31/14
Final Action........................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Rebecca B. Bond, Chief, Department of Justice,
Civil Rights Division, Disability Rights Section, 950 Pennsylvania Ave.
NW., Washington, DC 20530, Phone: 800 514-0301.
 RIN: 1190-AA59
BILLING CODE 4410-BP-P


[[Page 76573]]

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

Fall 2014 Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Introduction

For over 100 years, the U.S. Department of Labor has been central
to safeguarding and expanding the American Dream for America's working
families. The Department's Fall 2014 Regulatory Agenda is driven by a
commitment to the basic bargain of America--if you work hard and play
by the rules and take responsibility for yourself and your family, you
can succeed in and climb the rungs of the middle class. There are many
components to Secretary Thomas E. Perez's opportunity agenda that are
reflected in the Department's regulatory agenda:
 training more people, including veterans and people with
disabilities, to have the skills they need for the in-demand jobs of
the 21st century;
 ensuring that people have the peace of mind that comes
with access to health care, retirement, and Federal workers'
compensation benefits when they need them;
 safeguarding a fair day's pay for a fair day's work for
all hardworking Americans, regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual
orientation, or gender identity;
 giving workers a voice in their workplaces; and
 protecting the safety and health of workers so they do not
have to risk their lives for a paycheck.
 The values embodied in the Department's regulatory agenda are
America's values. In developing the Department's regulatory agenda,
with a focus on strengthening our economy, the Department has sought
input and expertise from a broad cross section of American society,
including business leaders, workers, labor organizations, academics and
state and local officials. Expanding opportunity benefits all of us.
When the middle class is strong, our nation is strong.
 The Fall 2014 Regulatory Agenda reflects the Department's
commitment to rebuilding this strength through expanding opportunity.

The Department's Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Labor 2014 Regulatory Plan highlights the most
noteworthy and significant regulatory projects that will be undertaken
by its regulatory agencies: the Employee Benefits Security
Administration (EBSA), Employment and Training Administration (ETA),
Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA), Office of Federal
Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA), Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS),
Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP), Veterans' Employment
Service (VETS), and Wage and Hour Division (WHD). The initiatives and
priorities listed in the regulatory plan exemplify the five components
of the Secretary's opportunity agenda.

Training More People for Twenty-First Century Jobs

The Department's regulatory priorities reflect the Secretary's
vision for a demand-driven workforce investment system that serves the
needs of businesses and workers alike. For example:
 ETA seeks to develop and issue a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (NPRM) that implements the important changes made to the
public workforce system by the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
(WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128), which was signed by the President on July 22,
2014, replacing the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA). This NPRM
will help the Department implement WIOA, empowering the public
workforce system and its partners to increase employment, retention,
and earnings of participants, meet the skill requirements of employers,
and enhance the productivity and competitiveness of the nation.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (RIN: 1205-AB73).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ETA also proposes to update the National Apprenticeship
Act of 1937's equal opportunity regulations, which prohibit
discrimination in registered apprenticeship on the basis of race,
color, religion, national origin, and sex, and which require that
program sponsors take affirmative action to provide equal opportunity.
Most notably, the proposed rule would update equal opportunity
standards to include age (40 and older) and disability among the list
of protected bases. It would also strengthen the affirmative action
provisions by detailing mandatory actions that sponsors must take, and
by requiring affirmative action for individuals with disabilities.\2\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ Equal Employment Opportunity in Apprenticeship Amendment of
Regulations (RIN: 1205-AB59).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ensuring Access to Health Care, Retirement, and Workers' Compensation
Benefits

The Department is pursuing a regulatory program that is designed to
safeguard the retirement security of participants and beneficiaries by
protecting their rights and benefits under pension plans and by
encouraging, fostering, and promoting openness, transparency, and
communication with respect to the management and operations of such
plans. Examples include:
 EBSA's rulemaking to help assure workers' retirement
security by reducing harmful conflicts of interest in the retirement
savings marketplace so that the millions of plan sponsors, workers, and
retirees get the impartial advice they have a right to expect when they
rely on an adviser to help them invest their retirement savings. The
regulation would clarify the circumstances under which a person will be
considered a ``fiduciary'' when providing investment advice related to
retirement plans, individual retirement accounts, and other employee
benefit plans, and to participants, beneficiaries, and owners of such
plans and accounts.\3\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ Conflict of Interest Rule: Investment Advice (RIN: 1210-
AB32).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

EBSA continues to pursue initiatives to encourage the
offering of lifetime annuities or similar lifetime benefit distribution
options for participants and beneficiaries of defined contribution
plans. EBSA is developing a proposal relating to the presentation of a
participant's accrued benefits (account balance) as a lifetime income
stream of payments.\4\ EBSA is also developing proposed amendments to a
safe harbor regulation that will provide plan fiduciaries with more
certainty that they have discharged their obligations under section
404(a)(1)(B) of ERISA in selecting an annuity plan provider and
contract for benefit distributions from an individual account
retirement plan.\5\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ Pension Benefit Statement (RIN 1210-AB20).
 \5\ Selection of Annuity Providers--Safe Harbor for Individual
Account Plans (RIN: 1201-AB58).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

EBSA's regulatory program also includes initiatives involving
Annual Funding Notices \6\ and Standards for Brokerage Windows.\7\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ (RIN: 1210-AB18).
 \7\ (RIN: 1210-AB59).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

In addition, EBSA will continue to issue guidance implementing the
health reform provisions of the Affordable Care Act to help provide
better quality health care for America's workers and their families.
EBSA's regulations reduce discrimination in health coverage, promote
better access to quality coverage, and protect the ability of
individuals and businesses to keep their current health coverage. Many
regulations are joint rulemakings with the Departments of Health and
Human Services and the Treasury.

[[Page 76574]]

The Department also pursues regulations to ensure that Federal
workers' compensation benefits programs are fairly administered:
 OWCP plans to propose several modifications and
clarifications to the regulations implementing the Black Lung Benefits
Act, including a rule that addresses claimants' and coal mine
operators' responsibility to disclose medical evidence developed in
connection with a claim for benefits. In addition, the proposed
regulation would make several clarifications regarding reimbursement
rates for medical treatment, the modification procedure, evidence-
submission limits, and compensation payments.\8\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ Black Lung Benefits Act: Medical Evidence and Benefit
Payments (RIN: 1240-AA10).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Safeguarding Fair Pay for All Americans

The Department's regulatory agenda prioritizes ensuring that all
Americans receive a fair day's pay for a fair day's work, and are not
discriminated against with respect to hiring, employment, or benefits
on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
For example, WHD recently published a Final Rule to implement Executive
Order 13658, which the President signed in February 2014 to ensure that
certain Federal contractors pay a minimum wage of at least $10.10 per
hour beginning on January 1, 2015. Other notable proposals include:
 WHD plans to publish an NPRM proposing revisions to the
Fair Labor Standards Act's (FLSA's) overtime exemptions as directed by
a March 2014 Presidential Memorandum. The FLSA generally requires
covered employers to pay their employees at least the Federal minimum
wage for all hours worked, and one-and-one-half times their regular
rate of pay for hours worked in excess of 40 in a workweek
(``overtime''). However, there are a number of exemptions from the
FLSA's minimum wage and overtime requirements, including an exemption
for bona fide executive, administrative, or professional employees. The
President's Memorandum directed the Secretary to modernize and
streamline the existing overtime regulations for these ``white collar''
employees to ensure that hardworking middle-class workers are not
denied overtime protections that Congress intended.\9\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ Defining and Delimiting the Exemptions for Executive,
Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales, and Computer Employees
(RIN: 1235-AA11).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

WHD also plans to publish a Final Rule revising the
definition of ``spouse'' in the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) in
light of the United States Supreme Court's decision in United States v.
Windsor. This Department previously issued an NPRM proposing that
eligible employees in legal same-sex marriages may take unpaid, job-
protected leave to care for their spouse or family member, regardless
of whether their state of residence recognizes their same-sex
marriage.\10\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\10\ Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended (RIN:
1235-AA09).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP's rulemaking implementing Executive Order 13672,
signed by the President in July 2014 to amend Executive Order 11246,
ensures that Federal contractors do not engage in hiring or employment
discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The
Executive Order required the Department to prepare regulations within
90 days of the date of the Order to insert ``sexual orientation, gender
identity'' into identified paragraphs of section 2 of Executive Order
11246.\11\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\11\ Implementation of Executive Order 13672 Prohibiting
Discrimination Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity by
Contractors and Subcontractors (RIN: 1250-AA07).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP plans to issue a Final Rule pursuant to a
Presidential Memorandum directing the Department to require Federal
contractors and subcontractors to submit summary data on the
compensation paid to their employees. The use of this sort of ``Equal
Pay Report'' is one component of a larger strategy to address the
reality that, despite five decades of extraordinary legal and social
progress, working women still earn only 78 cents for every dollar that
working men earn, and the amount is even less for African American
women and Latinas. The new rule will enable OFCCP to direct its
enforcement resources toward Federal contractors whose summary data
indicate potential pay disparities, while reducing the likelihood of
reviewing companies that are in compliance with anti-discrimination
laws.\12\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\12\ Requirement to Report Summary Data on Employee Compensation
(RIN: 1250-AA03).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OFCCP also continues to pursue an initiative on Construction
Contractor Affirmative Action Requirements.\13\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\13\ (RIN: 1250-AA01).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Giving Workers a Voice in Their Workplaces

The Department's regulatory program also promotes policies that
give workers a voice in their workplaces, including by ensuring that
workers have information that is critical to their effective
participation in the workplace. Two key examples include:
 OFCCP plans to issue a Final Rule implementing Executive
Order 13665, which the President signed on April 8, 2014, prohibiting
discrimination by Federal contractors and subcontractors against
certain of their employees for disclosing compensation information.
This Executive Order was intended to address policies inhibiting
workers' ability to advocate for themselves about their pay and
prohibiting employee conversations about compensation. Such policies
can serve as a significant barrier to Federal enforcement of the laws
against compensation discrimination.\14\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\14\ Prohibitions Against Pay Secrecy Policies and Actions (RIN:
1250-AA06).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OLMS plans to publish a Final Rule following an NPRM that
proposed regulations to better implement the public disclosure
objectives of the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA)
in situations where an employer engages a consultant in order to
persuade employees concerning their rights to organize and bargain
collectively. Workers are better able to make an informed choice about
representation when they have the necessary information about
arrangements that have been made by their employer to persuade them
whether or not to form, join, or assist a union. While the LMRDA
requires employers to file reports of any agreement or arrangement with
a consultant to persuade employees concerning their rights to organize
and collectively bargain, the statute provides an exception for
consultants giving or agreeing to give ``advice'' to the employer. The
Department's NPRM reconsidered the current policy concerning the scope
of the ``advice'' exception.\15\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\15\ Persuader Agreements: Employer and Labor Relations
Consultant Reporting Under the LMRDA (RIN: 1245-AA03).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Protecting the Safety and Health of Workers

The Department's regulatory agenda prioritizes efforts to protect
the safety and health of workers so they do not have to risk their
lives for a paycheck. These efforts encompass protecting workers in all
workplaces, including above- and below-ground coal and metal/nonmetal
mines, in addition to efforts to ensure that benefits programs are
available to workers and their families when they are injured on the
job. Notable examples of these efforts include:
 OSHA continues to pursue regulations aimed at curbing lung
cancer, silicosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and kidney
disease in America's workers by lowering worker exposure to crystalline
silica, which kills hundreds and sickens thousands more each year. OSHA

[[Page 76575]]

estimates that the proposed rule would ultimately save nearly 700 lives
and prevent 1,600 new cases of silicosis annually. After publishing a
proposed rule in September 2013, OSHA received over 1,700 comments from
the public on the proposed rule, and over 200 stakeholders provided
testimony during public hearings on the proposal. In the coming months,
the agency will review and consider the evidence in the rulemaking
record. Based upon this review, OSHA will determine an appropriate
course of action with regard to workplace exposure to respirable
crystalline silica.\16\ As a part of the Secretary's strategy for
securing safe and healthy work environments, MSHA will utilize
information provided by OSHA to undertake regulatory action related to
silica exposure in mines.\17\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\16\ Occupational Exposure to Crystalline Silica (RIN: 1218-
AB70).
 \17\ Respirable Crystalline Silica Standard (RIN: 1219-AB36).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA is considering the need for regulatory action to
address the risk to workers exposed to infectious diseases in
healthcare and other related high-risk environments. Especially given
recent events necessitating the careful treatment of individuals with
life-threatening infectious diseases, OSHA is concerned about the risk
posed to healthcare workers with the movement of healthcare delivery
from the traditional hospital setting into more diverse and smaller
workplace settings. The Agency initiated the Small Business Regulatory
Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA) Panel process in the spring of
2014.\18\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\18\ Infectious Diseases (RIN: 1218-AC46).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA is developing a Final Rule exploring a requirement
for employers to electronically submit data required by agency
regulations governing the Recording and Reporting of Occupational
Injuries. An updated and modernized reporting system would enable a
more efficient and timely collection of data and would improve the
accuracy and availability of relevant records and statistics, in
addition to leveraging data already maintained electronically by many
large employers.\19\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\19\ Improve Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses (RIN:
1218-AC49).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MSHA plans to issue a Final Rule that would build upon a
proposed rule to address the danger that miners face when working near
continuous mining machines in underground coal mines. From 1984 through
2014, there have been 35 fatalities resulting from pinning, crushing or
striking accidents involving continuous mining machines--the types of
accidents that proximity detection technology can prevent. The proposed
rule would reduce the potential for such hazards.\20\ MSHA also plans
to publish a proposed rule that would require underground mine
operators to equip certain mobile machines with proximity detection
systems.\21\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\20\ Proximity Detection Systems for Continuous Mining Machines
in Underground Coal Mines (RIN: 1219-AB65).
 \21\ Proximity Detection Systems for Mobile Machines in
Underground Mines (RIN: 1219-AB78).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OSHA's regulatory program also includes initiatives involving
Injury and Illness Prevention Programs,\22\ Occupational Exposure to
Beryllium,\23\ Preventing Backover Injuries and Fatalities,\24\ and
various Whistleblower regulations.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\22\ (RIN: 1218-AC48).
 \23\ (RIN: 1218-AB76).
 \24\ (RIN: 1218-AC51).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Review and Burden Reduction

On January 18, 2011, the President issued Executive Order (E.O.)
13563 entitled ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review.'' The E.O.
aims to strike the right balance between protecting the health,
welfare, safety, and the environment for all Americans--a goal at the
core of the Labor Department's mission--while fostering economic
growth, job creation, and competitiveness. The Department's Fall 2014
Regulatory Agenda also aims to achieve more efficient and less
burdensome regulations through a retrospective review of the Labor
Department regulations.
 In August 2011, as part of a governmentwide response to E.O. 13563,
the Department published its ``Plan for Retrospective Analysis of
Existing Rules.'' This plan, and each subsequent update, can be found
at www.dol.gov/regulations/. The Department's Fall 2014 Agenda includes
12 retrospective review projects, which are listed below pursuant to
section 6 of E.O. 13563. More information about completed rulemakings
no longer included in the plan can be found on Reginfo.gov.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Whether it is expected to
 Agency Regulatory Identifier Title of rulemaking significantly reduce burdens
on
 No. small businesses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
EBSA................ 1210-AB47............... Amendment of Abandoned Plan Yes.
 Program.
EBSA................ 1210-AB63............... 21st Century Initiative to No.
 Modernize the Form 5500
 Series and Implementing
 and Related Regulations.
ETA................. 1205-AB59............... Equal Employment To Be Determined.

 Opportunity in
 Apprenticeship and
 Training, Amendment of
 Regulations.
ETA................. 1205-AB62............... Implementation of Total No.
 Unemployment Rate Extended
 Benefits Trigger and
 Rounding Rule.
MSHA................ 1219-AB72............... Criteria and Procedures for To Be
Determined.
 Proposed Assessment of
 Civil Penalties (Part 100).
OFCCP............... 1250-AA05............... Sex Discrimination To Be
Determined.
 Guidelines.
OSHA................ 1218-AC34............... Bloodborne Pathogens....... No.
OSHA................ 1218-AC67............... Standard Improvement Yes.
 Project_Phase IV (SIP IV).
OSHA................ 1218-AC74............... Review/Lookback of OSHA To Be
Determined.
 Chemical Standards.
OSHA................ 1218-AC81............... Cranes and Derricks in To Be
Determined.
 Construction: Amendments.
OSHA................ 1218-AC82............... Process Safety Management To Be
Determined.
 and Flammable Liquids.
OSHA................ 1218-AC49............... Improve Tracking of To Be
Determined.
 Workplace Injuries and
 Illnesses.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

[[Page 76576]]

DOL--EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION (ETA)

Proposed Rule Stage

96. Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: sec 503(f) of the Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act (Pub. L. 113-128)
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, January 18, 2015, Public Law 113-
128.
 Final, Statutory, January 18, 2016.
 Abstract: On July 22, 2014, the President signed the Workforce
Innovation Opportunity Act (WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128). WIOA repeals the
Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA). (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) The
Department of Labor must develop and issue a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (NPRM) that proposes to implement the changes WIOA makes to
the public workforce system in regulations. Through the NPRM, the
Department will propose ways to carry out the purposes of WIOA to
provide workforce investment activities, through State and local
workforce development systems, that increase employment, retention, and
earnings of participants, meet the skill requirements of employers, and
enhance the productivity and competitiveness of the Nation.
 Statement of Need: On July 22, 2014, the President signed the
Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act (WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128) into law.
WIOA repeals the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA) (29 U.S.C. 2801
et seq.) As a result, the WIA regulations no longer reflect current law
and we must change. Therefore, the Department of Labor seeks to develop
and issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that proposes to
implement the WIOA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act
(WIOA) (Pub. L. 113-128), signed by the President on July 22, 2014.
Section 503(f) of WIOA requires that the Department issue a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and then Final Rule that implements the
changes WIOA makes to the public workforce system in regulations.
 Alternatives: Since Congress statutorily directed the Department of
Labor to issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) and Final Rule
that implements the changes WIOA makes to the public workforce system
there is no alternative.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Undetermined.
 Risks: Undetermined.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Agency Contact: Portia Wu, Assistant Secretary for Employment and
Training, Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration,
200 Constitution Avenue NW., FP Building, Washington, DC 20210, Phone:
202 639-2700.
 RIN: 1205-AB73

DOL--MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION (MSHA)

Proposed Rule Stage

97. Respirable Crystalline Silica

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811
 CFR Citation: 30 CFR 58.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Current standards limit exposures to quartz (crystalline
silica) in respirable dust. The metal and nonmetal mining industry
standard is based on the 1973 American Conference of Governmental
Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) Threshold Limit Values formula: 10 mg/m3
divided by the percentage of quartz plus 2. Overexposure to crystalline
silica can result in some miners developing silicosis, an irreversible
but preventable lung disease, which ultimately may be fatal. The
formula is designed to limit exposures to 0.1 mg/m3 (100 ug/m3) of
silica. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health
(NIOSH) recommends a 50 ug/m3 exposure limit for respirable crystalline
silica. MSHA will publish a proposed rule to address miners' exposure
to respirable crystalline silica.
 Statement of Need: MSHA standards are outdated; current regulations
may not protect workers from developing silicosis. Evidence indicates
that miners continue to develop silicosis. MSHA's proposed regulatory
action exemplifies the Agency's commitment to protecting the most
vulnerable populations while assuring broad-based compliance. MSHA will
regulate based on sound science to eliminate or reduce the hazards with
the broadest and most serious consequences. MSHA intends to use OSHA's
work on the health effects and risk assessment, adapting it as
necessary for the mining industry.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking would improve health protection from
that afforded by the existing standards. MSHA will consider alternative
methods of addressing miners' exposures based on the capabilities of
the sampling and analytical methods.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will prepare estimates of the
anticipated costs and benefits associated with the proposed rule.
 Risks: For over 70 years, toxicology information and
epidemiological studies have shown that exposure to respirable
crystalline silica presents potential health risks to miners. These
potential adverse health effects include simple silicosis and
progressive massive fibrosis (lung scarring). Evidence indicates that
exposure to silica may cause cancer. MSHA believes that the health
evidence forms a reasonable basis for reducing miners' exposures to
respirable crystalline silica.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety
and Health Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington,
VA 22209, Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 RIN: 1219-AB36

DOL--MSHA

98. Criteria and Procedures for Proposed Assessment of Civil Penalties

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 815; 30 U.S.C. 820; 30 U.S.C. 957

[[Page 76577]]

CFR Citation: 30 CFR 100.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) revise the
process for proposing civil penalties. The assessment of civil
penalties is a key component in MSHA's strategy to enforce safety and
health standards. The Congress intended that the imposition of civil
penalties would induce mine operators to be proactive in their approach
to mine safety and health, and take necessary action to prevent safety
and health hazards before they occur. MSHA believes that the procedures
for assessing civil penalties can be revised to improve the efficiency
of the Agency's efforts and to facilitate the resolution of enforcement
issues.
 Statement of Need: Section 110(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and
Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act) requires MSHA to assess a civil penalty
for a violation of a mandatory health or safety standard or violation
of any provision of the Mine Act. The mine operator has 30 days from
receipt of the proposed assessment to contest it before the Federal
Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (Commission), an independent
adjudicatory agency established under the Mine Act. A proposed
assessment that is not contested within 30 days becomes a final order
of the Commission. A proposed assessment that is contested within 30
days proceeds to the Commission for adjudication. The proposed rule
would promote consistency, objectivity, and efficiency in the proposed
assessment of civil penalties. When issuing citations or orders,
inspectors are required to evaluate safety and health conditions, and
make decisions about the statutory criteria related to assessing
penalties. The proposed changes in the measures of the evaluation
criteria would result in fewer areas of disagreement and earlier
resolution of enforcement issues. The proposal would require conforming
changes to the Mine Citation/Order form (MSHA Form 7000-3).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 104 of the Mine Act requires MSHA
to issue citations or orders to mine operators for any violations of a
mandatory health or safety standard, rule, order, or regulation
promulgated under the Mine Act. Sections 105 and 110 of the Mine Act
provide for assessment of these penalties.
 Alternatives: The proposal would include several alternatives in
the preamble and requests comments on them.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA's proposed rule includes an
estimate of the anticipated costs and benefits.
 Risks: MSHA's existing procedures for assessing civil penalties can
be revised to improve the efficiency of the Agency's efforts and to
facilitate the resolution of enforcement issues. In the overwhelming
majority of contested cases before the Commission, the issue is not
whether a violation occurred. Rather, the parties disagree on the
gravity of the violation, the degree of mine operator negligence, and
other criterion. The proposed changes should result in fewer areas of
disagreement and earlier resolution of enforcement issues, which should
result in fewer contests of violations or proposed assessments.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 07/31/14 79 FR 44494
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/29/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/16/14 79 FR 55408
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 12/03/14 .......................
NPRM Notice of Public Hearings, 11/07/14 79 FR 66345
 Close of Comment Period.
NPRM Notice of Public Hearings, 01/09/15 .......................
 Close of Comment Period End.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety
and Health Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington,
VA 22209, Phone: 202-693-9440, Fax: 202-693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 RIN: 1219-AB72

DOL--MSHA

99. Proximity Detection Systems for Mobile Machines in Underground
Mines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) will develop
a proposed rule to address the hazards that miners face when working
near mobile equipment in underground mines. MSHA has concluded, from
investigations of accidents involving mobile equipment and other
reports, that action is needed to protect miner safety. Mobile
equipment can pin, crush, or strike a miner working near the equipment.
Proximity detection technology can prevent these types of accidents.
The proposed rule would strengthen the protection for underground
miners by reducing the potential of pinning, crushing, or striking
hazards associated with working close to mobile equipment.
 Statement of Need: Mining is one of the most hazardous industries
in this country. Miners continue to be injured or killed resulting from
pinning, crushing, or striking accidents involving mobile equipment.
Equipment is available to help prevent accidents that cause
debilitating injuries and accidental death.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as
amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006.
 Alternatives: No reasonable alternatives to this regulation would
be as comprehensive or as effective in eliminating hazards and
preventing injuries.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will develop a preliminary
regulatory economic analysis to accompany the proposed rule.
 Risks: The lack of proximity detection systems on mobile equipment
in underground mines contributes to a higher incidence of debilitating
injuries and accidental deaths.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information............. 02/01/10 75 FR 5009
RFI Comment Period Ended............ 04/02/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/regsinfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards,

[[Page 76578]]

Regulations, and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety and Health
Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington, VA 22209,
Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1219-AB65
 RIN: 1219-AB78

DOL--MSHA

Final Rule Stage

100. Proximity Detection Systems for Continuous Mining Machines in
Underground Coal Mines

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 30 U.S.C. 811.
 CFR Citation: 30 CFR 75.1732.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule addresses hazards that miners face when
working near continuous mining machines in underground coal mines. Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) has concluded, from
investigations of accidents involving continuous mining machines and
other reports, that action is necessary to protect miners. Continuous
mining machines can pin, crush, or strike a miner working near the
equipment. Proximity detection technology can prevent these types of
accidents. The final rule would strengthen the protection for
underground coal miners by reducing the potential of pinning, crushing,
or striking hazards associated with working close to continuous mining
machines.
 Statement of Need: Mining is one of the most hazardous industries
in this country. Miners continue to be injured or killed resulting from
pinning, crushing, or striking accidents involving mobile equipment.
Equipment is available to help prevent accidents that cause
debilitating injuries and accidental death.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Promulgation of this standard is authorized
by section 101(a) of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as
amended by the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006.
 Alternatives: No reasonable alternatives to this regulation would
be as comprehensive or as effective in eliminating hazards and
preventing injuries.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: MSHA will develop a regulatory
economic analysis to accompany the final rule.
 Risks: The lack of proximity detection systems on continuous mining
machines in underground coal mines contributes to a higher incidence of
debilitating injuries and accidental deaths.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information (RFI)....... 02/01/10 75 FR 5009
RFI Comment Period Ended............ 04/02/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/31/11 76 FR 54163
Notice of Public Hearing............ 10/12/11 76 FR 63238
NPRM Comment Period End............. 11/14/11 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.msha.gov/reginfo.htm.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Sheila McConnell, Acting Director, Office of
Standards and Variances, Department of Labor, Mine Safety and Health
Administration, 1100 Wilson Boulevard, Room 2350, Arlington, VA 22209,
Phone: 202 693-9440, Fax: 202 693-9441, Email:
mcconnell.sheila.a@dol.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 1219-AB78
 RIN: 1219-AB65

DOL--OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION (OSHA)

Prerule Stage

101. Infectious Diseases

Priority: Economically Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801
is undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 5 U.S.C. 533; 29 U.S.C. 657 and 658; 29 U.S.C.
660; 29 U.S.C. 666; 29 U.S.C. 669; 29 U.S.C. 673; ...
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1910.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Employees in health care and other high-risk environments
face long-standing infectious disease hazards such as tuberculosis
(TB), varicella disease (chickenpox, shingles), and measles (rubeola),
as well as new and emerging infectious disease threats, such as Severe
Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and pandemic influenza. Health care
workers and workers in related occupations, or who are exposed in other
high-risk environments, are at increased risk of contracting TB, SARS,
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and other
infectious diseases that can be transmitted through a variety of
exposure routes. OSHA is concerned about the ability of employees to
continue to provide health care and other critical services without
unreasonably jeopardizing their health. OSHA is considering the need
for a standard to ensure that employers establish a comprehensive
infection control program and control measures to protect employees
from infectious disease exposures to pathogens that can cause
significant disease. Workplaces where such control measures might be
necessary include: Health care, emergency response, correctional
facilities, homeless shelters, drug treatment programs, and other
occupational settings where employees can be at increased risk of
exposure to potentially infectious people. A standard could also apply
to laboratories, which handle materials that may be a source of
pathogens, and to pathologists, coroners' offices, medical examiners,
and mortuaries.
 Statement of Need: In 2007, the healthcare and social assistance
sector as a whole had 16.5 million employees. Healthcare workplaces can
range from small private practices of physicians to hospitals that
employ thousands of workers. In addition, healthcare is increasingly
being provided in other settings such as nursing homes, free-standing
surgical and outpatient centers, emergency care clinics, patients'
homes, and prehospitalization emergency care settings. The Agency is
particularly concerned by studies that indicate that transmission of
infectious diseases to both patients and healthcare workers may be
occurring as a result of incomplete adherence to recognized, but
voluntary, infection control measures. Another concern is the movement
of healthcare delivery from the traditional hospital setting, with its
greater infrastructure and resources to effectively implement infection
control measures, into more diverse and smaller workplace settings with
less infrastructure and fewer resources, but with an expanding worker
population.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Occupational Safety and Health Act of
1970 authorizes the Secretary of Labor to set mandatory occupational
safety and health standards to assure safe and healthful working
conditions for working men and women (29 U.S.C. 651).
 Alternatives: The alternative to the proposed rulemaking would be
to take no regulatory action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimates of the costs and
benefits are still under development.
 Risks: Analysis of risks is still under development.

[[Page 76579]]

Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Request for Information (RFI)....... 05/06/10 75 FR 24835
RFI Comment Period End.............. 08/04/10 .......................
Analyze Comments.................... 12/30/10 .......................
Stakeholder Meetings................ 07/29/11 .......................
Initiate SBREFA..................... 06/04/14 .......................
Complete SBREFA..................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: William Perry, Director, Directorate of Standards
and Guidance, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-3718, Washington,
DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-1950, Fax: 202 693-1678, Email:
perry.bill@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AC46

DOL--OSHA

Proposed Rule Stage

102. Occupational Exposure to Crystalline Silica

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 655(b); 29 U.S.C. 657
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1910; 29 CFR 1915; 29 CFR 1917; 29 CFR 1918;
29 CFR 1926.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Crystalline silica is a significant component of the
earth's crust, and many workers in a wide range of industries are
exposed to it, usually in the form of respirable quartz or, less
frequently, cristobalite. Chronic silicosis is a uniquely occupational
disease resulting from exposure of employees over long periods of time
(10 years or more). Exposure to high levels of respirable crystalline
silica causes acute or accelerated forms of silicosis that are
ultimately fatal. The current OSHA permissible exposure limit (PEL) for
general industry is based on a formula proposed by the American
Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) in 1968 (PEL =
10mg/cubic meter/(% silica + 2), as respirable dust). The current PEL
for construction and shipyards (derived from ACGIH's 1970 Threshold
Limit Value) is based on particle counting technology, which is
considered obsolete. NIOSH and ACGIH recommend 50[mu]g/m3 and 25[mu]g/
m3 exposure limits, respectively, for respirable crystalline silica.
 Both industry and worker groups have recognized that a
comprehensive standard for crystalline silica is needed to provide for
exposure monitoring, medical surveillance, and worker training. ASTM
International has published recommended standards for addressing the
hazards of crystalline silica. The Building Construction Trades
Department of the AFL-CIO has also developed a recommended
comprehensive program standard. These standards include provisions for
methods of compliance, exposure monitoring, training, and medical
surveillance.
 The NPRM was published on September 12, 2013. OSHA received over
1,700 comments from the public on the proposed rule, and over 200
stakeholders provided testimony during public hearings on the proposal.
In the coming months, the agency will review and consider the evidence
in the rulemaking record. Based upon this review, OSHA will determine
an appropriate course of action with regard to workplace exposure to
respirable crystalline silica.
 Statement of Need: Workers are exposed to crystalline silica dust
in general industry, construction, and maritime industries. Industries
that could be particularly affected by a standard for crystalline
silica include: Foundries, industries that have abrasive blasting
operations, paint manufacture, glass and concrete product manufacture,
brick making, china and pottery manufacture, manufacture of plumbing
fixtures, and many construction activities including highway repair,
masonry, concrete work, rock drilling, and tuckpointing. The
seriousness of the health hazards associated with silica exposure is
demonstrated by the fatalities and disabling illnesses that continue to
occur. From 2006 to 2010 silicosis was identified on 617 death
certificates as an underlying or contributing cause of death. It is
likely that many more cases have occurred where silicosis went
undetected. In addition, the International Agency for Research on
Cancer has designated crystalline silica as carcinogenic to humans, and
the National Toxicology Program has concluded that respirable
crystalline silica is a known human carcinogen. Exposure to crystalline
silica has also been associated with an increased risk of developing
tuberculosis and other nonmalignant respiratory diseases, as well as
renal and autoimmune diseases. Exposure studies and OSHA enforcement
data indicate that some workers continue to be exposed to levels of
crystalline silica far in excess of current exposure limits. Congress
has included compensation of silicosis victims on Federal nuclear
testing sites in the Energy Employees' Occupational Illness
Compensation Program Act of 2000. There is a particular need for the
Agency to modernize its exposure limits for construction and shipyard
workers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for the proposed rule is a
preliminary determination that workers are exposed to a significant
risk of silicosis and other serious disease, and that rulemaking is
needed to substantially reduce the risk. In addition, the proposed rule
will recognize that the PELs for construction and maritime are
outdated, and need to be revised to reflect current sampling and
analytical technologies.
 Alternatives: Over the past several years, the Agency has attempted
to address this problem through a variety of non-regulatory approaches,
including initiation of a Special Emphasis Program on silica in October
1997, sponsorship with NIOSH and MSHA of the National Conference to
Eliminate Silicosis, and dissemination of guidance information on its
Web site.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The scope of the proposed rulemaking
and estimates of the costs and benefits are still under development.
 Risks: A detailed risk analysis is under way.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Completed SBREFA Report............. 12/19/03 .......................
Initiated Peer Review of Health 05/22/09 .......................
 Effects and Risk Assessment.
Completed Peer Review............... 01/24/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 09/12/13 78 FR 56274
NPRM Comment Period Extended; Notice 10/31/13 78 FR 65242
 of Intention to Appear at Pub
 Hearing; Scheduling Pub Hearing.
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 01/29/14 79 FR 4641

[[Page 76580]]


Informal Public Hearing............. 03/18/14 .......................
Post Hearing Briefs Ends............ 08/18/14 .......................
Analyze Comments.................... 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in E.O. 13132.
 Agency Contact: William Perry, Director, Directorate of Standards
and Guidance, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-3718, Washington,
DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-1950, Fax: 202 693-1678, Email:
perry.bill@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AB70

DOL--OSHA

Final Rule Stage

103. Improve Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 657
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1904.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is
making changes to its reporting system for occupational injuries and
illnesses. An updated and modernized reporting system would enable a
more efficient and timely collection of data, and would improve the
accuracy and availability of the relevant records and statistics. This
rulemaking involves modification to 29 CFR part 1904.41 to expand
OSHA's legal authority to collect and make available injury and illness
information required under part 1904.
 Statement of Need: The collection of establishment specific injury
and illness data in electronic format on a timely basis is needed to
help OSHA, employers, employees, researchers, and the public more
effectively prevent workplace injuries and illnesses, as well as
support President Obama's Open Government Initiative to increase the
ability of the public to easily find, download, and use the resulting
dataset generated and held by the Federal Government.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Occupational Safety and Health Act of
1970 authorizes the Secretary of Labor to develop and maintain an
effective program of collection, compilation, and analysis of
occupational safety and health statistics (29 U.S.C. 673).
 Alternatives: The alternative to the proposed rulemaking would be
to take no regulatory action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The estimates of the costs and
benefits are still under development.
 Risks: Analysis of risks is still under development.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stakeholder Meetings................ 05/25/10 75 FR 24505
Comment Period End.................. 06/18/10 .......................
NPRM................................ 11/08/13 78 FR 67253
Notice of Public Meeting............ 11/15/13 78 FR 68782
Public Meeting...................... 01/09/13 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 08/14/14 79 FR 47605
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/14/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Agency Contact: Francis Yebesi, Acting Director, Directorate of
Evaluation and Analysis, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and
Health Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW., FP Bld, Rm N-3641,
Washington, DC 20210, Phone: 202 693-2400, Fax: 202 693-1641, Email:
yebesi.francis@dol.gov
 RIN: 1218-AC49
BILLING CODE 4510-04-P

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION (DOT)

Introduction: Department Overview and Summary of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Transportation (DOT) consists of 9 operating
administrations and the Office of the Secretary, each of which has
statutory responsibility for a wide range of regulations. DOT regulates
safety in the aviation, motor carrier, railroad, motor vehicle,
commercial space, public transportation, and pipeline transportation
areas. DOT also regulates aviation consumer and economic issues and
provides financial assistance for programs involving highways,
airports, public transportation, the maritime industry, railroads, and
motor vehicle safety. In addition, the Department writes regulations to
carry out a variety of statutes ranging from the Americans With
Disabilities Act to the Uniform Time Act. Finally, DOT develops and
implements a wide range of regulations that govern internal DOT
programs such as acquisitions and grants, access for the disabled,
environmental protection, energy conservation, information technology,
occupational safety and health, property asset management, seismic
safety, and the use of aircraft and vehicles.

The Department's Regulatory Priorities

The Department's regulatory priorities respond to the challenges
and opportunities we face. Our mission generally is as follows:
 The national objectives of general welfare, economic growth and
stability, and the security of the United States require the
development of transportation policies and programs that contribute to
providing fast, safe, efficient, and convenient transportation at the
lowest cost consistent with those and other national objectives,
including the efficient use and conservation of the resources of the
United States.
 To help us achieve our mission, we have five goals in the
Department's Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2012-2016:
 Safety: Improve safety by ``reducing transportation-
related fatalities and injuries.''
 State of Good Repair: Improve the condition of our
Nation's transportation infrastructure.
 Economic Competitiveness: Foster ``smart strategic
investments that will serve the traveling public and facilitate freight
movements.''
 Quality of Life: Foster through ``coordinated, place-based
policies and investments that increase transportation choices and
access to transportation services.''
 Environmental Sustainability: Advance environmental
sustainability ``through strategies such as fuel economy standards for
cars and trucks, more environmentally sound construction and
operational practices, and by expanding opportunities for shifting
freight from less fuel-efficient modes to more fuel-efficient modes.''
 In identifying our regulatory priorities for the next year, the
Department considered its mission and goals and focused on a number of
factors, including the following:
 The relative risk being addressed.
 Requirements imposed by statute or other law.
 Actions on the National Transportation Safety Board ``Most
Wanted List''.
 The costs and benefits of the regulations.

[[Page 76581]]

The advantages of nonregulatory alternatives.
 Opportunities for deregulatory action.
 The enforceability of any rule, including the effect on
agency resources.
 This regulatory plan identifies the Department's regulatory
priorities--the 17 pending rulemakings chosen, from among the dozens of
significant rulemakings listed in the Department's broader regulatory
agenda, that the Department believes will merit special attention in
the upcoming year. The rules included in the regulatory plan embody the
Department's focus on our strategic goals.
 The regulatory plan reflects the Department's primary focus on
safety--a focus that extends across several modes of transportation.
For example:
 The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) will continue
its efforts to implement safety management systems.
 The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA)
continues its work to strengthen the requirements for Electronic
Logging Devices and revise motor carrier safety fitness procedures.
 The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA)
will continue its rulemaking efforts to reduce death and injury
resulting from incidents involving motorcoaches.
 Each of the rulemakings in the regulatory plan is described below
in detail. In order to place them in context, we first review the
Department's regulatory philosophy and our initiatives to educate and
inform the public about transportation safety issues. We then describe
the role of the Department's retrospective reviews and its regulatory
process and other important regulatory initiatives of OST and of each
of the Department's components. Since each transportation ``mode''
within the Department has its own area of focus, we summarize the
regulatory priorities of each mode and of OST, which supervises and
coordinates modal initiatives and has its own regulatory
responsibilities, such as consumer protection in the aviation industry.
The Department's Regulatory Philosophy and Initiatives
 The Department has adopted a regulatory philosophy that applies to
all its rulemaking activities. This philosophy is articulated as
follows: DOT regulations must be clear, simple, timely, fair,
reasonable, and necessary. They will be issued only after an
appropriate opportunity for public comment, which must provide an equal
chance for all affected interests to participate, and after appropriate
consultation with other governmental entities. The Department will
fully consider the comments received. It will assess the risks
addressed by the rules and their costs and benefits, including the
cumulative effects. The Department will consider appropriate
alternatives, including nonregulatory approaches. It will also make
every effort to ensure that regulation does not impose unreasonable
mandates.
 The Department stresses the importance of conducting high-quality
rulemakings in a timely manner and reducing the number of old
rulemakings. To implement this, the Department has required the
following actions: (1) Regular meetings of senior DOT officials to
ensure effective policy leadership and timely decisions, (2) effective
tracking and coordination of rulemakings, (3) regular reporting, (4)
early briefings of interested officials, (5) regular training of staff,
and (6) adequate allocations of resources. The Department has achieved
significant success because of this effort. It allows the Department to
use its resources more effectively and efficiently.
 The Department's regulatory policies and procedures provide a
comprehensive internal management and review process for new and
existing regulations and ensure that the Secretary and other
appropriate appointed officials review and concur in all significant
DOT rules. DOT continually seeks to improve its regulatory process. A
few examples include: The Department's development of regulatory
process and related training courses for its employees; creation of an
electronic rulemaking tracking and coordination system; the use of
direct final rulemaking; the use of regulatory negotiation; a
continually expanding and improved Internet page that provides
important regulatory information, including ``effects'' reports and
status reports (http://www.dot.gov/regulations); and the continued
exploration and use of Internet blogs and other Web 2.0 technology to
increase and enhance public participation in its rulemaking process.
 In addition, the Department continues to engage in a wide variety
of activities to help cement the partnerships between its agencies and
its customers that will produce good results for transportation
programs and safety. The Department's agencies also have established a
number of continuing partnership mechanisms in the form of rulemaking
advisory committees.

The Department's Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

In accordance with Executive Order (E.O.) 13563 (Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review), the Department actively engaged in a
special retrospective review of our existing rules to determine whether
they need to be revised or revoked. This review was in addition to
those reviews in accordance with section 610 of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act, E.O. 12866, and the Department's Regulatory Policies
and Procedures. As part of this effort, we also reviewed our processes
for determining what rules to review and ensuring that the rules are
effectively reviewed. As a result of the review, we identified many
rules for expedited review and changes to our retrospective review
process. Pursuant to section 6 of E.O. 13563, the following Regulatory
Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated with
retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. If a retrospective review action has been completed it will no
longer appear on the list below. However, more information can be found
about these completed rulemakings on the Unified Agenda publications at
Reginfo.gov in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency
retrospective review plan can be found at http://www.dot.gov/regulations.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly reduces
 RIN Rulemaking title costs on small
 businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. 2105-AE29................ Transportation
 Services for
 Individuals
 with
 Disabilities:
 Over-the-Road
 Buses (RRR).

[[Page 76582]]


2. 2120-AJ90................ Effective Tether
 System (Tether
 Rule) (RRR).
3. 2120-AJ94................ Enhanced Flight
 Vision System
 (EFVS) (RRR).
4. 2120-AK24................ Fuel Tank and
 System
 Lightning
 Protection
 (RRR).
5. 2120-AK28................ Aviation
 Training
 Devices; Pilot
 Certification,
 Training, and
 Pilot Schools;
 Other
 Provisions
 (RRR).
6. 2120-AK32................ Acceptance
 Criteria for
 Portable Oxygen
 Concentrators
 Used Onboard
 Aircraft (RRR).
7. 2120-AK34................ Flammability
 Requirements
 for Transport
 Category
 Airplanes (RRR).
8. 2120-AK40................ Elimination of
 the Air Traffic
 Control Tower
 Operator
 Certificate for
 Controllers Who
 Hold a Federal
 Aviation
 Administration
 Credential With
 a Tower Rating
 (RRR).
9. 2120-AK44................ Reciprocal
 Waivers of
 Claims for Non-
 Party Customer
 Beneficiaries,
 Signature of
 Waivers of
 Claims by
 Commercial
 Space
 Transportation
 Customers. And
 Waiver of
 Claims and
 Assumption of
 Responsibility
 for Permitted
 Activities with
 No Customer
 (RRR).
10. 2125-AF62............... Acquisition of
 Right-of-Way
 (RRR) (MAP-21).
11. 2125-AF65............... Buy America
 (RRR).
12. 2126-AB46............... Inspection,
 Repair, and
 Maintenance;
 Driver-Vehicle
 Inspection
 Report (RRR).
13. 2126-AB47............... Electronic
 Signatures and
 Documents (E-
 Signatures)
 (RRR).
14. 2126-AB49............... Elimination of
 Redundant
 Maintenance
 Rule (RRR).
15. 2127-AK98............... Pedestrian
 Safety Global
 Technical
 Regulation
 (RRR).
16. 2127-AL03............... Part 571 FMVSS
 No. 205,
 Glazing
 Materials, GTR
 (RRR).
17. 2127-AL05............... Amend FMVSS No. Y
 210 to
 Incorporate the
 Use of a New
 Force
 Application
 Device (RRR).
18. 2127-AL17............... 49 CFR Part 595,
 Subpart C, Make
 Inoperative
 Exemptions,
 Vehicle
 Modifications
 to Accommodate
 People With
 Disabilities,
 from FMVSS No.
 226 (RRR).
19. 2127-AL20............... Upgrade of LATCH
 Usability
 Requirements
 (MAP-21) (RRR).
20. 2127-AL24............... Rapid Tire
 Deflation Test
 in FMVSS No.
 110 (RRR).
21. 2127-AL41............... FMVSS No.
 571.108 License
 Plate Mounting
 Angle (RRR).
22. 2127-AL58............... Upgrade of Rear
 Impact Guard
 Requirements
 for Trailers
 and
 Semitrailers
 (RRR).
23. 2130-AC32............... Positive Train Y
 Control
 Systems: De
 Minimis
 Exception, Yard
 Movements, En
 Route Failures;
 Miscellaneous
 Grade Crossing/
 Signal and
 Train Control
 Amendments
 (RRR).
24. 2130-AC40............... Qualification
 and
 Certification
 of Locomotive
 Engineers;
 Miscellaneous
 Revisions (RRR).
25. 2130-AC41............... Hours of Service
 Recordkeeping;
 Electronic
 Recordkeeping
 Amendments
 (RRR).
26. 2130-AC43............... Safety Glazing
 Standards;
 Miscellaneous
 Revisions (RRR).
27. 2130-AC44............... Revisions to
 Signal System
 Reporting
 Requirements
 (RRR).
28. 2137-AE38............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Compatibility
 with the
 Regulations of
 the
 International
 Atomic Energy
 Agency (IAEA)
 (RRR).
29. 2137-AE62............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Approval and
 Communication
 Requirements
 for the Safe
 Transportation
 of Air Bag
 Inflators, Air
 Bag Modules,
 and Seat-Belt
 Pretensioners
 (RRR).
30. 2137-AE72............... Pipeline Safety: Y
 Gas
 Transmission
 (RRR).
31. 2137-AE80............... Hazardous Y
 Materials:
 Miscellaneous
 Pressure Vessel
 Requirements
 (DOT Spec
 Cylinders)
 (RRR).
32. 2137-AE81............... Hazardous Y
 Materials:
 Reverse
 Logistics (RRR).
33. 2137-AE85............... Pipeline Safety:
 Periodic
 Updates of
 Regulatory
 References to
 Technical
 Standards and
 Miscellaneous
 Amendments
 (RRR).
34. 2137-AE86............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Requirements
 for the Safe
 Transportation
 of Bulk
 Explosives
 (RRR).
35. 2137-AE94............... Pipeline Safety: Y
 Operator
 Qualification,
 Cost Recovery,
 Accident and
 Incident
 Notification,
 and Other
 Changes (RRR).
36. 2137-AF04............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Miscellaneous
 Amendments
 (RRR).
37. 2137-AF05............... Hazardous
 Materials:
 Harmonization
 with
 International
 Standards (RRR).
------------------------------------------------------------------------

International Regulatory Cooperation

E.O. 13609 (Promoting International Regulatory Cooperation)
stresses that ``[i]n an increasingly global economy, international
regulatory cooperation, consistent with domestic law and prerogatives
and U.S. trade policy, can be an important means of promoting the goals
of'' E.O. 13563 to ``protect public health, welfare, safety, and our
environment while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation.'' DOT has long recognized the value
of international regulatory cooperation and has engaged in a variety of
activities with both foreign governments and international bodies.
These activities have ranged from cooperation in the development of
particular standards to discussions of necessary steps for rulemakings
in general, such as risk assessments and cost-benefit analyses of
possible standards. Since the issuance of E.O. 13609, we have increased
our efforts in this area. For example, many of DOT's Operating
Administrations are active in groundbreaking government-wide Regulatory
Cooperation Councils (RCC) with Canada, Mexico, and the European Union.
These RCC working groups are setting a precedent in developing and
testing approaches to international coordination of rulemaking to
reduce barriers to international trade. We also have been exploring
innovative approaches to ease the development process.
 Examples of the many cooperative efforts we are engaged in include
the following: The FAA maintains ongoing efforts with foreign civil
aviation authorities, including in particular the European Aviation
Safety Agency and Transport Canada, to harmonize standards and
practices where doing so will improve the safety of aviation and
aviation-related activities. The FAA also plays an active role in the
standard-setting work of the International Civil Aviation Organization
(ICAO), particularly on the Air Navigation Commission and the Legal
Committee. In doing so, the FAA works with other

[[Page 76583]]

Nations to shape the standards and recommended practices adopted by
ICAO. The FAA's rulemaking actions related to safety management systems
are examples of the FAA's harmonization efforts.
 NHTSA is actively engaged in international regulatory cooperative
efforts on both a multilateral and a bilateral basis, exchanging
information on best practices and otherwise seeking to leverage its
resources for addressing vehicle issues in the U.S. As noted in
Executive Order 13609: ``(i)n meeting shared challenges involving
health, safety, labor, security, environmental, and other issues,
international regulatory cooperation can identify approaches that are
at least as protective as those that are or would be adopted in the
absence of such cooperation'' and ``can also reduce, eliminate, or
prevent unnecessary differences in regulatory requirements.''
 As the representative, for vehicle safety matters, of the United
States, one of 33 contracting parties to the 1998 Agreement on the
Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations, NHTSA is an active participant in
the World Forum for Vehicle Regulations (WP.29) at the UN. Under that
umbrella, NHTSA is currently working on the development of harmonized
regulations for the safety of electric vehicles; hydrogen and fuel cell
vehicles; advanced head restraints; pole side impact test procedures;
pedestrian protection; the safety risks associated with quieter
vehicles, such as electric and hybrid electric vehicles; and
advancements in tires.
 In recognition of the large cross-border market in motor vehicles
and motor vehicle equipment, NHTSA is working bilaterally with
Transport Canada under the Motor Vehicles Working Group of the U.S.-
Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council (RCC) to facilitate
implementation of the initial RCC Joint Action Plan. Under this Plan,
NHTSA and Transport Canada are working on the development of
international standards on quieter vehicles, electric vehicle safety,
and hydrogen and fuel cell vehicles.
 Building on the initial Joint Action Plan, the U.S. and Canada
issued a Joint Forward Plan on August 29, 2014. The Forward Plan
provides that, over the next six months, regulators will develop
Regulatory Partnership Statements (RPSs) outlining the framework for
how cooperative activities will be managed between agencies. In that
same period, regulators will also develop and complete detailed work
plans to begin to address the commitments in the Forward Plan. To
facilitate future cooperation, the RCC will work over the next year on
cross-cutting issues in areas such as: ``sharing information with
foreign governments, joint funding of new initiatives and our
respective rulemaking processes.''
 To broaden and deepen its cooperative efforts with the European
Union, NHTSA is participating in ongoing negotiations regarding the
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership which is ``aimed at
providing greater compatibility and transparency in trade and
investment regulation, while maintaining high levels of health, safety,
and environmental protection.'' NHTSA is seeking to build on existing
levels of safety and lay the groundwork for future cooperation in
addressing emerging safety issues and technologies.
 PHMSA's hazardous material group works with ICAO, the UN
Subcommittee of Experts on Dangerous Goods, and the International
Maritime Organization. Through participation in these international
bodies, PHMSA is able to advocate on behalf of U.S. safety and
commercial interests to guide the development of international
standards with which U.S. businesses have to comply when shipping in
international commerce. PHMSA additionally participates in the RCC with
Canada and has a Memorandum of Cooperation in place to ensure that
cross-border shipments are not hampered by conflicting regulations. The
pipeline group at PHMSA incorporates many standards by reference into
the Pipeline Safety Regulations, and the development of these standards
benefit from the participation of experts from around the world.
 In the areas of airline consumer protection and civil rights
regulation, OST is particularly conscientious in seeking international
regulatory cooperation. For example, the Department participates in the
standard-setting activities of ICAO and meets and works with other
governments and international airline associations on the
implementation of U.S. and foreign aviation rules.
 For a number of years the Department has also provided information
on which of its rulemaking actions have international effects. This
information, updated monthly, is available at the Department's
regulatory information Web site, http://www.dot.gov/regulations, under
the heading ``Reports on Rulemakings and Enforcement.'' (The reports
can be found under headings for ``EU,'' ``NAFTA'' (Canada and Mexico)
and ``Foreign.'') A list of our significant rulemakings that are
expected to have international effects follows; the identifying RIN
provided below can be used to find summary and other information about
the rulemakings in the Department's Regulatory Agenda published along
with this Plan:

DOT Significant Rulemakings With International Impacts
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2105-AD90......................................... Stowage and
 Assistive Devices.
2105-AD91......................................... Accessibility of
 Airports.
2105-AE06......................................... E-Cigarette.
2120-AJ60......................................... Small Unmanned
 Aircraft.
2120-AJ69......................................... Prohibition Against
 Certain Flights
 Within the
 Territory and
 Airspace of
 Afghanistan.
2120-AJ89......................................... Slot Management and
 Transparency.
2120-AK09......................................... Drug & Alcohol
 Testing for Repair
 Stations.
2126-AA34......................................... Mexico-Domiciled
 Motor Carriers.
2126-AA35......................................... Safety Monitoring
 System and
 Compliance
 Initiative for
 Mexico-Domiciled
 Motor Carriers
 Operating in the
 United States.
2124-AA70......................................... Limitations on the
 Issuance of
 Commercial Driver
 Licenses with a
 Hazardous Materials
 Endorsement.
2126-AB56......................................... MAP-21 Enhancements
 and Other Updates
 to the Unified
 Registration
 System.
2127-AK76......................................... Tire Fuel Efficiency
 Part 2.
2127-AK93......................................... Quieter Vehicles
 Sound Alert.
2127-AK95......................................... Side Impact Test
 Procedure for CRS.
2133-AB74......................................... Cargo Preference.

[[Page 76584]]


2137-AE91......................................... Enhanced Rail Tank
 Car Standards.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

As we identify rulemakings arising out of our ongoing regulatory
cooperation activities that we reasonably anticipate will lead to
significant regulations, we will add them to our Web site report and
subsequent Agendas and Plans.
The Department's Regulatory Process
 The Department will also continue its efforts to use advances in
technology to improve its rulemaking management process. For example,
the Department created an effective tracking system for significant
rulemakings to ensure that either rules are completed in a timely
manner or delays are identified and fixed. Through this tracking
system, a monthly status report is generated. To make its efforts more
transparent, the Department has made this report Internet accessible at
http://www.dot.gov/regulations, as well as through a list-serve. By
doing this, the Department is providing valuable information concerning
our rulemaking activity and is providing information necessary for the
public to evaluate the Department's progress in meeting its commitment
to completing quality rulemakings in a timely manner.
 The Department continues to place great emphasis on the need to
complete high-quality rulemakings by involving senior departmental
officials in regular meetings to resolve issues expeditiously.

Office of the Secretary of Transportation (OST)

The Office of the Secretary (OST) oversees the regulatory process
for the Department. OST implements the Department's regulatory policies
and procedures and is responsible for ensuring the involvement of top
management in regulatory decisionmaking. Through the General Counsel's
office, OST is also responsible for ensuring that the Department
complies with the Administrative Procedure Act, Executive Order 12866
(Regulatory Planning and Review), Executive Order 13563, DOT's
Regulatory Policies and Procedures, and other legal and policy
requirements affecting rulemaking. Although OST's principal role
concerns the review of the Department's significant rulemakings, this
office has the lead role in the substance of such projects as those
concerning aviation economic rules, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, and rules that affect multiple elements of the Department.
 OST provides guidance and training regarding compliance with
regulatory requirements and process for personnel throughout the
Department. OST also plays an instrumental role in the Department's
efforts to improve our economic analyses; risk assessments; regulatory
flexibility analyses; other related analyses; retrospective reviews of
rules; and data quality, including peer reviews.
 OST also leads and coordinates the Department's response to the
Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) intergovernmental review of
other agencies' significant rulemaking documents and to Administration
and congressional proposals that concern the regulatory process. The
General Counsel's office works closely with representatives of other
agencies, OMB, the White House, and congressional staff to provide
information on how various proposals would affect the ability of the
Department to perform its safety, infrastructure, and other missions.
 During Fiscal Year 2015, OST will continue to focus its efforts on
enhancing airline passenger protections by requiring carriers to adopt
various consumer service practices under the following rulemaking
initiatives:
 Accessible In-Flight Entertainment
 Airline Pricing Transparency and Other Consumer Protection
Issues
 Carrier-Supplied Medical Oxygen, Accessible In-Flight
Entertainment Systems, Service Animals, and Accessible Lavatories on
Single-Aisle Aircraft.
 OST will also continue its efforts to help coordinate the
activities of several operating administrations that advance various
departmental efforts that support the Administration's initiatives on
promoting safety, stimulating the economy and creating jobs, sustaining
and building America's transportation infrastructure, and improving
quality of life for the people and communities who use transportation
systems subject to the Department's policies. It will also continue to
oversee the Department's rulemaking actions to implement the ``Moving
Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act'' (MAP-21).

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)

The Federal Aviation Administration is charged with safely and
efficiently operating and maintaining the most complex aviation system
in the world. Destination 2025, an FAA initiative that captures the
agency's vision of transforming the Nation's aviation system by 2025,
has proven to be an effective tool for pushing the agency to think
about longer-term aspirations; FAA has established a vision that
defines the agency's priorities for the next five years. The changing
technological and industry environment compels us to transform the
agency. And the challenging fiscal environment we face only increases
the need to prioritize our goals.
 We have identified four major strategic initiatives where we will
focus our efforts: (1) Risk-based Decision Making--Build on safety
management principles to proactively address emerging safety risk by
using consistent, data-informed approaches to make smarter, system-
level, risk-based decisions; (2) NAS Initiative--Lay the foundation for
the National Airspace System of the future by achieving prioritized
NextGen benefits, enabling the safe and efficient integration of new
user entrants including Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and Commercial
Space flights, and deliver more efficient, streamlined air traffic
management services; (3) Global Leadership--Improve safety, air traffic
efficiency, and environmental sustainability across the globe through
an integrated, data-driven approach that shapes global standards,
enhances collaboration and harmonization, and better targets FAA
resources and efforts; and (4) Workforce of the Future--Prepare FAA's
human capital for the future, by identifying, recruiting, and training
a workforce with the leadership, technical, and functional skills to
ensure the U.S. has the world's safest and most productive aviation
sector.
 FAA activities that may lead to rulemaking in Fiscal Year 2015
include continuing to:
 Promote and expand safety information-sharing efforts,
such as FAA-industry partnerships and data-driven safety programs that
prioritize and address risks before they lead to accidents.
Specifically, FAA will continue implementing Commercial

[[Page 76585]]

Aviation Safety Team projects related to controlled flight into
terrain, loss of control of an aircraft, uncontained engine failures,
runway incursions, weather, pilot decision making, and cabin safety.
Some of these projects may result in rulemaking and guidance materials.
 Respond to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the Act) which directed the FAA to initiate a rulemaking proceeding to
issue guidelines and regulations relating to ADS-B In technology and
recommendations from an Aviation Rulemaking Committee on ADS-B-In
capabilities in consideration of the FAA's evolving thinking on how to
provide an integrated suite of communication, navigation, and
surveillance (CNS) capabilities to achieve full NextGen performance.
 Respond to the Act which also recommended we complete the
rulemaking for small Unmanned Aircraft Systems, and consider how to
fully integrate UAS operations in the NAS, which will require future
rulemaking.
 Respond to the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation
Administration Extension Act of 2010 (H.R. 5900) which requires the FAA
to develop and implement Safety Management Systems (SMS) where these
systems will improve safety of aviation and aviation-related
activities. An SMS proactively identifies potential hazards in the
operating environment, analyzes the risks of those hazards, and
encourages mitigation prior to an accident or incident. In its most
general form, an SMS is a set of decision-making tools that can be used
to plan, organize, direct, and control activities in a manner that
enhances safety.
 Respond to the Small Airplane Revitalization Act of 2013
(H.R. 1848) which requires the FAA adopt the recommendations from Part
23 Reorganization Aviation Rulemaking Aviation Rulemaking Committee
(ARC) for improving safety and reducing certification costs for general
aviation. The ARC recommendations include a broad range of policy and
regulatory changes that it believes could significantly improve the
safety of general aviation aircraft while simultaneously reducing
certification and modification costs for these aircraft. Among the
ARC's recommendations is a suggestion that compliance with part 23
requirements be performance-based, focusing on the complexity and
performance of an aircraft instead of the current regulations based on
weight and type of propulsion. In announcing the ARC's recommendations,
the Transportation Secretary said ``Streamlining the design and
certification process could provide a cost-efficient way to build
simple airplanes that still incorporate the latest in safety
initiatives. These changes have the potential to save money and
maintain our safety standing--a win-win situation for manufacturers,
pilots and the general aviation community as a whole.''
 Work cooperatively to harmonize the U.S. aviation
regulations with those of other countries, without compromising
rigorous safety standards, or our requirements to develop cost benefit
analysis. The differences worldwide in certification standards,
practice and procedures, and operating rules must be identified and
minimized to reduce the regulatory burden on the international aviation
system. The differences between the FAA regulations and the
requirements of other nations impose a heavy burden on U.S. aircraft
manufacturers and operators, some of which are small businesses.
Standardization should help the U.S. aerospace industry remain
internationally competitive. The FAA continues to publish regulations
based on internal analysis, public comment, and recommendations of
Aviation Rulemaking Committees that are the result of cooperative
rulemaking between the U.S. and other countries.
 In response to Executive Order 13610 ``Identifying and
Reducing Regulatory Burdens,'' we continue to find ways to make our
regulatory program more effective or less burdensome; provide
quantifiable monetary savings or quantifiable reductions in paperwork
burdens, and modify and streamline regulations in light of changed
circumstances. One example is our response to a petition for exemption
from the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association and Experimental
Aircraft Association (AOPA-EAA) in which we will address through
rulemaking to consider medical self-certification for certain
noncommercial operations in lieu of airman medical certification.
 FAA top regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015 include:
 Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems (2120-AJ60) (Pub. L. 112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012))
 Pilot Records Database (2120-AK31) (Pub. L. 111-216 (Aug.
1, 2010))
 Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States (2120-AK09) (Pub. L.
112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012))
 Congestion Management for LaGuardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport
(2120-AJ89)
 Safety Management System for Certificate Holders Operating
Under 14 CFR part 121 (2120-AJ86) (Pub. L. 111-216, sec 215 (Aug. 1,
2010))
 The Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
rulemaking would:
 Adopt specific rules for the operation of small unmanned
aircraft systems in the national airspace system; and
 Address the classification of small unmanned aircraft,
certification of their pilots and visual observers, registration,
approval of operations, and operational limits.
 The Pilot Records Database rulemaking would:
 Implement a pilot records database into which the FAA, air
carriers, and other persons that employ pilots would enter records; and
 Require air carriers operating under 14 CFR parts 121 and
135 access the pilot records database electronically and evaluate the
available data for each individual pilot candidate before allowing that
individual to serve as a required pilot flightcrew member.
 The Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States rulemaking would:
 Require certain air carriers to ensure that all employees
of certificated repair stations, and certain other maintenance
organizations that are located outside the United States, who perform
safety-sensitive maintenance functions on aircraft operated by those
air carriers, are subject to a drug and alcohol testing program; and
 Require the drug and alcohol testing program be determined
acceptable by the FAA Administrator, and be consistent with the
applicable laws of the country in which the repair station is located.
 The Congestion Management rulemaking for LaGuardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport
would:
 Replace the orders limiting scheduled operations at John
F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), limiting scheduled operations
at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), and limiting scheduled
and unscheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport (LGA); and
 Provide a longer-term and comprehensive approach to slot
management at JFK, EWR, and LGA.

[[Page 76586]]

The Safety Management System for Certificate Holders Operating
under 14 CFR part 121 rulemaking would:
 Require certain certificate holders to develop and
implement an SMS;
 Establish a general framework from which a certificate
holder can build its SMS; and Conform to International Civil Aviation
Organization Annexes and adopt several National Transportation Safety
Board recommendations.

Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)

The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) carries out the Federal
highway program in partnership with State and local agencies to meet
the Nation's transportation needs. The FHWA's mission is to improve
continually the quality and performance of our Nation's highway system
and its intermodal connectors.
 Consistent with this mission, the FHWA will continue:
 With ongoing regulatory initiatives in support of its
surface transportation programs;
 To implement legislation in the most cost-effective way
possible; and
 To pursue regulatory reform in areas where project
development can be streamlined or accelerated, duplicative requirements
can be consolidated, recordkeeping requirements can be reduced or
simplified, and the decisionmaking authority of our State and local
partners can be increased.
 MAP-21 authorizes the Federal surface transportation
programs for highways, highway safety, and transit for the two-year
period from 2012-2014. The FHWA has analyzed MAP-21 to identify
congressionally directed rulemakings. These rulemakings will be the
FHWA's top regulatory priorities for the coming year. Additionally, the
FHWA is in the process of reviewing all FHWA regulations to ensure that
they are consistent with MAP-21 and will update those regulations that
are not consistent with the recently enacted legislation.
 During Fiscal Year 2015, FHWA will continue its focus on
improving the quality and performance of our Nation's highway systems
by creating national performance management measures and standards to
be used by the States to meet the national transportation goals
identified in section 1203 of MAP-21 under the following rulemaking
initiatives:
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Safety) (RIN: 2125-AF49)
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Bridges and Pavement) (RIN: 2125-AF53)
 National Goals and Performance Management Measures
(Congestion Reduction, CMAQ, Freight, and Performance of Interstate/
Non-Interstate NHS) (RIN: 2125-AF54).

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA)

The mission of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration
(FMCSA) is to reduce crashes, injuries, and fatalities involving
commercial trucks and buses. A strong regulatory program is a
cornerstone of FMCSA's compliance and enforcement efforts to advance
this safety mission. FMCSA develops new and more effective safety
regulations based on three core priorities: Raising the safety bar for
entry, maintaining high standards, and removing high-risk behavior. In
addition to Agency-directed regulations, FMCSA develops regulations
mandated by Congress, through legislation such as MAP-21 and the Safe,
Accountable, Flexible, and Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A
Legacy for Users (SAFETEA-LU). FMCSA regulations establish standards
for motor carriers, commercial drivers, commercial motor vehicles, and
State agencies receiving certain motor carrier safety grants and
issuing commercial drivers' licenses.
 FMCSA's regulatory plan for FY 2015 includes completion of a number
of rulemakings that are high priorities for the Agency because they
would have a positive impact on safety. Among the rulemakings included
in the plan are: (1) Electronic Logging Devices (RIN 2126-AB20), (2)
Carrier Safety Fitness Determination (RIN 2126-AB11), and (3)
Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (RIN 2126-
AB18).
 Together, these priority rules could help to substantially improve
commercial motor vehicle (CMV) safety on our Nation's highways by
improving FMCSA's ability to provide safety oversight of motor carriers
and commercial drivers.
 In FY 2015, FMCSA plans to issue a final rule on Electronic Logging
Devices (RIN 2126-AB20) to establish: (1) Minimum performance and
design standards for hours-of-service (HOS) electronic logging devices
(ELDs); (2) requirements for the mandatory use of these devices by
drivers currently required to prepare HOS records of duty status
(RODS); (3) requirements concerning HOS supporting documents; and (4)
measures to address concerns about harassment resulting from the
mandatory use of ELDs.
 In FY 2015, FMCSA will continue its work on the Compliance, Safety,
Accountability (CSA) program. The CSA program improves the way FMCSA
identifies and conducts carrier compliance and enforcement operations.
CSA's goal is to improve large truck and bus safety by assessing a
wider range of safety performance data from a larger segment of the
motor carrier industry through an array of progressive compliance
interventions. FMCSA anticipates that the impacts of CSA interventions
and an associated rulemaking to put into place a new safety fitness
determination standard will enable the Agency to prohibit ``unfit''
carriers from operating on the Nation's highways (the Carrier Safety
Fitness Determination(RIN 2126-AB11)) and will contribute further to
the Agency's overall goal of decreasing CMV-related fatalities and
injuries.
 Also in FY 2015, FMCSA plans to issue a final rule on the
Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (RIN 2126-
AB18). The rule would establish a clearinghouse requiring employers and
service agents to report information about current and prospective
employees' drug and alcohol test results. It would also require
employers and certain service agents to search the Clearinghouse for
current and prospective employees' positive drug and alcohol test
results as a condition of permitting those employees to perform safety-
sensitive functions. This would provide FMCSA and employers the
necessary tools to identify drivers who are prohibited from operating a
CMV based on DOT drug and alcohol program violations and ensure that
such drivers receive the required evaluation and treatment before
resuming safety-sensitive functions.

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration

The statutory responsibilities of the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) relating to motor vehicles include
reducing the number of, and mitigating the effects of, motor vehicle
crashes and related fatalities and injuries; providing safety
performance information to aid prospective purchasers of vehicles,
child restraints, and tires; and improving automotive fuel efficiency.
NHTSA pursues policies that encourage the development of nonregulatory
approaches when feasible in meeting its statutory mandates. It issues
new standards and regulations or amendments to existing standards and
regulations when appropriate. It ensures that regulatory alternatives
reflect a careful assessment of the problem and a comprehensive
analysis of the benefits, costs, and other impacts associated with

[[Page 76587]]

the proposed regulatory action. Finally, it considers alternatives
consistent with the Administration's regulatory principles.
 NHTSA continues to focus on the high-priority safety issue of heavy
vehicles and their occupants in Fiscal Year 2015, including combination
truck tractors, large buses, and motorcoaches. The agency will continue
work towards considering promulgation of a new Federal motor vehicle
safety standard (FMVSS) for rollover structural integrity requirements
for newly manufactured motorcoaches in accordance with NHTSA's 2007
Motorcoach Safety Plan, DOT's 2009 departmental Motorcoach Safety
Action Plan as revised in 2012, and requirements of MAP-21. NHTSA will
also issue a final rule to promulgate a new FMVSS for electronic
stability control systems for motor coaches and truck tractors. This
final rule is mandated by the MAP-21 Act. Together, these rulemaking
actions will address multiple open recommendations issued by the
National Transportation Safety Board related to motorcoach safety.
NHTSA, in conjunction with the Environmental Protection Agency, will
publish a notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) in Fiscal Year 2015 to
address phase two of fuel efficiency standards for medium- and heavy-
duty on-highway vehicles and work trucks for model years beyond 2018.
This NPRM will be responsive to requirements of the Energy Independence
and Security Act of 2007 as well as the President's Climate Action
Plan.
 In Fiscal Year 2015, NHTSA plans to issue a final rule that would
establish a new FMVSS to provide a means of alerting blind and other
pedestrians of motor vehicle operation. This rulemaking is mandated by
the Pedestrian Safety Enhancement Act of 2010 to further enhance the
safety of passenger vehicles and pedestrians. NHTSA will also continue
work toward a NPRM on vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communications. V2V
communications is currently perceived to become a foundational aspect
of vehicle automation.
 In addition to numerous programs that focus on the safe performance
of motor vehicles, the Agency is engaged in a variety of programs to
improve driver and occupant behavior. These programs emphasize the
human aspects of motor vehicle safety and recognize the important role
of the States in this common pursuit. NHTSA has identified two high-
priority areas: Safety belt use and impaired driving. To address these
issue areas, the Agency is focusing especially on three strategies--
conducting highly visible, well-publicized enforcement; supporting
prosecutors who handle impaired driving cases and expanding the use of
DWI/Drug Courts, which hold offenders accountable for receiving and
completing treatment for alcohol abuse and dependency; and adopting
alcohol screening and brief intervention by medical and health care
professionals. Other behavioral efforts encourage child safety-seat
use; combat excessive speed and aggressive driving; improve motorcycle,
bicycle, and pedestrian safety; and provide consumer information to the
public.

Federal Railroad Administration (FRA)

FRA's current regulatory program reflects a number of pending
proceedings to satisfy mandates resulting from the Rail Safety
Improvement Act of 2008 (RSIA08), and the Passenger Rail Investment and
Improvement Act of 2008 (PRIIA), as well as actions under its general
safety rulemaking authority and actions supporting a high-performing
passenger rail network. RSIA08 alone has required 21 rulemaking
actions, 16 of which have been completed. FRA continues to prioritize
its rulemakings according to the greatest effect on safety while
promoting economic growth, innovation, competitiveness, and job
creation, as well as expressed congressional interest, while working to
complete as many mandated rulemakings as quickly as possible.
 Through the Railroad Safety Advisory Committee (RSAC), FRA is
working to complete RSIA08 actions, including developing requirements
related to the creation and implementation of railroad risk reduction
and system safety programs, and an RSAC working group has developed
recommendations for the fatigue management provisions related to both
proceedings. FRA is also in the process of producing two regulatory
actions related to the transportation of crude oil and ethanol by rail,
focusing on the securement of equipment and appropriate crew size
requirements when transporting such commodities. FRA's crew size
activity will also address other freight and passenger operations to
ensure FRA will have appropriate oversight if a railroad chooses to
alter its standard method of operation. In addition, FRA continues to
prepare a final rule amending its regulations related to roadway
workers and is developing other RSAC-supported actions that advance
high-performing passenger rail such as proposed rules on standards for
alternative compliance with FRA's Passenger Equipment Safety Standards.

Federal Transit Administration (FTA)

FTA helps communities support public transportation by making
grants of Federal funding for transit vehicles, construction of transit
facilities, and planning and operation of transit and other transit-
related purposes. FTA regulatory activity implements the laws that
apply to recipients' uses of Federal funding and the terms and
conditions of FTA grant awards. FTA policy regarding regulations is to:
 Ensure the safety of public transportation systems.
 Provide maximum benefit to the mobility of the Nation's
citizens and the connectivity of transportation infrastructure;
 Provide maximum local discretion;
 Ensure the most productive use of limited Federal
resources;
 Protect taxpayer investments in public transportation;
 Incorporate principles of sound management into the grant
management process.
 As the needs for public transportation have changed over the years,
the Federal transit programs have grown in number and complexity often
requiring implementation through the rulemaking process. In fact, FTA
is currently implementing many of its public transportation programs
authorized under MAP-21 through the regulatory process. To that end,
FTA's regulatory priorities include implementing certain requirements
of the newly authorized Public Transportation Safety Program (49 U.S.C.
5329), such as the National Public Transportation Safety Plan,
implementing requirements for Transit Asset Management Systems (49
U.S.C. 5326), amending the State Safety Oversight rule (49 CFR part
659). In addition FTA is finalizing its Emergency Relief rule, which
implements FTA's new authority to assist transit agencies responding to
major disasters.

Maritime Administration (MARAD)

The Maritime Administration (MARAD) administers Federal laws and
programs to improve and strengthen the maritime transportation system
to meet the economic, environmental, and security needs of the Nation.
To that end, MARAD's efforts are focused upon ensuring a strong
American presence in the domestic and international trades and to
expanding maritime opportunities for American businesses and workers.
 MARAD's regulatory objectives and priorities reflect the agency's
responsibility for ensuring the availability of water transportation
services for American shippers and

[[Page 76588]]

consumers and, in times of war or national emergency, for the U.S.
armed forces. Major program areas include the following: Maritime
Security, Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement, National Defense
Reserve Fleet and the Ready Reserve Force, Cargo Preference, Maritime
Guaranteed Loan Financing, United States Merchant Marine Academy,
Mariner Education and Training Support, Deepwater Port Licensing, and
Port and Intermodal Development. Additionally, MARAD administers the
Small Shipyard Grants Program through which equipment and technical
skills training are provided to America's maritime workforce, with the
aim of helping businesses to compete in the global marketplace while
creating well-paying jobs at home.
 MARAD's primary regulatory activities in Fiscal Year 2015 will be
to continue the update of existing regulations as part of the
Department's Retrospective Regulatory Review effort, and to propose new
regulations where appropriate.

Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA)

The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA)
has responsibility for rulemaking under two programs. Through the
Associate Administrator for Hazardous Materials Safety, PHMSA
administers regulatory programs under Federal hazardous materials
transportation law and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as
amended by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Through the Associate
Administrator for Pipeline Safety, PHMSA administers regulatory
programs under the Federal pipeline safety laws and the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990.
 The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of
2011 included a number of rulemaking studies and mandates and
additional enforcement authorities that continue to impact PHMSA's
regulatory activities in Fiscal Year 2015.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\
http://www.phmsa.dot.gov/pv_obj_cache/pv_obj_id_7FD46010F0497123865B976479CFF395
2E990200/filename/Pipeline%20Reauthorization%20Bill%202011.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MAP-21 reauthorized the hazardous materials safety program and
required several regulatory actions by PHMSA. MAP-21 placed a great
deal of emphasis on the procedures for issuing special permits and the
incorporation of special permits into regulations. Persons who offer
for transportation or transport hazardous materials in commerce must
follow the hazardous materials regulations. A special permit sets forth
alternative requirements, or variances, to the requirements in the HMR.
Federal hazardous materials transportation law authorizes PHMSA to
issue such variances in a way that achieves a safety level that is at
least equal to the safety level required under Federal hazmat law or is
consistent with the public interest if a required safety level does not
exist. A rulemaking was required within two years by MAP-21 to set out
procedures and criteria for evaluating applications for special permits
and approvals. In addition, MAP-21 required PHMSA to conduct a review
of nearly 1,200 existing special permits and issue another rulemaking
within three years to incorporate special permits that have been in
continuous effect for a ten-year period into the HMR.
 PHMSA will continue to work toward improving safety related to
transportation of hazardous materials by all transportation modes,
including pipeline, while promoting economic growth, innovation,
competitiveness, and job creation. We will concentrate on the
prevention of high-risk incidents identified through the findings of
the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and PHMSA's evaluation
of transportation incident data. PHMSA will use all available Agency
tools to assess data; evaluate alternative safety strategies, including
regulatory strategies as necessary and appropriate; target enforcement
efforts; and enhance outreach, public education, and training to
promote safety outcomes.
 PHMSA will continue to focus on the streamlining of its regulatory
system and reducing regulatory burdens. PHMSA will evaluate existing
rules to examine whether they remain justified; should be modified to
account for changing circumstances and technologies; or should be
streamlined or even repealed. PHMSA will continue to evaluate, analyze,
and be responsive to petitions for rulemaking. PHMSA will review
regulations, letters of interpretation, petitions for rulemaking,
special permits, enforcement actions, approvals, and international
standards to identify inconsistencies, outdated provisions, and
barriers to regulatory compliance.
 PHMSA aims to reduce the risks related to the transportation of
hazardous materials by rail. Preventing tank car incidents and
minimizing the consequences when an incident does occur are not only
DOT priorities, but are also shared by the National Transportation
Safety Board (NTSB), industry, and the general public. Expansion in
United States energy production has led to significant challenges in
the transportation system. Expansion in oil production has led to
increasing volumes of product transported to refineries. With a growing
domestic supply, rail transportation, in particular, has emerged as an
alternative to transportation by pipeline or vessel. The growing
reliance on trains to transport large volumes of flammable liquids
raises risks that have been highlighted by the recent instances of
trains carrying crude oil that have derailed. PHMSA and FRA issued a
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 45016) designed to lessen the
frequency and consequences of train accidents/incidents (train
accidents) involving certain trains transporting a large volume of
flammable liquids. In addition, PHMSA and FRA issued an Advanced Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 45079) seeking comment on potential
revisions to its regulations that would expand the applicability of
comprehensive oil spill response plans (OSRPs) for crude oil trains.
PHMSA will continue to usher these rules to completion and PHMSA may
consider further regulatory changes to enhance rail safety through
enhanced operational requirements; improvements in tank car standards;
and revisions of the general requirements for rail transport.
 PHMSA will be considering whether changes are needed to the
regulations covering hazardous liquid onshore pipelines. In particular,
PHMSA will be considering if other areas should be included as High
Consequence Areas (HCAs) for integrity management (IM) protections,
what the repair timeframes should be for areas outside the HCAs that
are assessed as part of the IM program, whether leak detection
standards are necessary, valve spacing requirements are needed on new
construction or existing pipelines, and if PHMSA should extend
regulation to certain pipelines currently exempt from regulation. The
agency would also address the public safety and environmental aspects
any new requirements, as well as the cost implications and regulatory
burden.

[[Page 76589]]

Quantifiable Costs and Benefits of Rulemakings on the 2014 to 2015 DOT
Regulatory Plan
 [This chart does not account for non-quantifiable benefits, which are often
substantial]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Quantifiable costs discounted Quantifiable benefits
 Agency/RIN Number Title Stage 2013 $ (millions) discounted 2013 $ (millions)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAA
 2120-AJ60....................... Small Unmanned Aircraft NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 Systems.
 2120-AJ86....................... SMS for part 121.......... FR
11/14.............. $135.1........................ $142.8
 2120-AJ89....................... NY Congestion Management.. NPRM
11/14............ 48.2.......................... 67.8
 2120-AK09....................... Drug and Alcohol Testing.. ANPRM: Analyzing
TBD........................... TBD
  Comments 02/15.
 2120-AK31....................... Pilot Records Database.... NPRM
10/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 Total for FAA............... .......................... ......................
183.3......................... 210.6
FHWA
 2125-AF53....................... Performance Management 2.. NPRM
11/14............ TBD........................... TBD
 2125-AF54....................... Performance Management 3.. NPRM
03/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 Total for FHWA.............. .......................... ......................
TBD........................... TBD
FMCSA
 2126-AB11....................... Carrier Safety Fitness NPRM 04/15............
15............................ 249
 Determination.
 2126-AB18....................... Commercial Driver's FR 10/15..............
186........................... 187
 License Drug and Alcohol
 Clearinghouse.
 2126-AB20....................... Electronic On-Board FR 09/15..............
1,578......................... 2,033
 Recorders and Hours of
 Service Supporting
 Documents.
 Total for FMCSA............. .......................... ......................
1,745......................... 2,361
NHTSA
 2127-AK93....................... Quieter Vehicles Sound FR 11/15..............
24.1.......................... 154.3
 Alert.
 2127-AK97....................... Electronic Stability FR 01/15..............
119.6......................... 282.6-445.6
 Control Systems for Heavy
 Vehicles.
 2127-AL52....................... Fuel Efficiency Standards NPRM
03/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 for Medium- and Heavy-
 Duty Vehicles and Work
 Trucks: Phase 2.
 Total for NHTSA............. .......................... ......................
143.7......................... 436.9-599.9
FTA
 2132-AB19....................... State Safety Oversight NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 (MAP-21).
 Total for FTA............... .......................... ......................
TBD........................... TBD
PHMSA
 2137-AE66....................... Pipeline Safety: Safety of NPRM
01/15............ TBD........................... TBD
 On-Shore Liquid Hazardous
 Pipelines.
 2137-AE72....................... Pipeline Safety: Gas NPRM 01/15............
TBD........................... TBD
 Transmission (RRR).
 2137-AE91....................... Hazardous Materials: Final Rule 03/15......
2,083 to 5,820................ 400 to 4,386
 Enhanced Tank Car
 Standards and Operational
 Controls for High-Hazard
 Flammable Trains.
 Total for PHMSA............. .......................... ......................
2,083 to 5,820................ 400 to 4,386
 TOTAL FOR DOT............... .......................... ......................
4,155-7,892................... 3,408.5-7,394.5

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes: Costs and benefits of rulemakings may be forecast over varying periods.
Although the forecast periods will be the same for any given rulemaking,
 comparisons between proceedings should be made cautiously.
Costs and benefits are generally discounted at a 7 percent discount rate over
the period analyzed.

The Department of Transportation generally assumes that there are
economic benefits to avoiding a fatality of $9.2 million. That economic
value is included as part of the benefits estimates shown in the chart.
As noted above, we have not included the non-quantifiable benefits.

DOT--FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA)

Proposed Rule Stage

104. + Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
(SUAS)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 44701; Pub. L. 112-95
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 91.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, August 14, 2014, Public Law 112-
95, section 332(b) requires issuance of final rule 18 months after
integration plan is submitted to Congress. Integration plan due Feb.
14, 2013.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would adopt specific rules for the
operation of small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) in the National
Airspace System. These changes would address the classification of
small unmanned aircraft, certification of their pilots and visual
observers, registration, approval of operations, and operational limits
in order to increase the safety and efficiency of the national airspace
system.
 Statement of Need: The FAA is proposing to amend its regulations to

[[Page 76590]]

adopt specific rules for the operation of small unmanned aircraft
systems (sUAS) in the National Airspace System (NAS). These changes
would address the classification of sUAS, certification of sUAS pilots
and visual observers, registration of sUAS, approval of sUAS
operations, and sUAS operational limits. The NPRM also proposes
regulations for all sUAS, including operating standards for model
aircraft and low performance (e.g., toy) operations, to increase the
safety and efficiency of the NAS. The FAA and sUAS community lack
sufficient formal safety data regarding unmanned operations to support
granting traditional, routine access to the NAS. This proposed rule
would result in the regular collection of safety data from the user
community and help the FAA develop new regulations and expand sUAS
access to the NAS.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is required by the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, sec. 332(b).
The FAA's authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in Title
49 of the U.S. Code. Subtitle I, Section 106 describes the authority of
the FAA Administrator, including the authority to issue, rescind, and
revise regulations. Subtitle VII, Aviation Programs, describes in more
detail the scope of the agency's authority. This rulemaking is
promulgated under the authority described in Title 49 U.S. Code
Transportation. Pursuant to Subtitle I, Chapter 1, Sections
106(f)(2)(iii) and (3)(A), the Administrator is authorized to
promulgate regulations, rules, orders, circulars, bulletins, and other
publications of the Administrator, and to issue, rescind and revise
such regulations as are necessary to carry out those functions.
Subtitle VII, Part A, Subpart III, Chapter 447 Safety Regulation.
Pursuant to section 44701 (a)(5), the FAA is charged with promoting
safe flight of civil aircraft by, among other things, prescribing
regulations the FAA finds necessary for safety in air commerce and
national security.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking is required by the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95, sec. 332(b). The FAA's
authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in Title 49 of the
U.S. Code. Subtitle I, Section 106 describes the authority of the FAA
Administrator, including the authority to issue, rescind, and revise
regulations. Subtitle VII, Aviation Programs, describes in more detail
the scope of the agency's authority. This rulemaking is promulgated
under the authority described in Title 49 U.S. Code Transportation.
Pursuant to Subtitle I, Chapter 1, Sections 106(f)(2)(iii) and (3)(A),
the Administrator is authorized to promulgate regulations, rules,
orders, circulars, bulletins, and other publications of the
Administrator, and to issue, rescind and revise such regulations as are
necessary to carry out those functions. Subtitle VII, Part A, Subpart
III, Chapter 447 Safety Regulation. Pursuant to section 44701 (a)(5),
the FAA is charged with promoting safe flight of civil aircraft by,
among other things, prescribing regulations the FAA finds necessary for
safety in air commerce and national security.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Costs and benefits for this
rulemaking are to be determined.
 Risks: Commercial operations currently have no legal means to
conduct operations. Due to the time and cost of traditional processes
and without new regulations, commercial operations will not be able to
operate until the necessary standards are developed by the UAS
community.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Lance Nuckolls, Certification and General Aviation
Operations, Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation
Administration, 800 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20591, Phone:
202-267-8212, Email: lance.nuckolls@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AJ60

DOT--FAA

105. + Slot Management and Transparency for Laguardia Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International Airport

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 40101, 40103, and 40105; 49 U.S.C.
41712; 15 U.S.C. 21
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 93.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would replace the current temporary
orders limiting scheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport (LGA), John
F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), and Newark Liberty
International Airport (EWR) with a more permanent rule to address the
issues of congestion and delay at the New York area[acute]s three major
commercial airports, while also promoting fair access and competition.
The rulemaking would help ensure that congestion and delays are managed
by limiting scheduled and unscheduled operations. The rulemaking would
also establish a secondary market for U.S. and foreign air carriers to
buy, sell, trade, and lease slots amongst each other at each of the
three airports. This would allow carriers serving or seeking to serve
the New York area airports to exchange slots as their business models
and strategic goals require.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would replace the current
temporary orders limiting scheduled operations at LaGuardia Airport,
John F. Kennedy International Airport, and Newark Liberty International
Airport with a more permanent rule to address the issues of congestion
and delay at the New York area's three major commercial airports, while
also promoting fair access and competition. The rulemaking would help
ensure that congestion and delays are managed by limiting scheduled and
unscheduled operations. The rulemaking would also establish a secondary
market for U.S. and foreign air carriers to buy, sell, trade, and lease
slots amongst each other at each of the three airports. This would
allow carriers serving or seeking to serve the New York area airports
to exchange slots as their business models and strategic goals require.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is promulgated under the
authority described in subtitle VII, part A, subpart I, sections 40101,
40103, 40105, and 41712. The Secretary of Transportation (Secretary) is
the head of the DOT and has broad oversight of significant FAA
decisions. See 49 U.S.C. 102 and 106. In addition, under 49 U.S.C.
41712, the Secretary has the authority to investigate and prohibit
unfair and deceptive practices, and unfair methods of competition in
air transportation, or the sale of air transportation. The FAA has
broad authority under 49 U.S.C. 40103 to regulate the use of the
navigable airspace of the United States. This section authorizes the
FAA to develop plans and policy for the use of navigable airspace, and
to assign the use the FAA deems necessary for safe and efficient
utilization. It further directs the FAA to prescribe air traffic rules
and regulations governing the efficient utilization of

[[Page 76591]]

navigable airspace. Not only is the FAA required to ensure the
efficient use of navigable airspace, but it must do so in a manner that
does not effectively shut out potential operators at the airport, and
in a manner that acknowledges competitive market forces. These
authorities empower the DOT to ensure the efficient utilization of
airspace by limiting the number of scheduled and unscheduled aircraft
operations at JFK, EWR, and LGA, while balancing between promoting
competition and recognizing historical investments in the airport, and
the need to provide continuity. They also authorize the DOT to
investigate the transfer of slots and to limit or prohibit
anticompetitive transfers.
 Alternatives: The FAA considered two alternatives. The first
alternative was to simply extend the existing orders. This alternative
was rejected because the FAA wanted to increase competition by making
slots available to more operators. The FAA believes these operators are
likely to be small entities. The second alternative was to remove the
existing orders. This alternative results in unacceptable delay costs
from the increase in operations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The FAA estimates the quantitative
costs to be $48.2 million and the quantitative benefits are estimated
at $67.8 million, with the benefits exceeding the costs. This is a
preliminary estimate that is subject to change based on further review
and analysis.
 Risks: There are no risks for this rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: This rulemaking is associated with an RRR
action.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Molly W Smith, Federal Aviation Administration,
Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, 800
Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20591, Phone: 202-267-3344 Email:
molly.w.smith@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AJ89

DOT--FAA

106. + Drug and Alcohol Testing of Certain Maintenance Provider
Employees Located Outside of the United States

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 14 CFR; 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 40113; 49
U.S.C. 44701; 49 U.S.C. 44702; 49 U.S.C. 44707; 49 U.S.C. 44709; 49
U.S.C. 44717
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 145.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, February 14, 2013, NPRM.
 Abstract: This rulemaking is required by the FAA Modernization and
Reauthorization Act of 2012. It would require controlled substance
testing of some employees working in repair stations located outside
the United States. The intended effect is to increase participation by
companies outside of the United States in testing of employees who
perform safety critical functions and testing standards similar to
those used in the repair stations located in the United States. This
action is necessary to increase the level of safety of the flying
public.
 Statement of Need: As a project identified under congressional
mandate, the intended effect of this rulemaking would be to promote
drug and alcohol testing standardization within the global aviation
community in an effort to reach an increased level of safety for the
flying public around the world.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 provides the legal basis for this rulemaking. In February 2012 the
U.S. Congress passed the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
Section 308(d)(2) of the Act requires that the FAA promulgate a
proposed rule that requires all part 145 repair station employees
responsible for safety-sensitive maintenance functions on part 121
commercial air carriers aircraft to be subject to an alcohol and
controlled substances testing program determined acceptable by the
Administrator and consistent with the applicable laws of the country in
which the repair station is located.
 Alternatives: Our alternatives would be to work with other aviation
leaders (e.g. International Civil Aviation Organization--ICAO) and
develop a collective initiative to foster a drug and alcohol-free
worldwide environment. The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
does articulate the idea that the Secretaries of State and
Transportation work with ICAO and establish international standards to
test for drug and alcohol use of employees performing safety-sensitive
maintenance functions on commercial air carrier aircraft.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Our alternatives would be to work
with other aviation leaders (e.g. International Civil Aviation
Organization--ICAO) and develop a collective initiative to foster a
drug and alcohol-free worldwide environment. The FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, does articulate the idea that the Secretaries of
State and Transportation work with ICAO and establish international
standards to test for drug and alcohol use of employees performing
safety-sensitive maintenance functions on commercial air carrier
aircraft.
 Risks: International implications are the risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/17/14 79 FR 14621
Comment Period Extended............. 05/01/14 79 FR 24631
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/16/14
Comment Period End.................. 07/17/14
Analyzing Comments.................. 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Vicky Dunne, Department of Transportation, Federal
Aviation Administration, 800 Independence Ave, SW, Washington, DC
20591, Phone: 202 267-8522, Email: vicky.dunne@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AK09

DOT--FAA

107. + Pilot Records Database (HR 5900)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 1155; 49 U.S.C. 40103;
49 U.S.C. 40113; 49 U.S.C. 40119; 49 U.S.C. 40120; 49 U.S.C. 41706; 49
U.S.C. 44101; 49 U.S.C. 44111; 49 U.S.C. 44701 to 44705; 49 U.S.C.
44709 to 44713; 49 U.S.C. 44715 to 44717; 49 U.S.C. 44722;

[[Page 76592]]

49 U.S.C. 45101 to 45105; 49 U.S.C. 46105; 49 U.S.C. 46306; 49 U.S.C.
46315; 49 U.S.C. 46316; 49 U.S.C. 46504; 49 U.S.C. 46507; 49 U.S.C.
47122; 49 U.S.C. 47508; 49 U.S.C. 47528 to 47531
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 118; 14 CFR 121; 14 CFR 125; 14 CFR 135; 14
CFR 91.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would implement a Pilot Records Database
as required by Public Law 111-216 (Aug. 1, 2010). Section 203 amends
the Pilot Records Improvement Act (PRIA) by requiring the FAA to create
a pilot records database that contains various types of pilot records.
These records would be provided by the FAA, air carriers, and other
persons who employ pilots. The FAA must maintain these records until it
receives notice that a pilot is deceased. Air carriers would use this
database to perform a record check on a pilot prior to making a hiring
decision.
 Statement of Need: This rule implements a Pilot Records Database as
required by Public Law 111-216. Section 203 of Public Law 111-216
amends the Pilot Records Improvement Act (PRIA) by requiring the FAA to
create a pilot records database that contains various types of pilot
records. These records would be provided by the FAA, air carriers, and
other persons who employ pilots. The FAA must maintain these records
until it receives notice that a pilot is deceased. Air carriers would
use this database to perform a record check on a pilot prior to making
a hiring decision.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for this rule is section
203 of the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation Administration Extension
Act of 2010, Public Law 111-216, 124 Statute 2348 (2010).
 Alternatives: The ARC proposed a phased implementation as an
alternative to PRDs statutory requirement to enter all historical
records dating from August 1, 2005. Instead, within 60 days after the
PRD launch date, air carriers and other persons would provide only the
names, certificate numbers, and dates of birth of employees dating from
the PRD launch date back to August 1, 2005. This information would be
used to identify a pilot applicant's previous employer(s). The hiring
air carrier would then make a paper PRIA request to those previous
employers to obtain any records from before the launch date of PRD.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Rulemaking Team believes that
three methods of data entry would allow larger air carriers to take
advantage of technology, thereby reducing costs, while allowing smaller
air carriers the flexibility to enter data manually without the need
for an information technology department and sophisticated computer
knowledge.
 Risks: Any risk mitigation technique used to counter this
additional security threat would significantly add to the time and cost
required for the FAA to properly manage the air carrier user accounts
and likely delay air carrier access to the PRD data. Several options
were explored that would simultaneously provide appropriate security
controls to protect unauthorized access to sensitive data while not
impeding the air carriers from ready access to the PRD data.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Costs and benefits are not yet determined.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Bryan Brown, Department of Transportation, Federal
Aviation Administration, 6424 S Denning Ave., Oklahoma City, OK 73169,
Phone: 405 954-4513, Email: bryan.w.brown@faa.gov
 RIN: 2120-AK31

DOT--FAA

Final Rule Stage

108. + Safety Management Systems for Certificate Holders

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 106(g); 49 U.S.C. 40113; 49 U.S.C.
40119; 49 U.S.C. 41706; 49 U.S.C. 44101; 49 U.S.C. 44701; 49 U.S.C.
44702; 49 U.S.C. 44705; 49 U.S.C. 44709 to 44711; 49 U.S.C. 44713; 49
U.S.C. 44716; 49 U.S.C. 44717; 49 U.S.C. 44722; 49 U.S.C. 46105; Pub.
L. 111-216, sec 215
 CFR Citation: 14 CFR 121; 14 CFR 5.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, July 30, 2012, Final Rule. NPRM,
Statutory, October 29, 2010, NPRM. Congress passed Public Law 111-216
that instructs FAA to conduct a rulemaking to require all part 121 air
carriers to implement a Safety Management System (SMS). This Act
further states that the FAA shall consider at a minimum each of the
following as part of the SMS rulemaking: (1) an Aviation Safety Action
Program (ASAP); (2) a Flight Operations Quality Assurance Program
(FOQA); (3) a Line Operations Safety Audit (LOSA); and (4) an Advance
Qualifications Program.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would require each certificate holder
operating under 14 CFR part 121 to develop and implement a safety
management system (SMS) to improve the safety of its aviation related
activities. A safety management system is a comprehensive, process-
oriented approach to managing safety throughout an organization. An SMS
includes an organization-wide safety policy; formal methods for
identifying hazards, controlling, and continually assessing risk and
safety performance; and promotion of a safety culture. SMS stresses not
only compliance with technical standards but increased emphasis on the
overall safety performance of the organization. This rulemaking is
required under Public Law 111-216, section 215.
 Statement of Need: This final rule requires each air carrier
operating under 14 CFR part 121 to develop and implement a safety
management system (SMS) to improve the safety of its aviation-related
activities. SMS is a comprehensive, process-oriented approach to
managing safety throughout an organization. SMS includes an
organization-wide safety policy; formal methods for identifying
hazards; controlling, and continually assessing risk and safety
performance; and promotion of a safety culture. SMS stresses not only
compliance with technical standards but also increased emphasis on the
overall safety performance of the organization.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA)
authority to issue rules on aviation safety is found in title 49 of the
United States Code. This rulemaking is promulgated under the authority
described in 49 U.S.C. 44701(a)(5), which requires the Administrator to
promulgate regulations and minimum standards for other practices,
methods, and procedures necessary for safety in air commerce and
national security. In addition, the Airline Safety and Federal Aviation
Administration Extension Act of 2010 (the Act), Public Law 111-216,
section 215 (August 1, 2010), required the FAA to conduct rulemaking to
require all 14 CFR part 121 air carriers to implement a safety
management system. The Act required the FAA to issue this final rule
within 24 months of the passing of the Act (July 30, 2012).
 Alternatives: To relieve the burden of this rule on small entities,
the FAA considered extending the timeframe for development of SMS
implementation

[[Page 76593]]

plans. However, the FAA ultimately concluded that 1 year for the
development and approval of implementation plans is appropriate. In
making this determination, the FAA considered longer and shorter terms.
However, it settled on 1 year based on information from the SMS Pilot
Project, which showed that an average of 1 year was sufficient to
develop and approve an implementation plan. As part of its analysis,
the FAA noted that pilot project participants ultimately had differing
levels of SMS implementation. However, because all pilot project
participants had initially developed (and received FAA validation on)
an implementation plan that provided for full SMS implementation, the
FAA was able to use this data to estimate how long it would take a
certificate holder to develop such a plan, and get the plan approved by
the FAA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The FAA estimates the quantitative
costs to be $135.1 million, and the quantitative benefits to be $142.8
million, with benefits exceeding costs.
 Risks: While the commercial air carrier accident rate in the United
States has decreased substantially over the past 10 years, the FAA has
identified a recent trend involving hazards that were revealed during
accident investigations. The FAA's Office of Accident Investigation and
Prevention identified 128 accidents involving part 121 air carriers
from fiscal year (FY) 2001 through FY 2010 for which identified causal
factors could have been mitigated if air carriers had implemented an
SMS to identify hazards in their operations and developed methods to
control the risk. This type of approach allows air carriers to
anticipate and mitigate the likely causes of potential accidents. This
is a significant improvement over current reactive safety action
emphasis, which focuses on discovering and mitigating the cause of an
accident only after that accident has occurred. In order to bring about
this change in accident mitigation, as well as the other reasons
discussed throughout this document, the FAA is requiring part 121 air
carriers to develop and implement an SMS. SMS is a comprehensive,
process-oriented approach to managing safety throughout an
organization, and stresses not only compliance with technical
standards, but increased emphasis on the overall safety performance of
the organization. The potential reduction of risks would be averted
causalities, aircraft damage, and accident investigation costs by
identifying safety issues and spotting trends before they result in a
near-miss, incident, or accident.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/05/10 75 FR 68224
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 01/31/11 76 FR 5296
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/03/11 .......................
Comment Period Extended............. 03/07/11
Final Rule.......................... 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Scott VanBuren, Office of Accident Investigation
and Prevention, Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation
Administration, 800 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20591, Phone:
202 494-8417, Email: scott.vanburen@faa.gov
 Related RIN: Split from 2120-AJ15
 RIN: 2120-AJ86

DOT--FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION (FHWA)

Proposed Rule Stage

109. + National Goals and Performance Management Measures (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: sec 1203 Pub. L. 112-141; 49 CFR 1.85
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2014, NPRM.
 Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the Secretary to promulgate a
rulemaking within 18 months after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create national performance
management measures and standards to be used by the States to meet the
national transportation goals identified in section 1203 of MAP-21.
This rulemaking would also establish the process to be used by States
to set performance targets that reflect their performance measures. The
FHWA anticipates issuing up to three rulemakings in this area. This
rulemaking, number two, will cover the bridges and pavement.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21) transforms the Federal-aid highway program by
establishing new requirements for performance management to ensure the
most efficient investment of Federal transportation funds. Performance
management refocuses attention on national transportation goals,
increases the accountability and transparency of the Federal-aid
highway program, and improves project decisionmaking through
performance-based planning and programming. This rulemaking is the
second of 3 that would propose the establishment of performance
measures for State DOTs and MPOs to use to carry out Federal-aid
highway programs and to assess performance in each of the 12 areas
mandated by MAP-21. This rulemaking would establish performance
measures for State DOTs to use to carry out the National Highway
Performance Program (NHPP) and to assess: condition of pavements on the
National Highways System (NHS) (excluding the Interstate System),
condition of pavements on the Interstate System, and condition of
bridges on the NHS. This rulemaking would also propose the definitions
that will be applicable to the new 23 CFR 490; the process to be used
by State DOTs and MPOs to establish performance targets that reflect
the measures proposed in this rulemaking; a methodology to be used to
assess State DOTs' compliance with the target achievement provision
specified under 23 U.S.C. 119(e)(7); and the process to be followed by
State DOTs to report on progress towards the achievement of pavement
and bridge condition-related performance targets.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the
Secretary of Transportation to establish performance measures and
standards through a rulemaking to assess performance in 12 areas.
 Alternatives: N/A.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/00/14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Francine Shaw-Whitson, Department of
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington,

[[Page 76594]]

DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-8028, Email: Francine.Shaw-whitson@dot.gov
 RIN: 2125-AF53

DOT--FHWA

110. + National Goals and Performance Management Measures (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: sec 1203, Pub. L. 112-141; 49 FR 1.85
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, April 1, 2014, NPRM.
 Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the Secretary to promulgate a
rulemaking within 18 months after the date of enactment.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create national performance
management measures and standards to be used by the States to meet the
national transportation goals identified in section 1203 of MAP-21.
This rulemaking would also establish the process to be used by States
to set performance targets that reflect their performance measures. The
FHWA anticipates issuing up to three rulemakings in this area. This
rulemaking covers Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) and
Freight issues.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21) transforms the Federal-aid highway program by
establishing new requirements for performance management to ensure the
most efficient investment of Federal transportation funds. Performance
management refocuses attention on national transportation goals,
increases the accountability and transparency of the Federal-aid
highway program, and improves project decisionmaking through
performance-based planning and programming. This rulemaking is the
third of 3 that would propose the establishment of performance measures
for State DOTs and MPOs to use to carry out Federal-aid highway
programs and to assess performance in each of the 12 areas mandated by
MAP-21. This rulemaking would establish performance measures for State
DOTs to use in the areas of Congestion Reduction, Congestion Mitigation
and Air quality improvement program (CMAQ), Freight, and Performance of
the Interstate/Non-Interstate National Highway System.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 1203 of MAP-21 requires the
Secretary of Transportation to establish performance measures and
standards through a rulemaking to assess performance in 12 areas.
 Alternatives: N/A.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined.
 Risks: N/A.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Francine Shaw-Whitson, Department of
Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-8028, Email:
Francine.Shaw-whitson@dot.gov
 RIN: 2125-AF54

DOT--FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (FMCSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

111. + Carrier Safety Fitness Determination

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: sec 4009 of TEA-21
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 385.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: FMCSA proposes to amend the Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Regulations (FMCSRs) to adopt revised methodologies that would result
in a safety fitness determination (SFD). The proposed methodologies
would determine when a motor carrier is not fit to operate commercial
motor vehicles (CMVs) in or affecting interstate commerce based on (1)
the carrier's performance in relation to five of the Agency's
Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (BASICs); (2) an
investigation; or (3) a combination of on-road safety data and
investigation information. The intended effect of this action is to
reduce crashes caused by CMV drivers and motor carriers, resulting in
death, injuries, and property damage on U.S. highways, by more
effectively using FMCSA data and resources to identify unfit motor
carriers, and to remove them from the Nation's roadways.
 Statement of Need: Because of the time and expense associated with
the on-site compliance review, only a small fraction of carriers
(approximately 12,000) receive a safety fitness determination each
year. Since the current safety fitness determination process is based
exclusively on the results of an on-site compliance review, the great
majority of carriers subject to FMCSA jurisdiction do not receive a
timely determination of their safety fitness. The proposed methodology
for determining motor carrier safety fitness should correct the
deficiencies of the current process. In correcting these deficiencies,
FMCSA has made a concerted effort to develop a ``transparent'' method
for the Safety Fitness Determination (SFD) that would allow each motor
carrier to understand fully how FMCSA established that carrier's
specific SFD.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rule is based primarily on the
authority of 49 U.S.C. 31144, which directs the Secretary of
Transportation to ``determine whether an owner or operator is fit to
operate a commercial motor vehicle'' and to ``maintain by regulation a
procedure for determining the safety fitness of an owner or operator.''
This statute was first enacted as part of the Motor Carrier Safety Act
of 1984, section 215, Public Law 98-554, 98 Stat. 2844 (Oct. 30, 1984).
The proposed rule also relies on the provisions of 49 U.S.C. 31133,
which gives the Secretary ``broad administrative powers to assist in
the implementation'' of the provisions of the Motor Carrier Safety Act
now found in chapter 311 of title 49, U.S.C. These powers include,
among others, authority to conduct inspections and investigations,
compile statistics, require production of records and property,
prescribe recordkeeping and reporting requirements, and to perform
other acts considered appropriate. These powers are used to obtain the
data used by the Safety Management System and by the proposed new
methodology for safety fitness determinations. Under 49 CFR 1.73(g),
the Secretary has delegated the authority to carry out the functions in
subchapters I, III, and IV of chapter 311, title 49, U.S.C., to the
FMCSA Administrator. Sections 31133 and 31144 are part of subchapter
III of chapter 311.
 Alternatives: The Agency has been considering several alternatives.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency is continuing to review
the estimated costs and benefits of the proposed rule.
 Risks: A risk of incorrectly identifying a compliant carrier as
non-compliant--and consequently subjecting the carrier to unnecessary
expenses--has been analyzed and has been found to be

[[Page 76595]]

negligible under the process being proposed.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: David Miller, Regulatory Development Division,
Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202 366-5370, Email: fmcsaregs@dot.gov
 RIN: 2126-AB11

DOT--FMCSA

112. + Electronic Logging Devices and Hours of Service Supporting
Documents (MAP-21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 31502; 31136(a); Pub. L. 103.311; 49
U.S.C. 31137(a)
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 350; 49 CFR 385; 49 CFR 396; 49 CFR 395
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, January 31, 2011, Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking.
 NPRM, Statutory, October 1, 2013, MAP-21 requires FMCSA to issue a
final rule by October 1, 2013, a deadline that FMCSA will not be able
to meet, due to the need for notice and comment on these proposals.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would establish: (1) Minimum performance
and design standards for hours-of-service (HOS) electronic logging
devices (ELDs); (2) requirements for the mandatory use of these devices
by drivers currently required to prepare HOS records of duty status
(RODS); (3) requirements concerning HOS supporting documents; and (4)
measures to address concerns about harassment resulting from the
mandatory use of ELDs.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking action would improve commercial
motor vehicle (CMV) safety and reduce the overall paperwork burden for
both motor carriers and drivers by increasing the use of ELDs within
the motor carrier industry, which would in turn improve compliance with
the applicable Hours of Service (HOS) rules. Specifically, this rule
would (1) Require new technical specifications for ELDs that address
statutory requirements; (2) mandate ELDs for drivers currently using
record of duty status; (3) clarify supporting document requirements so
that motor carriers and drivers can comply efficiently with HOS
regulations, and so that motor carriers can make the best use of ELDs
and related support systems as their primary means of recording HOS
information and ensure HOS compliance; and (4) adopt procedural and
technical provisions aimed at ensuring that ELDs are not used to harass
vehicle operators. The Agency published a Supplemental Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (SNPRM) on March 28, 2014, and the comment period
ended on June 26, 2014.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 113 of the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Authorization Act of 1994, Public Law 103-311, 108 Stat.
1673, 16776-1677, August 26, 1994, (HMTAA) requires the Secretary to
prescribe regulations to improve compliance by CMV drivers and motor
carriers with HOS requirements and the effectiveness and efficiency of
Federal and State enforcement officers reviewing such compliance.
Specifically, the Act addresses requirements for supporting documents.
Section 32301(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhancement
Act, enacted as part of MAP-21 (Public Law 112-141, 126 Stat. 405, 786-
788 (July 6, 2012), mandated that the Secretary adopt regulations
requiring that CMVs involved in interstate commerce, operated by
drivers who are required to keep RODS, be equipped with ELDs.
 Alternatives: FMCSA is considering several alternatives to the
proposal, including alternate populations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: FMCSA estimates costs of $1.6B and
benefits of $2.0B for the rule, discounted at 7% in 2013 dollars.
 Risks: FMCSA has not yet fully assessed the risks that might be
associated with this activity.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/01/11 76 FR 5537
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/28/11 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 03/10/11 76 FR 13121
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/23/11 .......................
SNPRM............................... 03/28/14 79 FR 17656
SNPRM Comment Period End............ 05/27/14 .......................
SNPRM Analyzing Comments............ 03/00/15 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: The Agency previously published an NPRM on
this subject under RIN 2126-AA76, ``Hours of Service of Drivers;
Supporting Documents'' (63 FR 19457, Apr. 20, 1998) and an SNPRM,
``Hours of Service of Drivers: Supporting Documents'' (69 FR 63997,
Nov. 3, 2004). The Agency withdrew the SNPRM on October 25, 2007, 72 FR
60614. The previous proceeding can be found in docket No. FMCSA-1998-
3706.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Deborah M. Freund, Senior Transportation
Specialist, Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Carrier Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202 366-5370, Email: deborah.freund@dot.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 2126-AA89, Related to 2126-AA76
 RIN: 2126-AB20

DOT--FMCSA

Final Rule Stage

113. + Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (MAP-
21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 31306
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 382.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Statutory, October 1, 2014, Clearinghouse
required to be established by 10/01/2014.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would create a central database for
verified positive controlled substances and alcohol test results for
commercial driver[acute]s license (CDL) holders and refusals by such
drivers to submit to

[[Page 76596]]

testing. This rulemaking would require employers of CDL holders and
service agents to report positive test results and refusals to test
into the Clearinghouse. Prospective employers, acting on an application
for a CDL driver position with the applicant[acute]s written consent to
access the Clearinghouse, would query the Clearinghouse to determine if
any specific information about the driver applicant is in the
Clearinghouse before allowing the applicant to be hired and to drive
CMVs. This rulemaking is intended to increase highway safety by
ensuring CDL holders, who have tested positive or have refused to
submit to testing, have completed the U.S. DOT[acute]s return-to-duty
process before driving CMVs in interstate or intrastate commerce. It is
also intended to ensure that employers are meeting their drug and
alcohol testing responsibilities. Additionally, provisions in this
rulemaking would also be responsive to requirements of the Moving Ahead
for Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-21) Act. MAP-21 requires creation
of the Clearinghouse by 10/1/14.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would improve the safety of the
Nation's highways by ensuring that employers know when drivers test
positive for drugs and/or alcohol, and are not qualified to drive. It
would also ensure that drivers who have tested positive and have not
completed the return-to-duty process are not driving, and ensure that
all employers are meeting their drug and alcohol testing
responsibilities.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 32402 of the Moving Ahead for
Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21)) (Pub. L. 112-141, 126 Stat.
405) directs the Secretary of Transportation to establish a national
clearinghouse for controlled substance and alcohol test results of
commercial motor vehicle operators. In addition, FMCSA has general
authority to promulgate safety standards, including those governing
drivers' use of drugs or alcohol while operating a CMV. The Motor
Carrier Safety Act of 1984 Public Law 98-554 (the 1984 Act) provides
authority to regulate drivers, motor carriers, and vehicle equipment,
and requires the Secretary of Transportation to prescribe minimum
safety standards for CMVs. These standards include: (1) That CMVs are
maintained, equipped loaded, and operated safely; (2) the
responsibilities imposed on CMV operators do not impair their ability
to operate the vehicles safely; (3) the physical condition of CMV
operators is adequate to enable them to operate the vehicles safely;
and (4) CMV operation does not have a deleterious effect on the
physical condition of the operators 49 U.S.C. 31136(a).
 Alternatives: To be determined.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency estimates $187 million in
annual benefits from increased crash reduction from the rule. This is
against an estimated $155 million in total annual costs for employers
to complete the annual and pre-employment queries and to designate C/
TPAs, for SAPs to input information from drivers undergoing the return-
to-duty process, for various entities to report and notify positive
tests and to register and become familiar with the rule, for drivers to
consent to release of records, and for FMCSA to maintain and operate
the Clearinghouse, and for drivers to go through the return-to-duty
process. Total net benefits of the rule thus are $32 million annually.
 Risks: There is a risk of not knowing when a driver has not
completed the return-to-duty process and enabling job-hopping within
the industry.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/20/14 79 FR 9703
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/21/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 04/22/14 79 FR 22467
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in E.O. 13132.
 Additional Information: MAP-21 included provisions for a Drug and
Alcohol Test Clearinghouse that affect this rulemaking.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Juan Moya, Department of Transportation, Federal
Motor Carrier Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE.,
Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-4844, Email: juan.moya@dot.gov
 RIN: 2126-AB18

DOT--NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (NHTSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

114. +Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium-and Heavy-Duty Vehicles and
Work Trucks: Phase 2

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 32902(k)(2); 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 523; 49 CFR 534; 49 CFR 534.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would address fuel efficiency standards
for medium- and heavy-duty on-highway vehicles and work trucks for
model years beyond 2018. This rulemaking would respond to requirements
of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (EISA), title 1,
subtitle A, sections 102 and 108, as they amend 49 U.S.C. 32902, which
was signed into law December 19, 2007. The statute requires that NHTSA
establish a medium- and heavy-duty on-highway vehicle and work truck
fuel efficiency improvement program that achieves the maximum feasible
improvement, including standards that are appropriate, cost-effective,
and technologically feasible. The law requires that the new standards
provide at least 4 full model years of regulatory lead-time and 3 full
model years of regulatory stability (i.e., the standards must remain in
effect for 3 years before they may be amended). This action would
follow the first ever Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel
Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles
(Phase 1) (76 FR 57106, September 15, 2011). In June 2013, the
President's Climate Action Plan called for the Department of
Transportation to develop fuel efficiency standards and the
Environmental Protection Agency to develop greenhouse gas emission
standards in joint rulemaking within the President's second term. In
February 2014, the President directed DOT and EPA to complete the
second phase of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency
Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles during his
second term.
 Statement of Need: Setting fuel consumption standards for
commercial medium-duty and heavy-duty on-highway vehicles and work
trucks will reduce fuel consumption, and will thereby improve U.S.
energy security by reducing dependence on foreign oil, which has been a
national objective since the first oil price shocks in the 1970s. Net
petroleum imports now

[[Page 76597]]

account for approximately 60 percent of U.S. petroleum consumption.
World crude oil production is highly concentrated, exacerbating the
risks of supply disruptions and price shocks. Tight global oil markets
led to prices over $100 per barrel in 2008, with gasoline reaching as
high as $4 per gallon in many parts of the U.S., causing financial
hardship for many families and businesses. The export of U.S. assets
for oil imports continues to be an important component of the
historically unprecedented U.S. trade deficits. Transportation accounts
for about 72 percent of U.S. petroleum consumption. Medium-duty and
heavy-duty vehicles account for about 17 percent of transportation oil
use, which means that they alone account for about 12 percent of all
U.S. oil consumption.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking would respond to
requirements of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007
(EISA), title 1, subtitle A, sections 102 and 108, as they amend 49
U.S.C. 32902, which was signed into law December 19, 2007. In June
2013, the Presidents Climate Action Plan called for the Department of
Transportation to develop fuel efficiency standards and the
Environmental Protection Agency to develop greenhouse gas emission
standards in joint rulemaking within the Presidents second term. In
February 2014, the President directed DOT and EPA to complete the
second phase of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency
Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles during his
second term.
 Alternatives: In Phase 1, NHTSA evaluated nine alternatives; (1)
heavy-duty engines, only (2) Class 8 combination tractors and engines
in Class 8 tractors, (3) heavy-duty engines and Class 7 and 8 tractors,
(4) heavy-duty engines, Class 7 and 8 tractors, and Class 2b/3 pickup
trucks and vans, (5) NPRM Preferred Alternative: heavy-duty engines,
tractors, and Class 2b through 8 vehicles, (6) heavy-duty engines,
tractors, Class 2b through 8 vehicles and trailers, (7) heavy-duty
engines, tractors, Class 2b through 8 vehicles, and trailers plus
advanced hybrid powertrain technology for Class 2b through 8 vocational
vehicles, pickups and vans, (8) 15 percent less stringent that the NPRM
Preferred Alternative, covering heavy-duty engines, tractors, and Class
2b through 8 vehicles, (9) 20 percent more stringent that the NPRM
Preferred Alternative, covering heavy-duty engines, tractors, and Class
2b through 8 vehicles.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The costs and benefits associated
with this rulemaking have not yet been quantified.
 Risks: The agency believes there are no substantial risks to this
rulemaking.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: James Tamm, Fuel Economy Division Chief, Department
of Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 1200
New Jersey Ave. SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-493-0515. Email:
james.tamm@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AL52

DOT--NHTSA

Final Rule Stage

115. + Sound for Hybrid and Electric Vehicles

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 30111; 49 U.S.C. 30115; 49 U.S.C. 30117;
49 U.S.C. 30166; 49 U.S.C. 322; delegation of authority at 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 571; 49 CFR 585.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, July 5, 2012, Initiate rulemaking.
Final, Statutory, January 3, 2014, Final Rule. Legislation requires the
Secretary of Transportation to initiate rulemaking by July 2012, and
issue a final rule not later than January 2014.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would respond to the Pedestrian Safety
Enhancement Act of 2010, which directs the Secretary of Transportation
to study and establish a motor vehicle safety standard that provides
for a means of alerting blind, and other pedestrians of motor vehicle
operation for hybrid and electric vehicles. The PRIA contains an
estimate of 2,800 fewer injured pedestrians and pedalcyclists (35
equivalent lives saved) at a total estimated cost of $23.5 million at
the 3 percent discount rate, and $22.9 million at the 7 percent
discount rate, should the requirements of the NPRM be made final.
 Statement of Need: The Pedestrian Safety Enhancement Act of 2010,
signed into law on January 4, 2011, directs the Secretary to study and
establish a motor vehicle safety standard that provides for a means of
alerting blind and other pedestrians of motor vehicle operation. The
agency's proposed safety standard, issued January 14, 2013, will
require hybrid and electric passenger cars, light trucks and vans
(LTVs), medium and heavy duty trucks, buses, low speed vehicles (LSVs),
and motorcycles to meet specified sound requirements as required by the
Act. This standard will ensure that blind, visually-impaired, and other
pedestrians are able to detect and recognize nearby hybrid and electric
vehicles. The proposal estimated that 2,800 total pedestrians injured
will be avoided, due to this proposal's representation of 35 equivalent
lives saved.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 30111, title 49 of the U.S.C.,
states that the Secretary shall prescribe motor vehicle safety
standards.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered and sought public comment on
alternatives including: (1) Taking no action; (2) requiring alert
sounds based on recordings of internal combustion engine (ICE)
vehicles; (3) specifying acoustic requirements for synthetic sounds
that would closely resemble sounds produced by ICE vehicles; (4)
setting requirements for alert sounds that possess aspects of both
sounds produced by ICE vehicles and acoustic elements that contribute
to detectability; and (5) using psychoacoustic principals to develop
requirements for alert sounds that would have enhanced detectability,
but would not necessarily have a reference to sounds produced by ICE
vehicles.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In 2010 dollars at a 7 percent
discount rate, the total costs are estimated to be $24.4 million and
monetized benefits at $134.1 million, with net benefits estimated at
$109.7 million.
 Risks: The Agency believes that there are no significant risks
associated with this rulemaking, and that only beneficial outcomes will
occur.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/14/13 78 FR 2797
NPRM Comment Period End............. 03/15/13 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have

[[Page 76598]]

international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Marisol Medri, Safety Engineer, Department of
Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 1200
New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-6987,
Email: marisol.medri@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AK93

DOT--NHTSA

116. +Electronic Stability Control Systems for Heavy Vehicles (MAP-21)

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 30111; 49 U.S.C. 30115; 49 U.S.C. 30117;
49 U.S.C. 30166; 49 U.S.C. 322; delegation of authority at 49 CFR 1.95
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 571.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, October 1, 2014, Final Rule.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would promulgate a new Federal standard
that would require stability control systems on truck tractors and
motorcoaches that address both rollover and loss-of-control crashes,
after an extensive research program to evaluate the available
technologies, an evaluation of the costs and benefits, and a review of
manufacturer[acute]s product plans. Rollover and loss-of-control
crashes involving heavy vehicles is a serious safety issue that is
responsible for 304 fatalities and 2,738 injuries annually. They are
also a major cause of traffic tie-ups, resulting in millions of dollars
of lost productivity, and excess energy consumption each year.
Suppliers and truck and motorcoach manufacturers have developed
stability control technology for heavy vehicles to mitigate these types
of crashes. Our preliminary estimate produces an effectiveness range of
37 to 56 percent against single-vehicle tractor-trailer rollover
crashes and 3 to 14 percent against loss-of-control crashes that result
from skidding on the road surface. With these effectiveness estimates,
annually, we estimate 29 to 66 lives would be saved, 517 to 979 MAIS 1
to 5 injuries would be reduced, and 810 to 1,693 crashes that involved
property damage only would be eliminated. Additionally, it would save
$10 to $26 million in property damage and travel delays. Based on the
technology unit costs and affected vehicles, we estimate technology
costs would be $55 to 107 million, annually. However, the costs savings
from reducing travel delay and property damage would produce net
benefits of $128 to $372 million. This rulemaking is responsive to
requirements of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-
21) Act.
 Statement of Need: Rollover and loss-of-control crashes involving
combination truck tractors and large buses is a serious safety issue
that is responsible for 268 fatalities and 3,000 injuries annually.
They are also a major cause of traffic tie-ups, resulting in millions
of dollars of lost productivity, and excess energy consumption each
year. This action is consistent with our detailed plans for improving
motorcoach passenger protection, laid out in NHTSA's Approach to
Motorcoach Safety 2007, and the Department of Transportation 2009
Motorcoach Action Plan (Docket No. NHTSA-2007-28793), as well as the
agency's Vehicle Safety and Fuel Economy Rulemaking and Research
Priority Plan 2011-2013 (Docket No. NHTSA-2009-0108), and is responsive
to 3 recommendations issued by the National Transportation Safety
Board.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 30111, title 49 of the U.S.C.,
states that the Secretary shall prescribe motor vehicle safety
standards.
 Alternatives: The Agency considered two regulatory alternatives.
First, we considered requiring truck tractors and large buses to be
equipped with roll stability control (RSC) systems. The second
alternative considered was requiring trailers to be equipped with RSC
systems. When compared to the proposal, these alternatives provide
fewer benefits because they are less effective at preventing rollover
crashes and much less effective at preventing loss-of-control crashes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: According to the NPRM, the
anticipated total costs are expected to be $113.6 million for the
150,000 truck tractors and 2,200 large buses produced in 2012. The
agency estimates the proposal has the potential to save 49 to 60
fatalities, 649 to 858 injuries, and 1,807 to 2,329 crashes annually.
The net cost per equivalent life saved at a 7 percent discount rate is
estimated to range from $2.0 to $2.6 million, and for a 3 percent
discount rate is $1.5 to $2.0 million. The net benefits are $155 to
$222 million at a 7 percent discount rate, and $228 to $310 million at
a 3 percent discount rate.
 Risks: The Agency believes that there are no significant risks
associated with this rulemaking, and that only beneficial outcomes will
occur.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/23/12 77 FR 30766
NPRM Comment Period End............. 08/21/12 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: George Soodoo, Chief, Vehicle Safety Dynamics
Division (NVS-122), Department of Transportation, National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington,
DC 20590, Phone: 202-366-2720, Fax: 202-366-4329, Email:
george.soodoo@dot.gov
 RIN: 2127-AK97

DOT--FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION (FTA)

Proposed Rule Stage

117. +State Safety Oversight (MAP-21)

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 112 to 141, sec 20021
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 659.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking will set standards for State safety
oversight of rail transit systems and criteria for award of FTA grant
funds to help the States develop and carry out their oversight
programs.
 Statement of Need: The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st
Century Act (MAP-21, effective Oct. 1, 2012) made substantial changes
to the program for State safety oversight of rail fixed guideway public
transportation systems, and created a new program of Federal financial
assistance to the States for the purpose of conducting their oversight
of rail transit system safety. This rulemaking will flesh out the
statutory changes to the program, and set the process for making grants
of Federal funding to the States.
 Summary of Legal Basis: 49 U.S.C. 5329(e)(9) requires the Secretary
to issue regulations to carry out the State safety oversight program
for rail fixed guideway public transportation systems.
 Alternatives: This rulemaking will amend the regulations at 49 CFR
part

[[Page 76599]]

659 that have been in place since 1995. The single most important
change this rulemaking entails is the flexible, scalable Safety
Management Systems (SMS) approach that the U.S. Dept. of Transportation
is applying to help ensure safety in all modes of transportation-SMS
can be tailored both to the size, complexity, and mode of operation for
a transit system, and the State agency that is overseeing the safety of
a rail transit system.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: This rulemaking will not entail any
significant change to the annualized monetary costs and benefits of the
State safety oversight rules that have been in place since 1995. The
costs and benefits will be assessed during the development of the NPRM,
but it's critical to note that State safety oversight of rail transit
systems will no longer be an unfunded mandate; for the first time,
under MAP-21, Federal funding will be available to the States to assist
them in conducting their oversight, and this rulemaking will set the
process for making the FTA grants to the States.
 Risks: This rulemaking will not regulate any entities other than
States that have rail fixed guideway public transportation systems and
the State safety oversight Agencies that conduct oversight of those
rail transit systems. The Federal funding for State safety oversight
will be apportioned by formula, based on the statutory criteria set
forth in 49 U.S.C. 5329(e)(6)(B)(i), thus, this rulemaking poses no
risks for the regulated communities other than the risks inherent in
conducting the oversight of the safety of the rail transit systems for
which they are responsible.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Candace Key, Attorney Advisor, Department of
Transportation, Federal Transit Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE., Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-9178, Email:
candace.key@dot.gov
 RIN: 2132-AB19

DOT--PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION (PHMSA)

Proposed Rule Stage

118. +Pipeline Safety: Safety of On-Shore Liquid Hazardous Pipelines

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 195.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would address effective procedures that
hazardous liquid operators can use to improve the protection of high
consequence areas (HCA) and other vulnerable areas along their
hazardous liquid onshore pipelines. PHMSA is considering whether
changes are needed to the regulations covering hazardous liquid onshore
pipelines, whether other areas should be included as HCAs for integrity
management (IM) protections, what the repair timeframes should be for
areas outside the HCAs that are assessed as part of the IM program,
whether leak detection standards are necessary, valve spacing
requirements are needed on new construction or existing pipelines, and
PHMSA should extend regulation to certain pipelines currently exempt
from regulation. The Agency would also address the public safety and
environmental aspects of any new requirements, as well as the cost
implications and regulatory burden.
 Statement of Need: This NPRM responds to NTSB recommendations, a
GAO recommendation, public safety community input, consideration of
research and technology advancements and the review of recent incident
and accident reports. Additionally, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory
Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (P.L. 112-90), includes several
provisions and mandates that are relevant to the 49 CFR particularly
section 195.452. If adopted, the proposals in this NPRM will better
protect the public, property, and the environment by ensuring that
additional pipelines are subject to improved regulation, thus
increasing the detection and remediation of pipeline anomalies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress established the current framework
for regulating the safety of hazardous liquid pipelines in the
Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Safety Act (HLPSA) of 1979 (Pub. L. 96 to
129). Like its predecessor, the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968
(Pub. L. 90 to 481), the HLPSA provided the Secretary of Transportation
(Secretary) with the authority to prescribe minimum Federal safety
standards for hazardous liquid pipeline facilities. That authority, as
amended in subsequent reauthorizations, is currently codified in the
Pipeline Safety Laws (49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.).
 Alternatives: The various alternatives analyzed included no action
``status quo'' and individualized alternatives based on the proposed
amendments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost and benefits of this rule
are to be determined.
 Risks: The proposed rule will provide increased safety for the
regulated entities and reduce pipeline safety risks.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 10/18/10 75 FR 63774
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 01/18/11 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 01/04/11 76 FR 303
ANPRM Extended Comment Period End... 02/18/11 .......................
NPRM................................ 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: John A Gale, Transportation Regulations Specialist,
Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202-366-0434, Email: john.gale@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE66

DOT--PHMSA

119. +Pipeline Safety: Gas Transmission (RRR)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 60101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 192
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In this rulemaking, PHMSA will be revisiting the
requirements in the Pipeline Safety Regulations, addressing integrity
management principles for gas transmission pipelines. In particular,
PHMSA will be reviewing the definition of an HCA (including the concept
of a potential impact radius), the repair criteria for both HCA and
non-HCA areas, requiring the use of automatic and remote-controlled
shut off valves, valve

[[Page 76600]]

spacing, and whether applying the integrity management program
requirements to additional areas would mitigate the need for class
location requirements.
 Statement of Need: PHMSA will be reviewing the definition of an HCA
(including the concept of a potential impact radius), the repair
criteria for both HCA and non-HCA areas, requiring the use of automatic
and remote-controlled shut off valves, valve spacing, and whether
applying the integrity management program requirements to additional
areas would mitigate the need for class location requirements. This
rulemaking is in direct response to Congressional mandates in the 2011
Pipeline Reauthorization Act, specifically; section 4 (e) Gas IM plus 6
months, section 5(IM), 8 (leak detection), 23 (b)(2) (exceedance of
MAOP); section 29 (seismicity).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Congress has authorized Federal regulation
of the transportation of gas by pipeline under the Commerce Clause of
the U.S. Constitution. Authorization is codified in the Pipeline Safety
Laws (49 U.S.C.s 60101 et seq.), a series of statutes that are
administered by the DOT and PHMSA. PHMSA has used that authority to
promulgate comprehensive minimum safety standards for the
transportation of gas by pipeline.
 Alternatives: Alternatives analyzed included no change, and
extension of the compliance deadlines associated with the major cost of
the requirement area; namely, development and implementation of
management-of-change processes that apply to all gas transmission
pipelines beyond that which already applies to beyond IMP- and control
center-related processes.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: PHMSA does not expect the proposed
rule to adversely affect the economy or any sector of the economy in
terms of productivity and employment, the environment, public health,
safety, or State, local, or tribal government. PHMSA has also
determined, as required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act, that the
rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial
number of small entities in the United States. Additionally, PHMSA
determined that the rule would not impose annual expenditures on State,
local, or tribal governments in excess of $152 million, and thus does
not require an Unfunded Mandates Reform Act analysis. However, the rule
would impose annual expenditure in the private sector in excess of $152
million.
 Risks: This proposed rule will strengthen current pipeline
regulations and lower the safety risk of all regulated entities.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 08/25/11 76 FR 5308
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 11/16/11 76 FR 70953
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 12/02/11 .......................
End of ANPRM Comment Period Extended 01/20/12 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: SB-Y IC-N SLT-N.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cameron H Satterthwaite, Transportation Regulations
Specialist, Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous
Materials Safety Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE.,
Washington, DC 20590, Phone: 202 366-8553, Email:
cameron.satterthwaite@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE72

DOT--PHMSA

Final Rule Stage

120. +Hazardous Materials: Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational
Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 49 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 49 CFR 171; 49 CFR 172; 49 CFR 173; 49 CFR 174; 49
CFR 179
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This rulemaking would amend proposes new operational
requirements for certain trains transporting a large volume of
flammable materials, provide improvements in tank car standards, and
revise the generalmaterials improvements in tank car standards and
revision of the general requirements for offerors to ensure proper
classification and characterization of mined gases and liquids. These
new requirements are designed to lessen the consequences of derailments
involving ethanol crude oil and certain trains transporting a large
volume of flammable materials. The growing reliance on trains to
transport large volumes of flammable materials poses a significant risk
to life property and the environment. These significant risks have been
highlighted by the recent derailments of trains carrying crude oil in
Casselton, North Dakota; Aliceville, Alabama; and Lac-M[eacute]gantic,
Quebec Canada. The proposed changes also address National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) recommendations on accurate
classification, enhanced tank cars, rail routing, oversight, and
adequate response capabilities.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking is a crucial step by DOT to
reduce the risks related to the transportation of hazardous materials
by rail. Preventing tank car incidents and minimizing the consequences
when an incident does occur are not only DOT priorities, but are also
shared by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), industry,
and the general public. These same groups also question the
survivability of general service tank cars built to the current
regulatory requirements. To this end, PHMSA will consider regulatory
amendments to enhance the standards for tank cars, most notably, DOT
Specification 111 tank cars used to transport certain hazardous
materials and explore additional operational requirements to enhance
the safe transportation of hazardous materials by rail.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The authority of 49 U.S.C. 5103(b), which
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to ``prescribe regulations
for the safe transportation, including security, of hazardous materials
in intrastate, interstate, and foreign commerce.''
 Alternatives: PHMSA and FRA are committed to a comprehensive
approach to addressing the risk and consequences of derailments
involving hazardous materials by addressing not only survivability of
rail car designs, but the operational practices of rail carriers.
Obtaining information and comments in an NPRM provided the greatest
opportunity for public participation in the development of regulatory
amendments, and promote greater exchange of information and
perspectives among the various stakeholders to promote future
regulatory action on these issues.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The NPRM requested comments on both
the path forward and the economic impacts. We are evaluating comments
prior to developing the final rule, and once the final rule is drafted
the costs and benefits will be detailed.

[[Page 76601]]

Risks: DOT conducted research on long-standing safety concerns
regarding the survivability of the DOT Specification 111 tank cars
designed to current HMR requirements, and used for the transportation
of flammable liquids. The research found that special consideration is
necessary for the transportation of flammable liquids in DOT
Specification 111 tank cars, especially when a train is configured as a
unit train. Through the research, DOT identified and ranked several
enhancements to the current specifications that would increase tank car
survivability. The highest-ranked options are low cost and the most
effective at preventing loss of containment and catastrophic failure of
a DOT Specification 111 tank car during a derailment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 09/06/13 78 FR 54849
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/05/13 .......................
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 11/05/13 78 FR 66326
ANPRM Comment Period Extended End... 12/05/13 .......................
NPRM................................ 08/01/14 79 FR 45015
NPRM Comment Period End............. 09/30/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: HM-251; SB-Y, IC-Y, SLT-N; This rulemaking
will provide the greatest opportunity for public participation in the
development of regulatory amendments, and promote greater exchange of
information and perspectives among the various stakeholders. The
rulemaking will lead to more focused and well-developed amendments that
reflect the views of all regulated entities. Comments received to the
NPRM were used in our evaluation and development of future regulatory
action on these issues.
 URL for More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Ben Supko, Transportation Regulations Specialist,
Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety
Administration, 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE., Washington, DC 20590,
Phone: 202-366-8553, Email: ben.supko@dot.gov
 RIN: 2137-AE91
BILLING CODE 4910-9X-P

DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The primary missions of the Department of the Treasury are:
 To promote prosperous and stable American and world
economies, including promoting domestic economic growth and maintaining
our Nation's leadership in global economic issues, supervising national
banks and thrift institutions, and helping to bring residents of
distressed communities into the economic mainstream.
 To manage the Government's finances by protecting the
revenue and collecting the correct amount of revenue under the Internal
Revenue Code, overseeing customs revenue functions, financing the
Federal Government and managing its fiscal operations, and producing
our Nation's coins and currency.
 To safeguard the U.S. and international financial systems
from those who would use these systems for illegal purposes or to
compromise U.S. national security interests, while keeping them free
and open to legitimate users.
 Consistent with these missions, most regulations of the Department
and its constituent bureaus are promulgated to interpret and implement
the laws as enacted by the Congress and signed by the President. It is
the policy of the Department to comply with applicable requirements to
issue a notice of proposed rulemaking and carefully consider public
comments before adopting a final rule. Also, the Department invites
interested parties to submit views on rulemaking projects while a
proposed rule is being developed.
 To the extent permitted by law, it is the policy of the Department
to adhere to the regulatory philosophy and principles set forth in
Executive Orders 12866, 13563, and 13609 and to develop regulations
that maximize aggregate net benefits to society while minimizing the
economic and paperwork burdens imposed on persons and businesses
subject to those regulations.
Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) issues
regulations to implement and enforce the Federal laws relating to
alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and ammunition excise taxes and certain
non-tax laws relating to alcohol. TTB's mission and regulations are
designed to:
 (1) Collect the taxes on alcohol, tobacco, firearms and ammunition;
 (2) Protect the consumer by ensuring the integrity of alcohol
products; and
 (3) Prevent unfair and unlawful market activity for alcohol and
tobacco products.
 In the last several years, TTB has recognized the changes in the
industries it regulates, as well as the modernized enforcement tools
available to it. As a consequence, TTB has focused on revising its
regulations to ensure that it accomplishes its mission in a way that
facilitates industry growth, while at the same time protecting the
revenue and consumers of alcohol beverages. This modernization effort
has resulted in the updating of Parts 9 (American Viticultural Areas)
and 19 (Distilled Spirits Plants) of Title 27 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. In addition to its beverage alcohol regulations, TTB
published in fiscal year (FY) 2013, a temporary rule and concurrent
NPRM pertaining to permits for importers of tobacco products and
processed tobacco that would extend the duration of new permits from
three years to five years. Furthermore, TTB published an NPRM
concerning denatured alcohol and products made with industrial alcohol.
The proposed amendments would remove unnecessary regulatory burdens on
the industrial alcohol industry as well as TTB, and would align the
regulations with current industry practice. These latter three rules
all published in June 2013.
 In fiscal year 2014, TTB published a direct final rule amending its
regulations in 27 CFR part 73 regarding the electronic submission of
forms and other documents. To streamline the application process
through TTB's secure, web-based applications (Permits Online, COLAs
Online, and Formulas Online) and to enable current and prospective
industry members to submit all required application forms
electronically, TTB amended part 73 to provide for the electronic
submission to TTB of forms requiring third-party signatures, such as
bond forms and powers of attorney. Copies of such forms, bearing all
required signatures and seals, may now be submitted electronically,
along with a certification that the copy is an exact copy of the
original, provided the submitter maintains the original along with
other records and makes it available or submits it to TTB upon request.
TTB further amended part 73 to provide that any requirement in the TTB
regulations to submit a document to another agency may be met by the
electronic submission of the document to the other agency, as long as
the other agency provides for, and authorizes, the

[[Page 76602]]

electronic submission of such document.
 In that same final rule, TTB amended its regulations in 27 CFR part
19 governing the records that distilled spirits plant (DSP) proprietors
must keep of finished products, by removing the requirement that DSP
proprietors keep a daily summary record of the kind of distilled
spirits bottled or packaged. Finally, TTB amended its regulations in 27
CFR parts 26 and 27 regarding closures that must be affixed to
containers of imported distilled spirits products or of such products
brought into the United States from Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands.
The amendments remove a requirement that a part of the closure remain
attached to the container when opened, thereby aligning the regulations
for such products with those applicable to domestic distilled spirits
products. In summary, the amendments made by this final rule have
lessened the regulatory burden on industry members by, among other
changes: (1) providing for the electronic submission of documents
requiring third-party signatures or corporate seals and of documents
that the TTB regulations require be submitted to other agencies; (2)
removing a recordkeeping requirement in 27 CFR 19.601 for DSP
proprietors; and (3) removing a regulatory requirement related to the
types of closures that must be used on certain distilled spirits
containers.
 In FY 2015, TTB will continue its multi-year Regulations
Modernization effort by finalizing its Specially Denatured and
Completely Denatured Alcohol regulations and prioritizing projects that
will update its Labeling Requirements regulations, Import and Export
regulations, Nonbeverage Products regulations, and Distilled Spirits
Plant Reporting Requirements.
 This fiscal year TTB plans to give priority to the following
regulatory matters:
 Revisions to Specially Denatured and Completely Denatured Alcohol
Regulations. TTB proposed changes to regulations for specially
denatured alcohol (SDA) and completely denatured alcohol (CDA) that
would result in cost savings for both TTB and regulated industry
members. These amendments are necessary because they provide a
reduction in regulatory burden while posing no risk to the revenue.
 Under the authority of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (IRC), TTB regulates denatured alcohol that is unfit for
beverage use, which may be removed from a regulated distilled spirits
plant free of tax. SDA and CDA are widely used in the American fuel,
medical, and manufacturing sectors. The industrial alcohol industry far
exceeds the beverage alcohol industry in size and scope, and it is a
rapidly growing industry in the United States. Some concerns have been
raised that the current regulations may create significant roadblocks
for industry members in getting products to the marketplace quickly and
efficiently. To help alleviate these concerns, TTB plans to issue a
final rule that will reclassify certain SDA formulas as CDA and issue
new general-use formulas for articles made with SDA. As a result of
these changes, industry members would need to seek formula approval
from TTB less frequently, and, in turn, TTB could decrease the
resources it dedicates to formula review.
 TTB estimates that these changes will result in an 80 percent
reduction in the formula approval submissions currently required from
industry members and will reduce total annual paperwork burden hours on
affected industry members from 2,415 to 517 hours. The reduction in
formula submissions will enable TTB to redirect its resources to
address backlogs that exist in other areas of TTB's mission activities,
such as analyses of compliance samples for industrial/fuel alcohol to
protect the revenue and working with industry to test and approve new
and more environmentally friendly denaturants. Additionally, the
reclassification of certain SDA formulas to CDA formulas will not
jeopardize the revenue because it is more difficult to separate potable
alcohol from CDA than it is from SDA, and because CDA has an offensive
taste and is less likely to be used for beverage purposes. Similarly,
authorizing new general-use formulas will not jeopardize the revenue
because it will be difficult to remove potable alcohol from articles
made with the specific SDA formulations. Other changes made by this
final rule will remove unnecessary regulatory burdens and update the
regulations to align them with current industry practice.
 Revisions to the Labeling Requirements (Parts 4 (Wine), 5
(Distilled Spirits), and 7 (Malt Beverages)). The Federal Alcohol
Administration Act requires that alcohol beverages introduced in
interstate commerce have a label issued and approved under regulations
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. In accordance with the
mandate of Executive Order 13563 of January 18, 2011, regarding
improving regulation and regulatory review, TTB has conducted an
analysis of its regulations to identify any that might be outmoded,
ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome, and to modify,
streamline, expand, or repeal them in accordance with what has been
learned. As a result of its review, TTB has near-term plans to revise
the regulations concerning the approval of labels for wine, distilled
spirits, and malt beverages, to reduce the cost to TTB of reviewing and
approving an ever-increasing number of applications for label approval
(well over 130,000 per year). The regulations are being reviewed to
assess their relevance in the 21st century. Revisions will provide
clarity to industry to improve voluntary compliance. Currently, the
review and approval process requires a staff of at least 13 people for
the pre-approval of labels, in addition to management review. The goal
of these regulatory changes, to be developed with industry input, is to
accelerate the approval process, which will result in the regulated
industries being able to bring products to market without undue delay.
 Selected Revisions to Export and Import Regulations Related to the
International Trade Data System. TTB is currently preparing for the
implementation of the International Trade Data System (ITDS) and,
specifically, the transition to an all-electronic import and export
environment. The ITDS, as described in section 405 of the Security and
Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (the ``SAFE Port Act'')
(Public Law 109-347), is an electronic information exchange capability,
or ``single window,'' through which businesses will transmit data
required by participating agencies for the importation or exportation
of cargo. To enhance Federal coordination associated with the
development of the ITDS and put in place specific deadlines for
implementation, President Obama, on February 19, 2014, signed an
Executive Order (EO) on Streamlining the Export/Import Process for
America's Businesses. In line with section 3(e) of the EO, TTB was
required to develop an implementation timeline for ITDS implementation.
Regulatory review for transition to the all-electronic environment is
part of that process.
 TTB has completed its review of the regulatory requirements and
identified those that it intends to update to account for the new all-
electronic environment. TTB has not only focused on identifying
requirements in order to align them with the new environment (such as
amending requirements that reference submission of paper documents at
entry), but also is reviewing existing requirements and processes to
determine where modifications could better take

[[Page 76603]]

advantage of the all-electronic capability while reducing burden. TTB
is planning to publish rulemaking on its import and export regulations
in FY15, for example, this rulemaking will address the collection of
TTB F 5100.31 (Application for and Certification/Exemption of Label/
Bottle Approval) and foreign certificate data in the ITDS environment.
 In recent years, TTB has identified selected sections of its export
regulations (27 CFR part 28) that should be amended to assist industry
members in complying with the regulations. Current regulations require
industry members to obtain documents and follow procedures that are
outdated and not entirely consistent with current industry practices
regarding exportation. As part of its effort to accommodate
implementation of ITDS, TTB's proposed regulatory revisions will also
provide industry members with clear and updated procedures for removal
of alcohol for exportation without having to pay excise taxes (under
the IRC, beverage alcohol may be removed for exportation without
payment of tax), thus increasing their willingness and ability to
export their products. Increasing American exports benefits the
American economy and is consistent with Treasury and Administration
priorities.
 Revision of the Part 17 Regulations, ``Drawback on Taxpaid
Distilled Spirits Used in Manufacturing Nonbeverage Products,'' to
Allow Self-Certification of Nonbeverage Product Formulas. TTB is
considering revisions to the regulations in 27 CFR part 17 governing
nonbeverage products made with taxpaid distilled spirits. These
nonbeverage products include foods, medicines, and flavors. This
proposal offers a new method of formula certification by incorporating
quantitative standards into the regulations and establishing new
voluntary procedures that would further streamline the formula review
process for products that meet the standards. These proposals pose no
risk to the revenue because TTB will continue to review the formulas;
however, TTB will not take action on certified formula submissions
unless the formulas require correction. This proposal would nearly
eliminate the need for TTB to formally approve all nonbeverage product
formulas by proposing to allow for self-certification of such formulas.
The changes would result in significant cost savings for an important
industry, which currently must obtain formula approval from TTB, and
some savings for TTB, which must review and take action to approve or
disapprove each formula.
 Revisions to Distilled Spirits Plant Reporting Requirements. In FY
2012, TTB published an NPRM proposing to revise regulations in 27 CFR
part 19 to replace the current four report forms used by distilled
spirits plants to report their operations on a monthly basis with two
new report forms that would be submitted on a monthly basis. (Plants
that file taxes on a quarterly basis would submit the new reports on a
quarterly basis.) This project, which was included in the President's
FY 2012 budget for TTB as a cost-saving item, will address numerous
concerns and desires for improved reporting by the affected distilled
spirits industry and result in cost savings to the industry and TTB by
significantly reducing the number of monthly plant operations reports
that must be completed and filed by industry members and processed by
TTB. TTB preliminarily estimates that this project will result in an
annual savings of approximately 23,218 paperwork burden hours (or 11.6
staff years) for industry members and 629 processing hours (or 0.3
staff years) and $12,442 per year for TTB in contractor time. In
addition, TTB estimates that this project will result in additional
savings in staff time (approximately 3 staff years) equaling $300,000
annually based on the more efficient and effective processing of
reports and the use of report data to reconcile industry member tax
accounts. Based on comments received in response to the NPRM, TTB plans
to revise the proposal and re-notice the issue.
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
 The Bureau of the Fiscal Service (Fiscal Service) administers
regulations pertaining to the Government's financial activities,
including: (1) Implementing Treasury's borrowing authority, including
regulating the sale and issue of Treasury securities, (2) Administering
Government revenue and debt collection, (3) Administering
Governmentwide accounting programs, (4) Managing certain Federal
investments, (5) Disbursing the majority of Government electronic and
check payments, (6) Assisting Federal agencies in reducing the number
of improper payments, and (7) Providing administrative and operational
support to Federal agencies through franchise shared services.
 During fiscal year 2015, the Fiscal Service will accord priority to
the following regulatory projects:
 Amendment to Large Position Reporting Requirements. On behalf of
Treasury (Financial Markets), the Fiscal Service plans to amend the
Government Securities Act regulations (17 CFR chapter IV) to modify the
large position reporting rules to improve the information reported so
that Treasury can better understand supply and demand dynamics in
certain Treasury securities.
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for Publishing Delinquent Debtor
Information. The Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-
134, 110 Stat. 1321 (DCIA) authorizes Federal agencies to publish or
otherwise publicly disseminate information regarding the identity of
persons owing delinquent nontax debts to the United States for the
purpose of collecting the debts, provided certain criteria are met.
Treasury proposes to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking seeking
comments on a proposed rule that would establish the procedures Federal
agencies must follow before promulgating their own rules to publish
information about delinquent debtors and the standards for determining
when use of this debt collection remedy is appropriate.
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
 The Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund)
was established by the Community Development Banking and Financial
Institutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). The mission of the
CDFI Fund is to increase economic opportunity and promote community
development investments for underserved populations and in distressed
communities in the United States. The CDFI Fund currently administers
the following programs: The Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFI) Program, the Bank Enterprise Award (BEA) Program,
the Native American CDFI Assistance (NACA) Program, and the New Markets
Tax Credit (NMTC) Program, the Financial Education and Counseling Pilot
Program (FEC), the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), and the CDFI Bond
Guarantee Program (BGP).
 In FY 2015, the CDFI Fund will publish updated regulations for its
BEA Program and CDFI Program to incorporate the requirements of the
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards (2 CFR part 200). In December 2013, the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) published a final rule that
provides a government-wide framework for grants management, with the
goal of combining several OMB guidance circulars, reducing
administrative burden for award Recipients, and

[[Page 76604]]

reducing the risk of waste, fraud and abuse of Federal financial
assistance. The Uniform Federal Award Requirements codifies financial,
administrative, procurement, and program management standards that
Federal award agencies must follow. Each Federal agency is anticipated
to codify these requirements by the end of calendar year 2014.
Customs Revenue Functions
 The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (the Act) provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury retains sole legal authority over the customs
revenue functions. The Act also authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to delegate any of the retained authority over customs revenue
functions to the Secretary of Homeland Security. By Treasury Department
Order No. 100-16, the Secretary of the Treasury delegated to the
Secretary of Homeland Security authority to prescribe regulations
pertaining to the customs revenue functions subject to certain
exceptions. This Order further provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury retained the sole authority to approve such regulations.
 During the past fiscal year, among the customs-revenue function
regulations issued were the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion
Agreement final rule, the United States--Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement final rule, and the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA)
and Generalized System of Preferences and Trade Benefits under AGOA
final rule. On October 1, 2013, U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(CBP) published the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement
final rule (78 FR 60191) that adopted interim amendments (77 FR 59064)
of September 26, 2012, to the CBP regulations which implemented the
preferential tariff treatment and other customs-related provisions of
the United States--Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation
Act. On May 21, 2014, CBP issued the United States--Panama Trade
Promotion Agreement final rule (79 FR 29077) that adopted interim
amendments (78 FR 63052) of October 23, 2013, to the CBP regulations,
which implemented the preferential tariff treatment and other customs-
related provisions of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion
Agreement Implementation Act that took effect on October 31, 2012. In
addition, CBP issued the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) and
Generalized System of Preferences and Trade Benefits under AGOA final
rule (79 FR 30356) on May 27, 2014, that adopted the interim amendments
(65 FR 59668 and 68 FR 13820) of October 5, 2000, and March 21, 2003,
respectively, to the CBP regulations.
 On December 18, 2013, Treasury and CBP published a final rule
titled Members of a Family for Purposes of Filing a CBP Family
Declaration (78 FR 76529) that amended the regulations by expanding the
definition of the term, ``members of a family residing in one
household,'' to allow more U.S. returning residents traveling as a
family upon their arrival in the United States to be eligible to group
their duty exemptions and file a single customs declaration for
articles acquired abroad.
 This past fiscal year, consistent with the goals of Executive
Orders 12866 and 13563, Treasury and CBP proposed changes to
Documentation Related to Goods Imported From U.S. Insular Possessions
on January 14, 2014 (79 FR 2395), to eliminate the requirement that a
customs officer at the port of export verify and sign CBP Form 3229,
Certificate of Origin for U.S. Insular Possessions, and to require
instead that the importer present this form, upon CBP's request, rather
than submit it with each entry as the current regulations require. The
changes proposed would streamline the entry process by making it more
efficient as it would reduce the overall administrative burden on both
the trade and CBP. If the importer does not maintain CBP Form 3229 in
its possession, the importer may be subject to a recordkeeping penalty.
CBP plans to finalize this rule during fiscal year 2015.
 During fiscal year 2015, CBP and Treasury also plan to give
priority to the following regulatory matters involving the customs
revenue functions:
 In-Bond Process. Consistent with the practice of continuing to move
forward with Customs Modernization provisions of the North American
Free Trade Implementation Act to improve its regulatory procedures,
Treasury and CBP plan to finalize this fiscal year the proposal to
change the in-bond process by issuing final regulations to amend the
in-bond regulations that were proposed on February 22, 2012 (77 FR
10622). The proposed changes, including the automation of the in-bond
process, would modernize, simplify, and facilitate the in-bond process
while enhancing CBP's ability to regulate and track in-bond merchandise
to ensure that in-bond merchandise is properly entered or exported.
 Free Trade Agreements. Treasury and CBP also plan to issue final
regulations this fiscal year to implement the preferential trade
benefit provisions of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement
Implementation Act. Treasury and CBP also expect to issue interim
regulations implementing the preferential trade benefit provisions of
the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act.
 Customs and Border Protection's Bond Program. Treasury and CBP plan
to publish a final rule amending the regulations to reflect the
centralization of the continuous bond program at CBP's Revenue
Division. The changes proposed would support CBP's bond program by
ensuring an efficient and uniform approach to the approval,
maintenance, and periodic review of continuous bonds, as well as
accommodating the use of information technology and modern business
practices.
 Disclosure of Information for Certain Intellectual Property Rights
Enforced at the Border. Treasury and CBP plan to finalize interim
amendments to the CBP regulations which provides a pre-seizure notice
procedure for disclosing information appearing on the imported
merchandise and/or its retail packing suspected of bearing a
counterfeit mark to an intellectual property right holder for the
limited purpose of obtaining the right holder's assistance in
determining whether the mark is counterfeit or not.
Internal Revenue Service
 The Internal Revenue Service (IRS), working with the Office of Tax
Policy, promulgates regulations that interpret and implement the
Internal Revenue Code and related tax statutes. The purpose of these
regulations is to carry out the tax policy determined by Congress in a
fair, impartial, and reasonable manner, taking into account the intent
of Congress, the realities of relevant transactions, the need for the
Government to administer the rules and monitor compliance, and the
overall integrity of the Federal tax system. The goal is to make the
regulations practical and as clear and simple as possible.
 During fiscal year 2015, the IRS will accord priority to the
following regulatory projects:
 Tax-Related Affordable Care Act Provisions. On March 23, 2010, the
President signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010
(Pub. L. 111-148) and on March 30, 2010, the President signed the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-152)
(referred to collectively as the Affordable Care Act (ACA)). The ACA's
reform of the health insurance system affects individuals, families,
employers, health care providers, and health insurance providers. The
ACA provides authority for Treasury and the IRS to issue regulations
and other guidance to

[[Page 76605]]

implement tax provisions in the ACA, some of which are already
effective and some of which will become effective over the next several
years. Since enactment of the ACA, Treasury and the IRS have issued a
series of temporary, proposed, and final regulations implementing over
a dozen provisions of the ACA, including the premium tax credit under
section 36B, the small-business health coverage tax credit under
section 45R, new requirements for charitable hospitals under section
501(r), limits on tax preferences for remuneration provided by certain
health insurance providers under section 162(m)(6), the employer shared
responsibility provisions under section 4980H, the individual shared
responsibility provisions under section 5000A, insurer and employer
reporting under sections 6055 and 6056, and several revenue-raising
provisions, including fees on branded prescription drugs under section
9008 of the ACA, fees on health insurance providers under section 9010
of the ACA, the tax on indoor tanning services under 5000B, the net
investment income tax under section 1411, and the additional Medicare
tax under sections 3101 and 3102.
 In fiscal year 2015, Treasury and the IRS will continue to provide
guidance to implement tax provisions of the ACA, including:
 Final regulations related to numerous aspects of the
premium tax credit under section 36B, including the determination of
minimum value of eligible-employer-sponsored plans;
 Final regulations on application for recognition of tax
exemption as a qualified nonprofit health insurer under section
501(c)(29);
 Final regulations on new requirements for charitable
hospitals under section 501(r);
 Final regulations regarding issues related to the net
investment income tax under section 1411; and
 Final regulations concerning minimum essential coverage
and other rules regarding the individual shared responsibility
provision under section 5000A.
 Interest on Deferred Tax Liability for Contingent Payment
Installment Sales. Section 453 of the Internal Revenue Code generally
allows taxpayers to report the gain from a sale of property in the
taxable year or years in which payments are received, rather than in
the year of sale. Section 453A of the Code imposes an interest charge
on the tax liability that is deferred as a result of reporting the gain
when payments are received. The interest charge generally applies to
installment obligations that arise from a sale of property using the
installment method if the sales price of the property exceeds $150,000,
and the face amount of all such installment obligations held by a
taxpayer that arose during, and are outstanding as of the close of, a
taxable year exceeds $5,000,000. The interest charge provided in
section 453A cannot be determined under the terms of the statute if an
installment obligation provides for contingent payments. Accordingly,
in section 453A(c)(6), Congress authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue regulations providing for the application of section
453A in the case of installment sales with contingent payments.
Treasury and the IRS intend to issue proposed regulations that, when
finalized, will provide guidance and reduce uncertainty regarding the
application of section 453A to contingent payments.
 Rules for Home Construction Contracts. In general, section 460(a)
requires taxpayers to use the percentage-of-completion method (PCM) to
account for taxable income from any long-term contract. Under the PCM,
income is generally reported in installments as work is performed, and
expenses are generally deducted in the taxable year incurred. However,
taxpayers with contracts that meet the definition of a ``home
construction contract,'' under section 460(e)(4), are not required to
use the PCM for those contracts and may, instead, use an exempt method.
Exempt methods include the completed contract method (CCM) and the
accrual method. Under the CCM, for example, a taxpayer generally takes
into account the entire gross contract price and all incurred allocable
contract costs in the taxable year the taxpayer completes the contract.
Treasury and the IRS believe that amended rules are needed to reduce
uncertainty and controversy, including litigation, regarding when a
contract qualifies as a ``home construction contract'' and when the
income and allocable deductions are taken into account under the CCM.
On August 4, 2008, Treasury and the IRS published proposed regulations
on the types of contracts that are eligible for the home construction
contract exemption. The preamble to those regulations stated that
Treasury and the IRS expected to propose additional rules specific to
home construction contracts accounted for using the CCM. After
considering comments received and the need for additional and clearer
rules to reduce ongoing uncertainty and controversy, Treasury and the
IRS have determined that it would be beneficial to taxpayers to present
all of the proposed changes to the current regulations in a single
document. Treasury and the IRS plan to withdraw the 2008 proposed
regulations and replace them with new, more comprehensive proposed
regulations.
 Research Expenditures. Section 41 of the Internal Revenue Code
provides a credit against taxable income for certain expenses paid or
incurred in conducting research activities. To assist in resolving
areas of controversy and uncertainty with respect to research expenses,
Treasury and the IRS plan to issue regulations with respect to the
definition and credit eligibility of expenditures for internal use
software, the election of the alternative simplified credit, and the
allocation of the credit among members of a controlled group.
 Estate Tax Portability of Decedent's Unused Exclusion Amount. The
Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation
Act of 2010 (TRA of 2010) amended sections 2010 and 2505 of the
Internal Revenue Code to provide an estate of a decedent survived by a
spouse the opportunity to transfer, or port, unused applicable
exclusion amount to and for the benefit of the surviving spouse.
Although the portability provisions of TRA of 2010 were originally
scheduled to expire on December 31, 2012, the American Taxpayer Relief
Act of 2012 made the portability provisions permanent. Treasury and the
IRS plan to issue final regulations on or before June 15, 2015, to
replace sunsetting temporary regulations. The final regulations will
provide rules for electing portability, determining the unused
exclusion amount available from the estate of the first-to-die spouse
to the surviving spouse, and applying the ported unused exclusion
amount to the surviving spouse's subsequent transfers.
 Arbitrage Investment Restrictions on Tax-Exempt Bonds. The
arbitrage investment restrictions on tax-exempt bonds under section 148
generally limit issuers from investing bond proceeds in higher-yielding
investments. On September 16, 2013, Treasury and the IRS published
proposed regulations (78 FR 56842) to address selected current issues
involving the arbitrage investment restrictions, including guidance on
the issue price definition used in the computation of bond yield,
working capital financings, grants, investment valuation,
modifications, terminations of qualified hedging transactions, and
selected other issues. Treasury and the IRS plan to provide additional
guidance on the arbitrage investment restrictions, including guidance
on the issue price definition used in the computation of bond yield.

[[Page 76606]]

Guidance on the Definition of Political Subdivision for Tax-Exempt,
Tax-Credit, and Direct-Pay Bonds. A political subdivision may be a
valid issuer of tax-exempt, tax-credit, and direct-pay bonds. Concerns
have been raised about what is required for an entity to be a political
subdivision. Treasury and the IRS plan to provide additional guidance
under section 103 for determining when an entity is a political
subdivision.
 Contingent Notional Principal Contract Regulations. Notice 2001-44
(2001-2 CB 77) outlined four possible approaches for recognizing
nonperiodic payments made or received on a notional principal contract
(NPC) when the contract includes a nonperiodic payment that is
contingent in fact or in amount. The Notice solicited further comments
and information on the treatment of such payments. After considering
the comments received in response to Notice 2001-44, Treasury and the
IRS published proposed regulations (69 FR 8886) (the 2004 proposed
regulations) that would amend section 1.446-3 and provide additional
rules regarding the timing and character of income, deduction, gain, or
loss with respect to such nonperiodic payments, including termination
payments. On December 7, 2007, Treasury and IRS released Notice 2008-2
requesting comments and information with respect to transactions
frequently referred to as prepaid forward contracts. Treasury and the
IRS plan to re-propose regulations to address issues relating to the
timing and character of nonperiodic contingent payments on NPCs,
including termination payments and payments on prepaid forward
contracts.
 Tax Treatment of Distressed Debt. A number of tax issues relating
to the amount, character, and timing of income, expense, gain, or loss
on distressed debt remain unresolved. In addition, the tax treatment of
distressed debt, including distressed debt that has been modified, may
affect the qualification of certain entities for tax purposes or result
in additional taxes on the investors in such entities, such as
regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts (REITs),
and real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs). During fiscal
year 2014, Treasury and the IRS addressed some of these issues through
published guidance, including guidance on an entity's qualification as
a REIT in the context of transactions involving distressed mortgage
loans. Treasury and the IRS plan to address more of these issues in
published guidance.
 Definition of Real Property and Qualifying Income for REIT
Purposes. A taxpayer must satisfy certain asset and income requirements
to qualify as a REIT under section 856. REITs have sought to invest in
various types of assets that are not directly addressed by the current
regulations or other published guidance. On May 14, 2014, Treasury and
the IRS published proposed regulations (79 FR 27508) to update and
clarify the definition of real property for REIT qualification
purposes, including guidance addressing whether a component of a larger
item is tested on its own or only as part of the larger item, the scope
of the asset to be tested, and whether certain intangible assets
qualify as real property. Treasury and the IRS plan to finalize the
proposed regulations in the fiscal year. Treasury and the IRS also plan
to provide guidance clarifying the definition of income for purposes of
section 856.
 Corporate Spin-offs and Split-offs. Section 355 and related
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code allow for the tax-free
distribution of stock or securities of a controlled corporation if
certain requirements are met. For example, the distributing corporation
must distribute a controlling interest in the controlled corporation,
and both the distributing and controlled corporations must be engaged
in the active conduct of a trade or business immediately after the
distribution. The Treasury Department and the IRS intend to provide
guidance on the qualification of a distribution for tax-free treatment
under section 355, including (1) final regulations that address when a
corporation is treated as engaged in an active trade or business, and
(2) final regulations that define predecessor or successor corporation
for purposes of the exception to tax-free treatment under section
355(e). The Treasury Department and the IRS also intend to provide
guidance relating to the tax treatment of other transactions undertaken
as part of a plan that includes a distribution of stock or securities
of a controlled corporation, such as changes to the voting power of the
controlled corporation's stock in anticipation of the distribution, the
issuance of debt of the distributing corporation and retirement of such
debt using stock or securities of the controlled corporation, and the
transfer of cash or property between a distributing or controlled
corporation and its shareholder(s) in connection with the distribution.
 Disguised Sale and Allocation of Liabilities. A contribution of
property by a partner to a partnership may be recharacterized as a sale
under section 707(a)(2)(B) if the partnership distributes to the
contributing partner cash or other property that is, in substance,
consideration for the contribution. The allocation of partnership
liabilities to the partners under section 752 may impact the
determination of whether a disguised sale has occurred and whether gain
is otherwise recognized upon a distribution. Treasury and the IRS
issued proposed regulations to address certain issues that arise in the
disguised sale context and other issues regarding the partners' shares
of partnership liabilities. Treasury and the IRS are considering
comments on the proposed regulations and expect to issue regulations in
fiscal year 2015.
 Certain Partnership Distributions Treated as Sales or Exchanges. In
1954, Congress enacted section 751 to prevent the use of a partnership
to convert potential ordinary income into capital gain. In 1956,
Treasury and the IRS issued regulations implementing section 751. The
current regulations, however, do not always achieve the purpose of the
statute. In 2006, Treasury and the IRS published Notice 2006-14 (2006-1
CB 498) to propose and solicit alternative approaches to section 751
that better achieve the purpose of the statute while providing greater
simplicity. Treasury and the IRS are currently working on proposed
regulations following up on Notice 2006-14. These regulations will
provide guidance on determining a partner's interest in a partnership's
section 751 property and how a partnership recognizes income required
by section 751.
 Penalties and Limitation Periods. Congress amended several penalty
provisions in the Internal Revenue Code in the past several years.
Treasury and the IRS intend to publish a number of guidance projects in
fiscal year 2015 addressing these penalty provisions. Specifically,
Treasury and the IRS intend to publish final regulations under section
6708 regarding the penalty for failure to make available upon request a
list of advisees that is required to be maintained under section 6112.
The proposed regulations were published on March 8, 2013. Treasury and
the IRS also intend to publish proposed regulations under sections
6662, 6662A, and 6664 to provide further guidance on the circumstances
under which a taxpayer could be subject to the accuracy related penalty
on underpayments or reportable transaction understatements and the
reasonable cause exception. Further, Treasury and the IRS intend to
publish (1) final regulations under section 6501(c)(10) regarding the
extension of

[[Page 76607]]

the period of limitations to assess any tax with respect to a listed
transaction that was not disclosed as required under section 6011, and
(2) proposed regulations under section 6707A addressing statutory
changes to the method of computing the penalty for failure to disclose
reportable transactions.
 Inversion Transactions. On September 22, 2014, Treasury and the IRS
issued Notice 2014-52, addressing the application of sections 7874 and
367 to inversions, as well as certain tax avoidance transactions that
are undertaken after an inversion transaction. In this fiscal year,
Treasury and the IRS expect to issue regulations implementing the rules
described in Notice 2014-52. Also in this fiscal year, Treasury and the
IRS expect to issue additional guidance to further limit inversion
transactions that are contrary to the purposes of section 7874 and the
benefits of post-inversion tax avoidance transactions. In addition,
under the terms of the statute, section 7874 will not apply to an
inversion if the post-transaction group has substantial business
activities in the country in which the foreign acquiring corporation is
organized when compared to the total business activities of the group.
On June 7, 2012, Treasury and the IRS issued temporary regulations
regarding the determination of whether a group satisfies the
substantial business activities test. During fiscal year 2015, Treasury
and the IRS intend to finalize these regulations.
 Information Reporting for Foreign Accounts of U.S. Persons. In
March 2010, chapter 4 (sections 1471 to 1474) was added to subtitle A
of the Internal Revenue Code as part of the Hiring Incentives to
Restore Employment Act (HIRE Act) (Pub. L. 111-147). Chapter 4 was
enacted to address concerns with offshore tax evasion by U.S. citizens
and residents and generally requires foreign financial institutions
(FFIs) to enter into an agreement (FFI Agreement) with the IRS to
report information regarding financial accounts of U.S. persons and
certain foreign entities with significant U.S. ownership. An FFI that
does not enter into an FFI Agreement, or that is not otherwise deemed
compliant with FATCA, generally will be subject to a withholding tax on
the gross amount of certain payments from U.S. sources. The Treasury
Department and the IRS have issued proposed, temporary, and final
regulations under chapter 4; and proposed and temporary regulations
under chapters 3 and 61, and section 3406, to coordinate with those
chapter 4 regulations; as well as implementing revenue procedures and
other guidance. The Treasury Department and the IRS expect to issue
further guidance with respect to FATCA and related provisions in this
fiscal year.
 Withholding on Certain Dividend Equivalent Payments on Certain
Equity Derivatives. The HIRE Act also added section 871(l) to the Code
(now section 871(m)), which designates certain substitute dividend
payments in security lending and sale-repurchase transactions and
dividend-referenced payments made under certain notional principal
contracts as U.S.-source dividends for Federal tax purposes. In
response to this legislation, on May 20, 2010, the IRS issued Notice
2010-46, addressing the requirements for determining the proper
withholding in connection with substitute dividends paid in foreign-to-
foreign security lending and sale-repurchase transactions. On January
23, 2012, Treasury and the IRS issued temporary and proposed
regulations addressing cases in which dividend equivalents will be
found to arise in connection with notional principal contracts and
other financial derivatives. On December 5, 2013, Treasury and the IRS
released final regulations relating to the 2012 temporary and proposed
regulations. At the same time, Treasury and the IRS issued new proposed
regulations based on comments received with respect to the 2012
proposed regulations. Treasury and the IRS expect to finalize these
regulations in this fiscal year.
 International Tax Provisions of the Education Jobs and Medicaid
Assistance Act. On August 10, 2010, the Education Jobs and Medicaid
Assistance Act of 2010 (EJMAA) (Pub. L. 111-226) was signed into law.
The law includes a significant package of international tax provisions,
including limitations on the availability of foreign tax credits in
certain cases in which U.S. tax law and foreign tax law provide
different rules for recognizing income and gain, and in cases in which
income items treated as foreign source under certain tax treaties would
otherwise be sourced in the United States. The legislation also limits
the ability of multinationals to reduce their U.S. tax burdens by using
a provision intended to prevent corporations from avoiding U.S. income
tax on repatriated corporate earnings. Other new provisions under this
legislation limit the ability of multinational corporations to use
acquisitions of related party stock to avoid U.S. tax on what would
otherwise be taxable distributions of dividends. The statute also
includes a new provision intended to tighten the rules under which
interest expense is allocated between U.S.- and foreign-source income
within multinational groups of related corporations when a foreign
corporation has significant amounts of U.S.-source income that is
effectively connected with a U.S. business. Treasury and the IRS
published temporary and proposed regulations addressing foreign tax
credits under section 909 in 2012, published temporary and proposed
regulations in 2012 and final regulations in 2014 updating the interest
allocation regulations to conform to the 2010 amendments to section
864(e)(5)(A), and issued two notices providing guidance under section
901(m) in 2014. Treasury and the IRS expect to issue additional
guidance on EJMAA in this fiscal year, including additional guidance
under section 901(m), final regulations under section 909, and
temporary and proposed regulations under section 304(b)(5)(B).
 Transfers of Intangibles to Foreign Corporations. Section 367(d) of
the Internal Revenue Code requires, except as provided in regulations,
a U.S. person who transfers intangible property to a foreign
corporation in an exchange described in section 351 or section 361 of
the Code to treat the transfer as a sale for payments which are
contingent upon the productivity, use, or disposition of such property,
and to take into account amounts which reasonably reflect the amounts
which would have been received annually in the form of such payments
over the useful life of such property, or at the time of the
disposition of the property. The amounts so taken into account must be
commensurate with the income attributable to the intangible. Under
existing temporary regulations issued in 1986, section 367(d) is made
inapplicable to the transfer of ``foreign goodwill or going concern
value,'' as defined in the regulations. The existing regulations
provide general guidance regarding the application of section 367(d),
although controversy regarding the application of section 367(d) to
certain transfers led the Treasury and the IRS to publish Notice 2012-
39 on July 13, 2012. Treasury and the IRS intend to issue additional
guidance in this fiscal year to reduce uncertainty and controversy in
this area.
 Section 501(c) guidance. After reviewing over 150,000 comments
submitted on the proposed regulations under section 501(c)(4) published
in fiscal year 2014, Treasury and the IRS plan to issue revised
proposed regulations that provide guidance under section 501(c)
relating to limitations on political campaign activities of certain
tax-exempt organizations.

[[Page 76608]]

Guidance responding to the SEC's money market reform rule. On July
23, 2014, the SEC adopted a final rule to reduce the systemic risk that
money market funds present to the national economy. Later that day, IRS
and the Treasury Department issued simplifying guidance designed to
ameliorate the tax compliance difficulties that the SEC rule would
otherwise pose to certain money market funds and their shareholders. In
fiscal year 2015, the Treasury Department and the IRS intend to
finalize the portion of this simplifying guidance that is only
proposed.
 Guidance Relating to Publicly Traded Partnerships. Section 7704 of
the Internal Revenue Code provides that a partnership whose interests
are traded on either an established securities market or on a secondary
market (a ``publicly traded partnership'') is generally treated as a
corporation for Federal tax purposes. However, section 7704(c) permits
publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for Federal
tax purposes if 90 percent or more of partnership income consists of
``qualifying income.'' Section 7704(d) provides that income is
generally qualifying income if it is passive income or is derived from
exploration, development, mining or production, processing, refining,
transportation, or marketing of a mineral or natural resource.
Legislative history accompanying section 7704(d) provides little
insight into the intended scope of this natural resource exception, and
no administrative guidance has been issued. As technologies and
commercial practices in the natural resource industries have evolved,
uncertainty has arisen about the proper interpretation of the natural
resource exception. Treasury and the IRS intend to issue guidance in
this fiscal year to reduce uncertainty in this area.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
 As chief administrator of the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) is responsible for developing and
implementing regulations that are the core of the Department's anti-
money laundering and counter-terrorism financing efforts. FinCEN's
responsibilities and objectives are linked to, and flow from, that
role. In fulfilling this role, FinCEN seeks to enhance U.S. national
security by making the financial system increasingly resistant to abuse
by money launderers, terrorists and their financial supporters, and
other perpetrators of crime.
 The Secretary of the Treasury, through FinCEN, is authorized by the
BSA to issue regulations requiring financial institutions to file
reports and keep records that are determined to have a high degree of
usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory matters or in the conduct of
intelligence or counter-intelligence activities to protect against
international terrorism. The BSA also authorizes requiring designated
financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs and
compliance procedures. To implement and realize its mission, FinCEN has
established regulatory objectives and priorities to safeguard the
financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including
terrorist financing, money laundering, and other illicit activity.
These objectives and priorities include: (1) issuing, interpreting, and
enforcing compliance with regulations implementing the BSA; (2)
supporting, working with, and as appropriate, overseeing compliance
examination functions delegated to other Federal regulators; (3)
managing the collection, processing, storage, and dissemination of data
related to the BSA; (4) maintaining a government-wide access service to
that same data and for network users with overlapping interests; (5)
conducting analysis in support of policymakers, law enforcement,
regulatory and intelligence agencies, and the financial sector; and (6)
coordinating with and collaborating on anti-terrorism and anti-money
laundering initiatives with domestic law enforcement and intelligence
agencies, as well as foreign financial intelligence units.
 During fiscal year 2014, FinCEN issued the following regulatory
actions:
 Amendments to the Definitions of Funds Transfer and Transmittal of
Funds in the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) Regulations. On December 5, 2013,
FinCEN issued a Final Rule jointly with the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System amending the regulatory definitions of ``funds
transfer'' and ``transmittal of funds'' under the regulations
implementing the BSA. The changes maintain the existing scope to the
definitions and were necessary in light of changes to the Electronic
Fund Transfer Act that would have resulted in certain currently covered
transactions being excluded from BSA requirements.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program and Suspicious Activity Reporting
(SAR) Requirements for Housing Government-Sponsored Enterprises. On
February 25, 2014, FinCEN issued a Final Rule defining certain housing
government-sponsored enterprises as financial institutions for the
purpose of requiring them to establish anti-money laundering programs
and report suspicious activity to FinCEN pursuant to the BSA.
 Imposition of Special Measure against FBME Bank Ltd., formerly
known as Federal Bank of the Middle East, Ltd., as a Financial
Institution of Primary Money Laundering Concern. On July 22, 2014,
FinCEN issued a finding that FBME Bank Ltd. (FBME) is a financial
institution operating outside of the United States that is of primary
money laundering concern under section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act. On
July 22, 2014, FinCEN issued an NPRM to impose the fifth special
measure against the institution. The fifth special measure prohibits or
conditions the opening or maintaining of correspondent or payable-
through accounts for the designated institution by U.S. financial
institutions. In conjunction with the NPRM, FinCEN issued an order
imposing certain recordkeeping and reporting obligations on covered
financial institutions and principal money transmitters with respect to
transactions involving FBME.
 Customer Due Diligence Requirements. On August 4, 2014, FinCEN
issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to solicit public comment
on proposed rules under the BSA to clarify and strengthen customer due
diligence requirements for banks, brokers or dealers in securities,
mutual funds, and futures commission merchants and introducing brokers
in commodities. The proposed rules contain explicit customer due
diligence requirements and include a new regulatory requirement to
identify beneficial owners of legal entity customers, subject to
certain exemptions.
 Administrative Rulings and Written Guidance. FinCEN published 13
administrative rulings and written guidance pieces, and provided 45
responses to written inquiries/correspondence interpreting the BSA and
providing clarity to regulated industries.
 FinCEN's regulatory priorities for fiscal year 2015 include
finalizing any initiatives mentioned above that are not finalized by
fiscal year end, as well as the following in-process and potential
projects:
 Amendment to the BSA Regulations--Definition of Monetary
Instrument. On October 17, 2011, FinCEN published an NPRM regarding
international transport of prepaid access devices because of the
potential to substitute prepaid access for cash and other monetary
instruments as a means to smuggle the proceeds of illegal activity into
and out of the United States. FinCEN continues to consider the issue
based on comments

[[Page 76609]]

received and developments in the prepaid industry. FinCEN intends to
issue a supplemental NPRM to provide additional information for
consideration and comment by the public.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program and SAR Requirements for Investment
Advisers. FinCEN has drafted an NPRM that would prescribe minimum
standards for anti-money laundering programs to be established by
certain investment advisers and to require such investment advisers to
report suspicious activity to FinCEN. FinCEN has been working closely
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on issues related to the
draft NPRM.
 Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts. FinCEN has drafted
an NPRM to address requests from filers for clarification of certain
requirements regarding the Report of Foreign Bank and Financial
Accounts (FBAR) including requirements with respect to employees, who
have signature authority over, but no financial interest in, the
foreign financial accounts of their employers.
 Cross Border Electronic Transmittal of Funds. On September 27,
2010, FinCEN issued an NPRM in conjunction with the feasibility study
prepared pursuant to the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2004 concerning the issue of obtaining information about certain
cross-border funds transfers and transmittals of funds. As FinCEN has
continued to work on developing the system to receive, store, and use
this data, FinCEN has drafted a Supplemental NPRM to update the
previously published proposed rule and provide additional information
to those banks and money transmitters that will become subject to the
rule.
 Anti-Money Laundering Program Requirements for Banks Lacking a
Federal Functional Regulator. FinCEN has drafted an NPRM to remove the
anti-money laundering (AML) program exemption for banks that lack a
Federal functional regulator, including, but not limited to, private
banks, non-federally insured credit unions, and certain trust
companies. The proposed rule prescribes minimum standards for AML
programs and would ensure that all banks, regardless of whether they
are subject to Federal regulation and oversight, are required to
establish and implement AML programs.
 Amendments to the Definitions of Broker or Dealer in Securities.
FinCEN has drafted an NPRM that proposes amendments to the regulatory
definitions of broker or dealer in securities under the BSA
regulations. The proposed changes would expand the current scope of the
definitions to include funding portals and would require them to
implement policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with all of the BSA requirements that are currently
applicable to brokers or dealers in securities.
 Amendment to the Bank Secrecy Act Regulations--Registration,
Recordkeeping, and Reporting of Money Services Businesses. FinCEN is
considering issuing an NPRM to amend the requirements for money
services businesses with respect to registering with FinCEN and with
respect to the information reported during the registration process.
 Changes to the Travel and Recordkeeping Requirements for Funds
Transfers and Transmittals of Funds. FinCEN is considering changes to
require that more information be collected and maintained by financial
institutions on funds transfers and transmittals of funds and to lower
the threshold to $1,000 from $3,000, which would bring the United
States into greater compliance with several criteria in the Financial
Action Task Force (FATF) standards for cross-border wire transfers.
 Other Requirements. FinCEN also will continue to issue proposed and
final rules pursuant to section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act, as
appropriate. Finally, FinCEN expects that it may propose various
technical and other regulatory amendments in conjunction with its
ongoing, comprehensive review of existing regulations to enhance
regulatory efficiency, and as a result of the efforts of an interagency
task force currently focusing on improvements to the U.S. regulatory
framework for anti-money laundering.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
 The primary mission of the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (OCC) is to charter, regulate, and supervise all national
banks and Federal Savings Associations (FSAs). The agency also
supervises the Federal branches and agencies of foreign banks. The
OCC's goal in supervising the financial institutions subject to its
jurisdiction is to ensure that they operate in a safe and sound manner
and in compliance with laws requiring fair treatment of their customers
and fair access to credit and financial products.
 Significant rules issued during fiscal year 2014 include:
 Regulatory Capital Rules--Basel III (12 CFR parts 3, 5, 6, 165,
167). The OCC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(FRB) issued a final rule that revises the risk-based and leverage
capital requirements for banking organizations. (The Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) separately issued an interim final rule
that is substantively the same as the final rule issued by the OCC and
the FRB.) The final rule consolidates three separate proposed rules
that were published jointly by the OCC, FRB and FDIC (the banking
agencies) on August 30, 2012, 77 FR 52792, 52888, 52978, into one final
rule. The final rule implements a revised definition of regulatory
capital, a new common equity tier 1 minimum capital requirement, a
higher minimum tier 1 capital requirement, and, for banking
organizations subject to the advanced approaches risk-based capital
rules, a supplementary leverage ratio that incorporates a broader set
of exposures in the denominator. The final rule incorporates new
requirements into the banking agencies' prompt corrective action
framework and establishes limits on a banking organization's capital
distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking
organization does not hold a specified amount of common equity tier 1
capital in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-
based capital requirements. The final rule amends the methodologies for
determining risk-weighted assets for all banking organizations and
introduces disclosure requirements that would apply to top-tier banking
organizations domiciled in the United States with $50 billion or more
in total assets. The final rule also adopts changes required by the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Pub.
L. 111-203) (the Dodd-Frank Act) to implement more stringent capital
and leverage requirements and to replace regulatory references to
credit ratings with new creditworthiness measures. The final rule was
published on October 11, 2013, 78 FR 62018.
 Enhanced Supplementary Leverage Ratio (12 CFR part 3). The banking
agencies issued a final rule to strengthen the leverage ratio standards
for large, interconnected U.S. banking organizations. The rule applies
to any U.S. top-tier bank holding company (BHC) with at least $700
billion in total consolidated assets or at least $10 trillion in assets
under custody (covered BHC) and any insured depository institution
(IDI) subsidiary of these BHCs. In the Basel III final rule, the
banking agencies established a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of
3 percent (supplementary leverage ratio), consistent with the minimum

[[Page 76610]]

leverage ratio adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
for banking organizations subject to the advanced approaches risk-based
capital rules. In this final rule, the banking agencies establish a
``well capitalized'' threshold of 6 percent for the supplementary
leverage ratio for any IDI that is a subsidiary of a covered BHC, under
the agencies' prompt corrective action framework. The final rule was
issued on May 1, 2014, 79 FR 24528.
 Supplementary Leverage Ratio (12 CFR part 3). The banking agencies
issued a final rule to revise the denominator of the supplementary
leverage ratio (total leverage exposure) that the agencies adopted in
July 2013 as part of comprehensive revisions to the agencies'
regulatory capital rules (2013 capital rule). The rule revises the
treatment of on- and off-balance sheet exposures for purposes of
determining total leverage exposure, and more closely aligning the
agencies' rules on the calculation of total leverage exposure with
international leverage ratio standards. The proposed rule was issued on
May 1, 2014, 79 FR 24596. The final rule was issued on September 26,
2014, 79 FR 57725.
 Integration of National Bank and Federal Savings Association
Regulations: Licensing Rules (12 CFR parts 4, 5, 7, 14, 32, 34, 100,
116, 143, 144, 145, 146, 150, 152, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163, 174, 192,
193). The OCC issued a proposed rule to integrate its rules relating to
policies and procedures for corporate activities and transactions
involving national banks and FSAs. The proposed rule also revises some
of these rules in order to eliminate unnecessary requirements,
consistent with safety and soundness, and to make other technical and
conforming changes. The proposal also included amendments to update OCC
rules for agency organization and function. The proposed rule was
issued on June 10, 2014, 79 FR 33260.
 Assessment of Fees (12 CFR part 8). The OCC issued a final rule to
increase assessments for national banks and FSAs with assets of more
than $40 billion. The increase ranges between 0.32 percent and
approximately 14 percent, depending on the total assets of the
institution as reflected in its June 30, 2014, Consolidated Report of
Condition and Income. The average increase in assessments for affected
banks and FSAs will be 12 percent. The final rule will not increase
assessments for banks or FSAs with $40 billion or less in total assets.
The OCC will implement the increase in assessments by issuing an
amended Notice of Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Fees and
Assessments, which will become effective as of the semiannual
assessment due on September 30, 2014. In conjunction with the increase
in assessments, the final rule updates the OCC's assessment rule to
conform with section 318 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which reaffirmed the
authority of the Comptroller of the Currency to set the amount of, and
methodology for, assessments. The proposed rule was issued on April 28,
2014, 79 FR 23297. The final rule was issued on July 9, 2014 (79 FR
38769).
 Flood Insurance (12 CFR parts 22 and 172). The banking agencies,
Farm Credit Administration (FCA), and the National Credit Union
Administration (NCUA) proposed revisions to their regulations regarding
loans in areas having special flood hazards to implement provisions of
the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Biggert-Waters)
and the OCC issued a proposed rule to integrate its flood insurance
regulations for national banks, 12 CFR part 22, and FSAs, 12 CFR part
172. The proposed rule was issued on October 30, 2013, 78 FR 65108.
 OCC Guidelines Establishing Heightened Standards for Certain Large
Insured National Banks, Insured Federal Savings Associations, and
Insured Federal Branches; Integration of Regulations (12 CFR part 30).
The OCC issued a final rule adopting new Guidelines as an appendix to
its safety and soundness standards regulations that establish minimum
standards for the design and implementation of a risk governance
framework for large insured national banks, insured FSAs, and insured
Federal branches of foreign banks with average total consolidated
assets of $50 billion or more and minimum standards for a board of
directors in overseeing the framework's design and implementation. The
standards contained in the Guidelines are enforceable by the terms of a
Federal statute that authorizes the OCC to prescribe operational and
managerial standards for national banks and FSAs. The proposed rule was
issued on January 27, 2014, 79 FR 4282. The final rule was issued on
September 11, 2014, 79 FR 54518.
 Appraisals for Higher-Risk Mortgages (12 CFR parts 34, 164). The
banking agencies, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB),
Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), and the NCUA, issued a final
rule on February 13, 2013, 78 FR 10368, to amend Regulation Z and its
official interpretation. The rule revised Regulation Z to implement a
new Truth in Lending Act (TILA) provision requiring appraisals for any
``higher-risk mortgage'' that was added to TILA as part of the Dodd-
Frank Act. For mortgages with an annual percentage rate that exceeds
market-based prime mortgage rate benchmarks by a specified percentage,
the rule generally requires creditors to obtain an appraisal or
appraisals meeting certain specified standards, provide applicants with
a notification regarding the use of the appraisals, and give applicants
a copy of the written appraisals used. The agencies issued a
supplemental rule that would exempt from the requirements of the final
rule: (i) transactions secured by existing manufactured homes and not
land; (ii) certain streamlined refinancings; and (iii) transactions of
$25,000 or less. The supplemental final rule was issued on December 26,
2013, 78 FR 78520.
 Appraisal Management Companies (12 CFR part 34). The banking
agencies, FHFA, NCUA and CFPB, issued a proposed rule that would set
minimum standards for state registration and regulation of appraisal
management companies. The rule would implement the minimum requirements
in section 1473 of the Dodd-Frank Act to be applied by states in the
registration of appraisal management companies. It also would implement
the requirement in section 1473 of the Dodd-Frank Act for States to
report to the Appraisal Subcommittee (ASC) of the Federal Financial
Institutions Examination Council the information needed by the ASC to
administer the national registry of appraisal management companies. The
proposed rule was issued on April 9, 2014, 79 FR 19521.
 Prohibition and Restrictions on Proprietary Trading and Certain
Interests In, and Relationships with, Hedge Funds and Private Equity
Funds (12 CFR part 44). The banking agencies, the Securities & Exchange
Commission (SEC), and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)
issued final rules to implement section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act,
which contains certain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of
banking entities and nonbank financial companies supervised by the FRB
to engage in proprietary trading and have certain investments in, or
relationships with, hedge funds or private equity funds. The final rule
was issued on January 31, 2014, 79 FR 5536.
 Treatment of Certain Collateralized Debt Obligations Backed
Primarily by Trust Preferred Securities With Regard to Prohibitions and
Restrictions on Certain Interests in, and Relationships With, Hedge
Funds and Private Equity Funds (12 CFR part 44). The banking agencies,
the CFTC, and the SEC issued an interim final rule that would permit

[[Page 76611]]

banking entities to retain investments in certain pooled investment
vehicles that invested their offering proceeds primarily in certain
securities issued by community banking organizations of the type
grandfathered under section 171 of the Dodd-Frank Act. The interim
final rule was issued on January 31, 2014, 79 FR 5223.
 Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (12 CFR
part 45). The banking agencies, FCA, and the FHFA issued a proposed
rule to establish minimum margin and capital requirements for
registered swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap
dealers, and major security-based swap participants for which one of
the agencies is the prudential regulator. The proposed rule will
implement sections 731 and 764 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which require the
agencies to adopt rules jointly to establish capital requirements and
initial and variation margin requirements for such entities on all non-
cleared swaps and non-cleared security-based swaps in order to offset
the greater risk to such entities and the financial system arising from
the use of swaps and security-based swaps that are not cleared. The
proposed rule was issued on September 24, 2014, 79 FR 57347).
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (12 CFR 50). The banking agencies issued a
final rule to implement a quantitative liquidity requirement consistent
with the liquidity coverage ratio standard established by the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision. The requirement is designed to
promote improvements in the measurement and management of liquidity
risk. The final rule applies to all internationally active banking
organizations, that is, banking organizations with more than $250
billion in total assets or more than $10 billion in on-balance sheet
foreign exposure, and to consolidated subsidiary depository
institutions of internationally active banking organizations with $10
billion or more in total consolidated assets. The proposed rule was
issued on November 29, 2013, 78 FR 71818. The final rule was issued on
October 10, 2014, 79 FR 61439.
 Regulatory Publication and Review Under the Economic Growth and
Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (12 CFR chapter I). The
banking agencies are conducting a review of the regulations they have
issued to identify outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome
regulations for insured depository institutions. This review is
required by section 2222 of the Economic Growth and Regulatory
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (EGRPRA). The first of four Federal
Register requests for comment was issued on June 4, 2014, 79 FR 32172.
 Regulatory priorities for fiscal year 2015 include finalizing the
proposals and interim final rules listed above as well as the following
rulemakings:
 Flood Insurance (12 CFR parts 22 and 172). The banking agencies,
FCA, and NCUA plan to issue a proposed rule to amend their regulations
regarding loans in areas having special flood hazards to implement
certain provisions of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act
of 2014 (HFIAA), which amends some of the changes to the Flood Disaster
Protection Act of 1973 mandated by Biggert-Waters. The proposal would
establish requirements with respect to the escrow of flood insurance
payments, consistent with the changes set forth in HFIAA. The proposal
also would implement an exclusion in HFIAA for certain detached
structures from the mandatory flood insurance purchase requirement.
 Automated Valuation Models (Parts 34, 164). The banking agencies,
NCUA, FHFA and CFPB, in consultation with the Appraisal Subcommittee
and the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Foundation, are
required to promulgate regulations to implement quality-control
standards required for automated valuation models. Section 1473(q) of
the Dodd-Frank Act requires that automated valuation models used to
estimate collateral value for mortgage lending comply with quality-
control standards designed to: ensure a high level of confidence in the
estimates produced by automated valuation models; protect against
manipulation of data; seek to avoid conflicts of interest; require
random sample testing and reviews and account for other factors the
agencies deem appropriate. The agencies plan to issue a proposed rule
to implement the requirement for quality-control standards.
 Incentive-Based Compensation Arrangements (12 CFR part 42). Section
956 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires the banking agencies, NCUA, SEC, and
FHFA, to jointly prescribe regulations or guidance prohibiting any type
of incentive-based payment arrangement, or any feature of any such
arrangement, that the regulators determine encourages inappropriate
risks by covered financial institutions by providing an executive
officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive
compensation, fees or benefits, or that could lead to material
financial loss to the covered financial institution. The Dodd-Frank Act
also requires such agencies to jointly prescribe regulations or
guidance requiring each covered financial institution to disclose to
its regulator the structure of all incentive-based compensation
arrangements offered by such institution sufficient to determine
whether the compensation structure provides any officer, employee,
director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation or could
lead to material financial loss to the institution. The proposed rule
was issued on April 14, 2011, 76 FR 21170. Work on a final rule is
underway.
 Credit Risk Retention (12 CFR part 43). The banking agencies, SEC,
FHFA, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development proposed
rules to implement the credit risk retention requirements of section
15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o-11), as added
by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Section 15G generally requires
the securitizer of asset-backed securities to retain not less than 5
percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing the asset-
backed securities. Section 15G includes a variety of exemptions from
these requirements, including an exemption for asset-backed securities
that are collateralized exclusively by residential mortgages that
qualify as ``qualified residential mortgages,'' as such term is defined
by the agencies by rule. The proposal was issued on September 20, 2013,
78 FR 57928. Work on a final rule is underway.
 Source of Strength (12 CFR part 47). The banking agencies plan to
issue a proposed rule to implement section 616(d) of the Dodd-Frank
Act. Section 616(d) requires that bank holding companies, savings and
loan holding companies and companies that directly or indirectly
control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength
for the insured depository institution. The appropriate Federal banking
agency for the insured depository institution may require that the
company submit a report that would assess the company's ability to
comply with the provisions of the statute and its compliance.

Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Office

The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (TRIA) was signed into law
on November 26, 2002. The law, which was enacted as a consequence of
the events of September 11, 2001, established a temporary Federal
reinsurance program under which the Federal Government shares the risk
of losses associated with certain types of terrorist acts with
commercial property and casualty insurers. The Act, originally
scheduled

[[Page 76612]]

to expire on December 31, 2005, was extended to December 31, 2007, by
the Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act of 2005 (TRIEA). The Act has
since been extended to December 31, 2014, by the Terrorism Risk
Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (TRIPRA). Congress is
currently considering extending the Act for an additional period of
time.
 The Office of the Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions is
responsible for developing and promulgating regulations implementing
TRIA, as extended and amended by TRIEA and TRIPRA. The Terrorism Risk
Insurance Program Office, which is part of the Office of the Assistant
Secretary for Financial Institutions, is responsible for operational
implementation of TRIA. The purposes of this legislation are to address
market disruptions, ensure the continued widespread availability and
affordability of commercial property and casualty insurance for
terrorism risk, and to allow for a transition period for the private
markets to stabilize and build capacity while preserving State
insurance regulation and consumer protections.
 In the event Congress extends the Program Treasury will continue
the ongoing work of implementing TRIA and any changes contained in the
extension of the Act.
BILLING CODE 4810-25-P

DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) administers benefit
programs that recognize the important public obligations to those who
served this Nation. VA's regulatory responsibility is almost solely
confined to carrying out mandates of the laws enacted by Congress
relating to programs for veterans and their families. VA's major
regulatory objective is to implement these laws with fairness, justice,
and efficiency.
 Most of the regulations issued by VA involve at least one of three
VA components: The Veterans Benefits Administration, the Veterans
Health Administration, and the National Cemetery Administration. The
primary mission of the Veterans Benefits Administration is to provide
high-quality and timely nonmedical benefits to eligible veterans and
their dependents. The primary mission of the Veterans Health
Administration is to provide high-quality health care on a timely basis
to eligible veterans through its system of medical centers, nursing
homes, domiciliaries, and outpatient medical and dental facilities. The
primary mission of the National Cemetery Administration is to bury
eligible veterans, members of the Reserve components, and their
dependents in VA National Cemeteries and to maintain those cemeteries
as national shrines in perpetuity as a final tribute of a grateful
Nation to commemorate their service and sacrifice to our Nation.

VA Regulatory Priorities

VA's regulatory priorities include a special project to undertake a
comprehensive review and improvement of its existing regulations. The
first portion of this project is devoted to reviewing, reorganizing,
and rewriting the VA's compensation and pension regulations found in 38
CFR part 3. The goal of the Regulation Rewrite Project is to improve
the clarity and consistency of these regulations to make them easier to
find, read, understand, and apply.
 A second VA regulatory priority is to implement title I of the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, which was
signed into law on August 7, 2014. The purpose of the new law is to
establish a program to furnish hospital care and medical services
through non-VA health care providers to veterans who either cannot be
seen within VA's wait time goals or who live far from any VA medical
facility. The statute requires that VA publish an interim final rule by
November 5, 2014, and VA met this deadline when we published AP24,
Expanded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program.
 A third VA regulatory priority is to codify Section 707 of the Act,
which gives the Secretary more authority to dismiss members of the
Senior Executive Service based on performance or misconduct. As VA
announced on October 6, 2014, the Secretary is already implementing
that provision. To codify the new statute into the Code of Federal
Regulations, VA plans to publish a rulemaking, AP30, Changes to
Expedited Senior Executive Removal Authority, as an interim final rule.
 VA is also drafting regulation AP29 to implement Section 702 of the
Act which requires that public colleges charge in-state tuition for
veterans under certain circumstances.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. The final agency plans can be found
at: http://www.va.gov/ORPM/docs/RegMgmt_VA_EO13563_RegRevPlan20110810.docx.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Significantly reduce burdens
 RIN Title on small businesses
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2900-AO13*............. VA Compensation No
 and Pension
 Regulation
 Rewrite Project.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Consolidating Proposed Rules: 2900-AL67, AL70, AL71, AL72, AL74, AL76,
 AL82, AL83, AL84, AL87, AL88, AL89, AL94, AL95, AM01, AM04, AM05,
 AM06, AM07, AM16.


VA

Final Rule Stage

121. Expedited Senior Executive Removal Authority

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 113-146 (title VII, sec 707).
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: VA will amend its regulations to provide that the
Secretary may immediately remove or demote any individual from the
Senior Executive Service (SES), and title 38 SES equivalents, if the
Secretary determines the performance of the individual warrants such
removal. The senior executive would be allowed an opportunity for an
expedited review by

[[Page 76613]]

the MSPB be conducted by an Administrative Judge at the MSPB, and if
the MSPB Administrative Judge does not conclude their review within 21
days then the removal or demotion is final. (MSPB is conducting a
rulemaking to establish and implement a process to conduct expedited
reviews.)
 VA regulations would also state that if the senior executive is
removed, and then appeals VA's decision, the senior executive is not
entitled to any type of pay, bonus, or benefit while appealing the
decision of removal. Also, VA regulations would state that if a senior
executive is demoted, and then appeals VA's decision, the employee may
only receive any type of pay, bonus, or benefit at the rate appropriate
for the position they were demoted to, and only if the individual shows
up for duty, while appealing the decision of demotion.
 VA regulations would also include ``misconduct'' along with ``poor
performance'' as a reason to remove or demote a senior executive.
 Statement of Need:
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 707 of the Veterans Access, Choice,
and Accountability Act of 2014, which was signed into law on August 7,
2014, gives the Secretary more authority to dismiss members of the
Senior Executive Service based on performance or misconduct. As VA
announced on October 6, 2014, the Secretary is already implementing
that provision. To codify the new statute into the Code of Federal
Regulations, VA plans to publish a rulemaking as an interim final rule.
 Alternatives:
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits:
 Risks:
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information: www.regulations.gov.
 URL For Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Kimberly McLeod, Deputy Assistant General Counsel,
Department of Veterans Affairs, 810 Vermont Avenue NW., DC 20420,
Phone: 202 461-7630.
 RIN: 2900-AP30
BILLING CODE 8320-01-P

ARCHITECTURAL AND TRANSPORTATION BARRIERS COMPLIANCE BOARD

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
(Access Board) is an independent federal agency established by section
502 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 792). The Access Board is
responsible for developing accessibility guidelines and standards under
various laws to ensure that individuals with disabilities have access
to and use of buildings and facilities, transportation vehicles,
information and communication technology, and medical diagnostic
equipment. Other Federal agencies adopt the accessibility guidelines
and standards issued by the Access Board as mandatory requirements for
entities under their jurisdiction.
 This plan highlights five rulemaking priorities for the Access
Board in FY 2015: (A) Information and Communication Technology
Accessibility Standards and Guidelines; (B) Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for Transportation Vehicles; (C)
Medical Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards; (D) Accessibility
Guidelines for Pedestrian Facilities in the Public Right-of-Way; and
(E) Americans with Disabilities (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Passenger Vessels. The guidelines and standards would enable
individuals with disabilities to achieve greater participation in our
society, independent living, and economic self-sufficiency, and would
promote our national values of equity, human dignity, and fairness, the
benefits of which are difficult to quantify.
 The rulemakings are summarized below.

A. Information and Communication Technology Accessibility Standards and
Guidelines (RIN: 3014-AA37)

This rulemaking would update in a single document the accessibility
standards for electronic and information technology covered by section
508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d)
(Section 508), and the accessibility guidelines for telecommunications
equipment and customer premises equipment covered by section 255 of the
Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 255) (Section 255). Section 508
requires the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council (FAR Council) and
each appropriate Federal department or agency to revise their
procurement policies and directives no later than 6 months after the
Access Board's publication of standards. The FAR Council has
incorporated the accessibility standards for electronic and information
technology in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1).
Under Section 255, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is
responsible for issuing implementing regulations and enforcing Section
255. The FCC has promulgated enforceable standards (47 CFR parts 6 and
7) implementing Section 255 that are consistent with the Access Board's
accessibility guidelines for telecommunications equipment and customer
premises equipment.
 The Access Board's 2010 ANPRM included a proposal to amend Section
220 of the Americans with Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines
(ADAAG), but, based on public comments, the ADAAG proposal is no longer
included in this rulemaking and will be pursued separately at a later
date.
 A.1. Statement of Need: The Access Board issued the Electronic and
Information Technology Accessibility Standards in 2000 (65 FR 80500,
December 21, 2000), and the Telecommunications Act Accessibility
Guidelines for telecommunications equipment and customer premises
equipment in 1998 (63 FR 5608, February 3, 1998). Since the standards
and the guidelines were issued, technology has evolved and changed.
Telecommunications products and electronic and information technology
products have converged. For example, smartphones can perform many of
the same functions as computers. Real time text technologies and video
relay services are replacing TTY's (text telephones). The Access Board
is updating the standards and guidelines together to address changes in
technology and to make them consistent.
 A.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 508 and Section 255
require the Access Board to develop accessibility standards for
electronic and information technology and accessibility guidelines for
telecommunications equipment and customer premises equipment, and to
periodically review and update the standards and guidelines to reflect
technological advances and changes.
 Section 508 requires that when developing, procuring, maintaining,
or using electronic and information technology, each Federal department
or agency must ensure, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the
department or agency, that electronic and information technology
(regardless of the type of medium) allows individuals with disabilities
to have access to and use of information and

[[Page 76614]]

data that is comparable to the access and use of the information and
data by others without disabilities. Section 255 requires
telecommunications manufacturers to ensure that telecommunications
equipment and customer premises equipment are designed, developed, and
fabricated to be accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities when it is readily achievable to do so.
 A.3. Alternatives: The Access Board established a
Telecommunications and Electronic and Information Technology Advisory
Committee to recommend changes to the existing standards and
guidelines. The advisory committee was comprised of a broad cross-
section of stakeholders, including representatives from industry,
disability groups, and government agencies from the U.S., the European
Commission, Canada, Australia, and Japan. Recognizing the importance of
standardization across markets worldwide, the advisory committee
coordinated its work with standard-setting bodies in the U.S. and
abroad, such as the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The Access Board
published Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs) in the
Federal Register in 2010 and 2011 requesting public comments on draft
updates to the standards and guidelines (75 FR 13457, March 22, 2010;
and 76 FR 76640, December 8, 2011). The Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
(NPRM) will be based on the advisory committee's report and public
comments on the ANPRMs.
 The Access Board expects that the Information and Communication
Technology Standards and Guidelines will have international influence,
and has engaged extensive outreach efforts to standard-setting bodies
in the U.S. and abroad such as the World Wide Web Consortium and to
other countries, including the European Commission, Canada, Australia,
and Japan.
 A.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board is working
with a contractor to assess costs and benefits and prepare a
preliminary regulatory impact assessment to accompany the NPRM.
Baseline cost estimates of complying with Section 508 and Section 255
are made, and incremental costs due to the revised or new requirements
are estimated for federal agencies and telecommunications equipment
manufacturers. Anticipated benefits are also numerous, including hard-
to quantify benefits such as increased ability for people with
disabilities to obtain information and conduct transactions
electronically. The preliminary regulatory impact assessment will be
available at www.access-board.gov once the NPRM is published.

B. Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Transportation Vehicles (RIN: 3014-AA38)

This rulemaking would update the accessibility guidelines for
buses, over-the-road buses, and vans covered by the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA). The accessibility guidelines for other
transportation vehicles covered by the ADA, including vehicles operated
in fixed guideway systems (e.g., rapid rail, light rail, commuter rail,
high speed rail and intercity rail) would be updated in a future
rulemaking. The guidelines ensure that transportation vehicles covered
by the ADA are readily accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities. The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) has issued
enforceable standards (49 CFR part 37) that apply to the acquisition of
new, used, and remanufactured transportation vehicles, and the
remanufacture of existing transportation vehicles covered by the ADA.
DOT is expected to update its standards in a separate rulemaking to be
consistent with the updated guidelines.
 B.1. Statement of Need: The Access Board issued the ADA
Accessibility Guidelines for Transportation Vehicles in 1991, and
amended the guidelines in 1998 to include additional requirements for
over-the-road buses. Level boarding bus systems were introduced in the
U.S. after the 1991 guidelines were issued. We are revising the 1991
guidelines to include new requirements for level boarding bus systems,
automated stop and route announcements, and other changes.
 B.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Title II of the ADA applies to
State and local governments and Title III of the ADA applies to places
of public accommodation operated by private entities. The ADA covers
designated public transportation services provided by State and local
governments and specified public transportation services provided by
private entities that are primarily engaged in the business of
transporting people and whose operations affect commerce. (See 42
U.S.C. 12141 to 12147 and 12184.) Bus rapid transit systems, including
level boarding bus systems, that provide public transportation
services, are covered by the ADA.
 The Access Board is required by the ADA and the Rehabilitation Act
to establish and maintain guidelines for the accessibility standards
adopted by DOT for transportation vehicles acquired or manufactured by
entities covered by the ADA. Compliance with the new guidelines is not
required until DOT revises its accessibility standards for
transportation vehicles acquired or remanufactured by entities covered
by the ADA to be consistent with the new guidelines.
 B.3. Alternatives: The Access Board issued a proposed rule to
revise the 1991 guidelines for buses, over-the-road buses, and vans in
2010. The proposed rule, comments on the proposed rule, correspondence
received after the close of the initial comment period, and records and
transcripts of meetings on the new ramp designs are available in the
rulemaking docket at:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=ATBCB-2010-0004. The final rule is
based on the NPRM
and public comments on the NPRM.
 B.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: Incremental compliance costs
are estimated for new requirements for over-the-road buses, such as
displaying the International Symbol of Accessibility on the window
adjacent to wheelchair spaces and displaying the destination or route
signs on the front as well as the boarding side of the vehicles. This
rulemaking would enable persons who have mobility disabilities, persons
who have difficulty hearing or are deaf, and persons who have
difficulty seeing or are blind to use transportation services. A full
regulatory impact analysis will be available at www.access-board.gov,
once the final rule is published.

C. Medical Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards (RIN: 3014-
AA40)

The Access Board plans to issue a final rule establishing
accessibility standards for medical diagnostic equipment used in or in
conjunction with medical settings such as physicians' offices, clinics,
emergency rooms, and hospitals. The standards will contain minimum
technical criteria to ensure that medical diagnostic equipment,
including examination tables, examination chairs, weight scales,
mammography equipment, and other imaging equipment used by health care
providers for diagnostic purposes are accessible to and usable by
individuals with disabilities. The Access Board published a NPRM in the
Federal Register in 2012, 77 FR 6916, February 9, 2012.
 C.1. Statement of Need: A national survey of a diverse sample of
individuals with a wide range of disabilities, including mobility and
sensory disabilities, showed that the respondents had difficulty
getting on and off examination tables and chairs,

[[Page 76615]]

radiology equipment and weight scales, and experienced problems with
physical comfort, safety and communication. Focus group studies of
individuals with disabilities also provided information on barriers
that affect the accessibility and usability of various types of medical
diagnostic equipment. The national survey and focus group studies are
discussed in the NPRM.
 C.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 4203 of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (Pub. L. 111-148, 124 Stat. 570)
amended Title V of the Rehabilitation Act, which establishes rights and
protections for individuals with disabilities, by adding section 510 to
the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794f) (Section 510). Section 510
requires the Access Board, in consultation with the Commissioner of the
Food and Drug Administration (FDA), to develop standards that contain
minimum technical criteria to ensure that medical diagnostic equipment
used in or in conjunction with medical settings such as physicians'
offices, clinics, emergency rooms, and hospitals are accessible to and
usable by individuals with disabilities.
 Section 510 does not address who is required to comply with the
standards. However, the Americans with Disabilities Act require health
care providers to provide individuals with disabilities full and equal
access to their health care services and facilities. The U.S.
Department of Justice (DOJ) is responsible for issuing regulations to
implement the Americans with Disabilities Act and enforcing the law.
The NPRM discusses DOJ activities related to health care providers and
medical diagnostic equipment.
 C.3. Alternatives: The Access Board worked with the FDA and DOJ in
developing the standards. The Access Board considered the Association
for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation's ANSI/AAMI HE 75:2009,
``Human factors engineering--Design of medical devices,'' which
includes recommended practices to provide accessibility for individuals
with disabilities. The Access Board also established a Medical
Diagnostic Equipment Accessibility Standards Advisory Committee that
included representatives from the disability community and
manufacturers of medical diagnostic equipment to make recommendations
on issues raised in public comments and responses to questions in the
NPRM. The final rule will be based on the public comments and
recommendations of the advisory committee.
 C.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board is working to
assess costs and benefits and prepare a preliminary regulatory impact
assessment to accompany the final rule. The standards would address
many of the barriers that have been identified as affecting the
accessibility and usability of diagnostic equipment by individuals with
disabilities. The standards would facilitate independent transfers by
individuals with disabilities onto and off of diagnostic equipment, and
enable them to maintain their independence, confidence, and dignity,
lessening the need for health care personnel to assist individuals with
disabilities when transferring on and off of diagnostic equipment. The
standards would improve the quality of health care for individuals with
disabilities and ensure that they receive examinations, diagnostic
procedures, and other health care services equivalent to those received
by individuals without disabilities.

D. Accessibility Guidelines for Pedestrian Facilities in the Public
Right-of-Way (RIN: 3014-AA26)

The rulemaking would establish accessibility guidelines to ensure
that sidewalks and pedestrian facilities in the public right-of-way are
accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities. A
Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking consolidated this rulemaking
with RIN 3014-AA41; accessibility guidelines for shared use paths
(which are multi-use paths designed primarily for use by bicyclists and
pedestrians, including persons with disabilities, for transportation
and recreation purposes). The U.S. Department of Justice, U.S.
Department of Transportation, and other Federal agencies are expected
to adopt the accessibility guidelines for pedestrian facilities in the
public right-of-way and for shared use paths, as enforceable standards
in separate rulemakings for the construction and alteration of
facilities covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act, and the Architectural Barriers Act.
 D.1. Statement of Need: While the Access Board has issued
accessibility guidelines for the design, construction, and alteration
of buildings and facilities covered by the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) and the Architectural Barriers Act (ABA) (36 CFR part 1191),
these guidelines were developed primarily for buildings and facilities
on sites. Some of the provisions in these guidelines can be readily
applied to pedestrian facilities in the public right-of-way such as
curb ramps. However, other provisions need to be adapted or new
provisions developed for pedestrian facilities that are built in the
public right-of-way as well as shared use paths.
 D.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Section 502(b)(3) of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 792(b)(3), requires
the Access Board to establish and maintain minimum guidelines for the
standards issued by other agencies pursuant to the ADA and ABA. In
addition, section 504 of the ADA, 42 U.S.C. 12204, required the Access
Board to issue accessibility guidelines for buildings and facilities
covered by that law.
 D.3. Alternatives: The Access Board established a Public Rights-of-
Way Access Advisory Committee to make recommendations for the
guidelines. The advisory committee was comprised of a broad cross-
section of stakeholders, including representatives for State and local
government agencies responsible for constructing facilities in the
public right-of-way, transportation engineers, disability groups, and
bicycling and pedestrian organizations. The Access Board released two
drafts of the guidelines for public comment and an NPRM based on the
advisory committee report and public comments on the draft guidelines.
The final rule will be based on the NPRM and public comments on the
NPRM.
 D.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The Access Board identified
four provisions in the NPRM that were expected to have more than
minimal monetary impacts on State and local governments. Three of these
four requirements are related to: (1) detectable warning surfaces on
newly constructed and altered curb ramps and blended transitions at
pedestrian street crossings; (2) accessible pedestrian signals and
pushbuttons when pedestrian signals are newly installed or replaced at
signalized intersections; and (3) pedestrian activated signals at
roundabouts with multi-lane pedestrian crossings. In addition, the
fourth requirement for provision of a two percent maximum cross slope
on pedestrian access routes within pedestrian street crossings with
yield or stop control was estimated to have more than minimal monetary
impacts on State and local governments when constructing roadways with
pedestrian crossings in hilly areas. The NPRM included questions
requesting information to assess the costs and benefits of these
provisions, as well as other provisions that may have cost impacts. The
Access Board will prepare a final regulatory impact assessment to
accompany the final rule based on

[[Page 76616]]

information provided in response to questions in the NPRM and other
sources.

E. Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) Accessibility Guidelines for
Passenger Vessels (RIN: 3014-AA11)

The rulemaking would establish accessibility guidelines to ensure
that newly constructed and altered passenger vessels covered by the
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) are accessible to and usable by
individuals with disabilities. The U.S. Department of Transportation
and U.S. Department of Justice are expected to adopt the guidelines as
enforceable standards in separate rulemakings for the construction and
alteration of passenger vessels covered by the ADA.
 E.1. Statement of Need: Section 504 of the ADA requires the Access
Board to issue accessibility guidelines for the construction and
alteration of passenger vessels covered by the law to ensure that the
vessels are readily accessible to and usable by individuals with
disabilities (42 U.S.C. 12204).
 E.2. Summary of the Legal Basis: Title II of the ADA applies to
State and local governments and title III of the ADA applies to places
of public accommodation operated by private entities. The ADA covers
designated public transportation services provided by State and local
governments and specified public transportation services provided by
private entities that are primarily engaged in the business of
transporting people and whose operations affect commerce. (See 42
U.S.C. 12141 to 12147 and 12184.)
 Titles II and III of the ADA require the DOT and DOJ to issue
accessibility standards for the construction and alteration of
passenger vessels covered by the law that are consistent with the
guidelines issued by the Access Board. (See 42 U.S.C. 12134(c),
12149(b), 12186(c).) The DOT has reserved a subpart in its ADA
regulations for accessibility standards for passenger vessels in
anticipation of the Access Board issuing these guidelines. (See 49 CFR
part 39, subpart E.) Once DOT and DOJ issue accessibility standards for
the construction and alteration of passenger vessels covered by the
ADA, vessel owners and operators are then required to comply with the
standards.
 E.3. Alternatives: In developing the proposed accessibility
guidelines, the Access Board has received and considered extensive
input from passenger vessel owners and operators, individuals with
disabilities, and other interested parties for more than a decade. The
Access Board convened an advisory committee comprised of passenger
vessel industry trade groups, passenger vessel owners and operators,
disability advocacy groups, and State and local government agencies to
advise how to develop the accessibility guidelines. The committee
submitted its report to the Access Board in 2000. In addition, over the
years, the Access Board issued an ANPRM and three versions of draft
accessibility guidelines and conducted in-depth case studies on various
passenger vessels. The Access Board solicited and analyzed public
comments on these documents in developing the proposed guidelines and
regulatory impact analysis. All the published documents together with
public comments are available at: http://www.access-board.gov.
 E.4. Anticipated Costs and Benefits: The proposed guidelines would
address the discriminatory effects of architectural, transportation,
and communication barriers encountered by individuals with disabilities
on passenger vessels. The estimated compliance costs for certain types
of vessels include: (1) the incremental impact of constructing a vessel
in compliance with the guidelines; and (2) any additional costs
attributable to the operation and maintenance of accessible features.
For certain large cruise ships, the compliance costs would include loss
of guest rooms and gross revenues attributed to a proposed requirement
for a minimum number of guest rooms that provide mobility features. The
proposed guidelines would significantly benefit individuals with
disabilities by affording them equal opportunity to travel on passenger
vessels for employment, transportation, public accommodation, and
leisure. Other benefits, which are difficult to quantify, include
equity, human dignity, and fairness values.
BILLING CODE 8150-01-P

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY (EPA)

Statement of Priorities

Overview

For more than 40 years, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) has worked to protect people's health and the environment. By
taking advantage of the best thinking, the newest technologies and the
most cost-effective, sustainable solutions, EPA has fostered innovation
and cleaned up pollution in the places where people live, work, play
and learn.
 With a renewed focus on the challenges ahead, science, law and
transparency continue to guide EPA decisions. EPA will leverage
resources with grant- and incentive-based programs, sound scientific
advice, technical and compliance assistance and tools that support
states, tribes, cities, towns, rural communities and the private sector
in their efforts to address our shared challenges, including:
 making a visible difference in communities across the
country;
 addressing climate change and improving air quality;
 taking action on toxics and chemical safety;
 protecting water: a precious, limited resource;
 launching a new era of state, tribal and local
partnership; and
 working toward a sustainable future.
 EPA and its federal, state, local, and community partners have made
enormous progress in protecting the nation's health and environment.
From reducing mercury and other toxic air pollution to reducing
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, doubling the fuel efficiency of our
cars and trucks, the Agency is working to save lives and protect the
environment. In addition, while removing a billion tons of pollution
from the air, the Agency has produced hundreds of billions of dollars
in benefits for the American people.

Highlights of EPA'S Regulatory Plan

EPA's more than forty years of protecting human health and the
environment demonstrates our nation's commitment to reducing pollution
that can threaten the air we breathe, the water we use and the
communities we live in. This Regulatory Plan contains information on
some of our most important upcoming regulatory actions. As always, our
Semiannual Regulatory Agenda contains information on a broader spectrum
of EPA's upcoming regulatory actions.
Six Guiding Priorities
 The EPA's success depends on supporting innovation and creativity
in both what we do and how we do it. To guide the agency's efforts, the
Agency has established several guiding priorities. These priorities are
enumerated in the list that follows, along with recent progress and
future objectives for each.
1. Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country
 Safe Disposal and Management of Coal Combustion Residuals. Coal
combustion residuals (CCRs), often referred to as coal ash, are
currently considered Bevill exempt wastes under the Resource
Conservation and

[[Page 76617]]

Recovery Act (RCRA). They are residues from the combustion of coal in
power plants and are captured by pollution control technologies, like
scrubbers. Potential environmental concerns from coal ash management
include groundwater contamination from leaking surface impoundments and
landfills and structural failures of surface impoundments. The need for
national criteria was emphasized by the December 2008 spill of coal ash
from a surface impoundment at the Tennessee Valley Authority's plant in
Kingston, TN. The tragic spill flooded more than 300 acres of land with
coal ash, which flowed into the Emory and Clinch rivers. On June 21,
2010, the EPA proposed to regulate for the first time coal ash to
address the risks from the management of these wastes that are
generated by electric utilities and independent power producers. The
Agency received over 450,000 comments on the proposal. Under a consent
decree, a final rule must be signed by the Administrator no later than
December 19, 2014.
 Environmental Justice in Rulemaking. The year 2014 represents the
20th anniversary of President Clinton's issuance of the Executive order
directing all Federal agencies to engage in a Governmentwide effort and
issue strategies to address environmental justice issues.
 EPA has made significant progress in areas critical to advancing
environmental justice and making a visible difference in communities,
including rulemaking, permitting, compliance and enforcement,
community-based programs and our work with other federal agencies. We
have developed the critical legal, science, and screening tools to help
support our efforts in working with and in communities.
2. Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality
 The Agency will continue to deploy existing regulatory tools where
appropriate and warranted. Addressing climate change calls for
coordinated national and global efforts to reduce emissions and develop
new technologies that can be deployed. Using the Clean Air Act, EPA
will continue to develop greenhouse gas standards for both mobile and
stationary sources.
 Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards for Power Plants. As part of the
President's Climate Action Plan, in September 2013, the EPA proposed
standards to limit carbon pollution from new power plants yet to be
built. This past June, we proposed carbon pollution standards for
existing power plants, the Clean Power Plan. We plan to finalize
standards for both new and existing plants in 2015. When finalized,
these standards and guidelines will establish achievable limits of
carbon pollution from future plants. By 2030 carbon emissions from
existing plants are estimated to be reduced by 30% from 2005 levels.
 Heavy-Duty Vehicles GHG Emission Standards. In 2011, in cooperation
with the Department of Transportation (DOT), EPA issued the first-ever
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles for model years 2014-2018.
In 2015, EPA and DOT will propose a second set of standards to further
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and fuel consumption from a wide range
of on-road vehicles from semi-trucks to the largest pickup trucks and
vans and all types and sizes of work trucks and buses. This action is
another important component of the President's Climate Action Plan.
 Reviewing and Implementing Air Quality Standards. Despite progress,
millions of Americans still live in areas that exceed one or more of
the national air pollution standards. This year's regulatory plan
describes efforts to review the primary National Ambient Air Quality
Standards (NAAQS) for ozone and lead, as well as a rule to guide States
in implementing the ozone, particulate matter, and other air quality
standards.
 Cleaner Air from Improved Technology. EPA continues to address
hazardous air pollution under authority of the Clean Air Act Amendments
of 1990. The centerpiece of this effort is the ``Maximum Achievable
Control Technology'' (MACT) program, which requires that all major
sources of a given type use emission controls that better reflect the
current state of the art. In May of 2015, EPA expects to complete a
review of existing MACT standards for Petroleum Refineries to reduce
residual risk and assure that the standards reflect current technology.
3. Taking Action on Toxics and Chemical Safety
 One of EPA's highest priorities is to make significant progress in
assuring the safety of chemicals. Using sound science as a compass, EPA
protects individuals, families, and the environment from potential
risks of pesticides and other chemicals. In its implementation of these
programs, EPA uses several different statutory authorities, including
the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), the Toxic Substances
Control Act (TSCA) and the Pollution Prevention Act (PPA), as well as
collaborative and voluntary activities. In FY 2014, the Agency will
continue to satisfy its overall directives under these authorities and
highlights the following actions in this Regulatory Plan:
 EPA's Existing Chemicals Management Program Under TSCA. As part of
EPA's ongoing efforts to ensure the safety of chemicals, EPA plans to
take a range of identified regulatory actions for certain chemicals and
assess other chemicals to determine if risk reduction action is needed
to address potential concerns.
 Addressing Formaldehyde Used in Composite Wood Products. As
directed by the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act
of 2010, EPA is developing final regulations to address formaldehyde
emissions from hardwood plywood, particleboard and medium-density
fiberboard that is sold, supplied, offered for sale, or manufactured in
the United States.
 Lead in Public and Commercial Buildings. As directed by TSCA
section 402(c)(3), EPA is developing a proposed rule to address
renovation or remodeling activities that create lead-based paint
hazards in pre-1978 public buildings and commercial buildings. EPA
previously issued a final rule to address lead-based paint hazards
created by these activities in target housing and child-occupied
facilities.
 Reassessment of PCB Use Authorizations. When enacted in 1978, TSCA
banned the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, and use
of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), except when uses would pose no
unreasonable risk of injury to health or the environment. EPA is
reassessing certain ongoing, authorized uses of PCBs that were
established by regulation in 1979, including the use, distribution in
commerce, marking and storage for reuse of liquid PCBs in electric
equipment, to determine whether those authorized uses still meet TSCA's
``no unreasonable risk'' standard. EPA plans to propose the revocation
or revision of any PCBs use authorizations included in this
reassessment that no longer meet the TSCA standard.
 Enhancing Agricultural Worker Protection. Based on years of
extensive stakeholder engagement and public meetings, EPA is acting to
enhance the pesticide worker safety program. EPA plans to issue final
amendments to the agricultural worker protection regulation that
strengthens protections for agricultural farm workers and

[[Page 76618]]

pesticide handlers. The rule is expected improve pesticide safety
training and agricultural workers' ability to protect themselves and
their families from potential secondary exposure to pesticides and
pesticide residues. The proposed revisions will address key
environmental justice concerns for a population that may be
disproportionately affected by pesticide exposure. Other changes under
development are intended to bring hazard communication requirements
more in line with Occupational Safety and Health Administration
requirements and seek to clarify current requirements to facilitate
program implementation and enforcement.
 Strengthening Pesticide Applicator Safety. As part of EPA's effort
to enhance the pesticide worker safety program, the Agency is also
developing a proposal to revise the existing regulation concerning the
certification of applicators of restricted-use pesticides to ensure
that the federal certification program standards adequately protect
applicators, the public and the environment from potential risks
associated with use of restricted use pesticides. The proposed changes
are intended to improve the competency of certified applicators of
restricted use pesticides, increase protection for noncertified
applicators of restricted use pesticides operating under the direct
supervision of a certified applicator through enhanced pesticide safety
training and standards for supervision of noncertified applicators, and
establish a minimum age requirement for such noncertified applicators.
Also, in keeping with EPA's commitment to work more closely with tribal
governments to strengthen environmental protection in Indian Country,
certain changes are intended to provide more practical options for
establishing certification programs in Indian Country.
 Improving Chemical Facility Safety and Security. Executive Order
13650 on Improving Chemical Facility Safety and Security directs
federal agencies to work with stakeholders to improve chemical safety
and security through agency programs, private sector initiatives,
federal guidance, standards, and regulations. During the course of
implementing this Executive order, EPA, along with the Department of
Homeland Security (including the National Protection and Programs
Directorate, the Transportation Security Agency and the United States
Coast Guard); the Occupational Safety and Health Administration; the
United States Department of Justice, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
Firearms; the United States Department of Agriculture; and the United
States Department of Transportation, will assess whether its
regulations should be modified or new regulations developed to improve
upon chemical safety and security. EPA issued in July 2014 a request
for information on how to strengthen its Risk Management Plan program.
EPA plans to develop a proposed rule to modernize the Risk Management
Plan.
4. Protecting Water: A Precious, Limited Resource
 Despite considerable progress, America's waters remain imperiled.
Water quality protection programs face complex challenges, from
nutrient loadings and stormwater runoff to invasive species and
drinking water contaminants. These challenges demand both traditional
and innovative strategies.
 Improving Water Quality. EPA plans to address challenging water
quality issues in several rulemakings during FY 2015.
 Definition of ``Waters of the United States'' Under the Clean Water
Act. After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos, the
scope of ``waters of the US'' protected under Clean Water Act (CWA)
programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The
Act does not distinguish among programs as to what constitutes ``waters
of the United States.'' As a result, these decisions affect the
geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not
invalidate the current regulatory definition of ``waters of the United
States.'' However, the decisions established important considerations
for how those regulations should be interpreted. Experience
implementing the regulations following the two court cases has
identified several areas that could benefit from additional
clarification through rulemaking.
 Steam Electric Power Plants. Steam electric power plants contribute
over half of all toxic pollutants discharged to surface waters by all
industrial categories currently regulated in the United States under
the Clean Water Act. Discharges of these toxic pollutants are linked to
cancer and neurological damage in humans and ecological damage. EPA
will establish national technology-based regulations called effluent
guidelines to reduce discharges of these pollutants from industries to
waters of the U.S. and publicly owned treatment works. These guidelines
would set the first Federal limits on the levels of toxic metals in
wastewater that can be discharged from power plants, based on
technology improvements in the industry over the last three decades.
The steam electric effluent guidelines apply to steam electric power
plants using nuclear or fossil fuels, such as coal, oil and natural
gas.
 Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions. EPA will finalize
updates to the Water Quality Standards regulation, which provides a
strong foundation for water quality-based controls, including water
quality assessments, impaired waters lists, total maximum daily loads,
and water quality-based effluent limits (WQBELs) in NPDES discharge
permits. These updates aim to clarify and resolve a number of policy
and technical issues that have recurred over the past 30 years. They
will assure greater public transparency, better stakeholder
information, and more effective implementation of the Water Quality
Standards program.
 Responding to Oil Spills in U.S. Waters. The Clean Water Act (CWA),
as amended by the Oil Pollution Act (OPA), requires that the National
Contingency Plan (NCP) include a schedule identifying ``dispersants,
other chemicals, and other spill mitigating devices and substances, if
any, that may be used in carrying out'' the NCP. EPA is considering
amending subpart J of the NCP (the Product Schedule) for a manufacturer
to have chemical, biological, or other spill-mitigating substances
listed on the Product Schedule, updating the listing requirements to
reflect new advancements in scientific understanding, and, to the
extent practicable, considering and addressing concerns regarding the
use of dispersants raised during the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
5. Launching a New Era of State, Tribal and Local Partnership
 EPA's success depends more than ever on working with increasingly
capable and environmentally conscious partners. States have
demonstrated leadership on managing environmental challenges, and EPA
wants to build on and complement their work. EPA supports state and
tribal capacity to ensure that programs are consistently delivered
nationwide. This provides EPA and its intergovernmental partners with
an opportunity to further strengthen their working relationship and,
thereby, more effectively pursue their shared goal of national
environmental and public health protection. The history and future of
environmental protection will be built on this type of collaboration.
 In July 2014, EPA's Administrator Gina McCarthy signed the

[[Page 76619]]

Environmental Justice Policy for Working with Tribes and Indigenous
Peoples, reinforcing the agency's commitment to work with tribes on a
government-to-government basis when issues of environmental justice
arise. This policy allows EPA to reinforce its commitment to tribal
communities, especially in addressing issues of environmental justice.
The policy integrates 17 environmental justice and civil rights
principles and identifies existing informational and resource tools to
support EPA in addressing environmental justice concerns raised by
Federally Recognized Tribes and Indigenous Peoples throughout the
United States.
 In addition, 2014 marks 30 years of EPA's 1984 Indian Policy. EPA
was the first to formally adopt such a Policy, reiterating the
importance of EPA's tribal programs and our unique government-to-
government relationship with tribes.
6. Working Toward a Sustainable Future
 Just as today's economy is vastly different from that of 40 years
before, EPA's regulatory program is evolving to recognize the progress
that has already been made in environmental protection and to
incorporate new technologies and approaches that allow us to provide
for an environmentally sustainable future more efficiently and
effectively.
 Establishing User Fees for the Use of RCRA Manifests. The e-
Manifest Final rule of February 7, 2014 codified certain provisions of
the ``Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest Establishment Act'' (or the
Act), which directed EPA to adopt a regulation that authorized the use
of electronic manifests to track hazardous waste shipments nationwide.
The Act also instructed EPA to develop a user-fee-funded e-Manifest
system. Since the Act grants broad discretion to EPA to determine the
fees and gives the Agency authority to collect such fees for both
electronic manifests and any paper manifests that continue in use, EPA
plans to issue rulemaking to establish the appropriate electronic and
paper manifest fees. The initial fees established in the final rule are
expected to cover the operation and maintenance costs for the system,
as well as the costs associated with the development of the system. EPA
plans to also announce in the final rule the date on which the system
will be implemented and available to users. Once the national e-
Manifest system becomes available, hazardous waste handlers will be
able to complete, sign, transmit, and store electronic manifests
through the national IT system, or they can elect to continue tracking
the hazardous waste under the paper manifest system. Further, waste
handlers that currently submit manifests to the States will no longer
be required to do so, unless required by the State, as EPA will collect
both the remaining paper manifest copies and electronic manifests in
the national system and will disseminate the manifest data to those
States that want it.
 Strengthening the Underground Storage Tanks Program. EPA plans to
revise the 1988 federal underground storage tank (UST) regulations by
increasing emphasis on properly operating and maintaining UST
equipment. These revisions will help improve prevention and detection
of UST releases, which are one of the leading sources of groundwater
contamination. The revisions will also help ensure all USTs in the
United States, including those in Indian country, meet the same minimum
standards.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Agency's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of these entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
in the Completed Actions section for that agency. These rulemakings can
also be found on Regulations.gov. EPA's final agency plan can be found
at: http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/retrospective/.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2060-AO60.......................... New Source Performance Standards
 (NSPS) Review under CAA-
 111(b)(1)(B)
2060-AP06.......................... New Source Performance Standards
 for Grain Elevators_Amendments
2040-AF15.......................... National Primary Drinking Water
 Regulations for Lead and Copper:
 Regulatory Revisions
2040-AF16.......................... Water Quality Standards Regulatory
 Clarifications
2040-AF25.......................... National Pollutant Discharge
 Elimination System (NPDES)
 Application and Program Updates
 Rule
2040-AF29.......................... National Primary Drinking Water
 Regulations: Group Regulation of
 Carcinogenic Volatile Organic
 Compound (VOCs)
2050-AG39.......................... Management Standards for Hazardous
 Waste Pharmaceuticals
2050-AG72.......................... Hazardous Waste Requirements for
 Retail Products; Clarifying and
 Making the Program More Effective
2070-AK02.......................... Lead; Lead-based Paint Program;
 Amendment to Jurisdiction-Specific
 Certification and Accreditation
 Requirements and Renovator
 Refresher Training Requirements
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Burden Reduction

As described above, EPA continues to review its existing
regulations in an effort to achieve its mission in the most efficient
means possible. To this end, the Agency is committed to identifying
areas in its regulatory program where significant savings or
quantifiable reductions in paperwork burdens might be achieved, as
outlined in Executive Order 13610, while protecting public health and
our environment.
Rules Expected to Affect Small Entities
 By better coordinating small business activities, EPA aims to
improve its technical assistance and outreach efforts, minimize burdens
to small businesses in its regulations, and simplify small businesses'
participation in its voluntary programs. Actions that may affect small
entities can be tracked on EPA's Regulatory Development and
Retrospective Review Tracker (http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/) at any
time. This Plan includes the following rules that may be of particular
interest to small entities:

[[Page 76620]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2070-AJ92.......................... Formaldehyde Emission Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
2060-AS16.......................... Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel
 Efficiency Standards for Medium-
 and Heavy-Duty Engines and
 Vehicles_Phase 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

International Regulatory Cooperation Activities
 EPA has considered international regulatory cooperation activities
as described in Executive Order 13609 and has identified two
international activities that are anticipated to lead to significant
regulations in the following year:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2070-AJ44.......................... Formaldehyde; Third-Party
 Certification Framework for the
 Formaldehyde Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
2070-AJ92.......................... Formaldehyde Emission Standards for
 Composite Wood Products
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Streamlining the Export/Import Process for America's Businesses
 EPA has considered import and export streamlining activities as
described in Executive Order 13659 and identified the following
rulemaking activity:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Regulatory identifier number (RIN) Rulemaking title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
2050-AG77.......................... Hazardous Waste Export-Import
 Revisions Rule
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EPA--AIR AND RADIATION(AR)

Proposed Rule Stage

122. Review of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7408; 42 U.S.C. 7409
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, December 1, 2014, Court-ordered
Deadline. Final, Judicial, October 1, 2015, Court-ordered Deadline.
Must be proposed by December 1
 Abstract: Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA is required to review
and, if appropriate, revise the air quality criteria for the primary
(health-based) and secondary (welfare-based) national ambient air
quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. On March 23, 2008, the EPA
published a final rule to revise the primary and secondary NAAQS for
ozone to provide increased protection of public health and welfare.
With regard to the primary standard for ozone, the EPA revised the
level of the 8-hour ozone standard to 0.075 ppm. With regard to the
secondary ozone standard, the EPA made it identical in all respects to
the primary ozone standard, as revised. The DC Circuit upheld the
primary standard, but remanded the secondary standard back to the EPA.
The EPA initiated the current review in October 2008 with a workshop to
discuss key policy-relevant issues around which EPA would structure the
review. This review included the preparation of an Integrated Science
Assessment, Risk/Exposure Assessment, and a Policy Assessment Document
by the EPA, with opportunities for review by EPA's Clean Air Scientific
Advisory Committee and the public.
 Statement of Need: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, EPA
is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Review of the NAAQS is authorized by Clean
Air Act Sections 108 and 109.
 Alternatives: The main alternative for the Administrator's decision
on the review of the primary and secondary national ambient air quality
standards for ozone is whether to retain or revise the existing
standards.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Clean Air Act makes clear that
the economic and technical feasibility of attaining standards are not
to be considered in setting or revising the NAAQS, although such
factors may be considered in the development of State plans to
implement the standards. Accordingly, when the Agency proposes
revisions to the standards, the Agency prepares cost and benefit
information in order to provide States information that may be useful
in considering different implementation strategies for meeting proposed
or final standards. In those instances, cost and benefit information is
generally included in the regulatory analysis accompanying the final
rule.
 Risks: Health and welfare risks associated with exposure to O3 in
the ambient air have been assessed. The final health and welfare Risk
and Exposure Assessments for Ozone were released in August 2014, and
are available at:
http://www.epa.gov/ttn/naaqs/standards/ozone/data/20140829healthrea.pdf.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 04/28/11 76 FR 23755
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 11/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2008-0699.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/ozone/.
 Agency Contact: Susan Stone, Environmental Protection Agency, Air

[[Page 76621]]

and Radiation, C504-06, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-1146, Fax: 919 541-0237, Email: stone.susan@epa.gov
 Karen Wesson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C504-06, RTP, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-3515, Email:
wesson.karen@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AP38

EPA--AR

123. Review of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Lead

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7408; 42 U.S.C. 7409
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, the EPA is
required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality criteria
for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based) national
ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. On November 12,
2008, the EPA published a final rule to revise the primary and
secondary NAAQS for lead to provide increased protection for public
health and welfare. The EPA has now initiated the next review. This new
review includes the preparation of an Integrated Review Plan, an
Integrated Science Assessment, and, if warranted, a Risk/Exposure
Assessment, and also a Policy Assessment Document by the EPA, with
opportunities for review by EPA's Clean Air Scientific Advisory
Committee and the public. These documents inform the Administrator's
proposed decision as to whether to retain or revise the standards. This
decision will be published in the Federal Register with opportunity
provided for public comment. The Administrator's final decisions will
take into consideration these documents and public comment on the
proposed decision.
 Statement of Need: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977, EPA
is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years. In the
last lead NAAQS review, EPA published a final rule on November 12,
2008, to revise the primary and secondary NAAQS for lead to provide
increased protection for public health and welfare.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977,
EPA is required to review and if appropriate revise the air quality
criteria for the primary (health-based) and secondary (welfare-based)
national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) every 5 years.
 Alternatives: The main alternative for the Administrator's decision
on the review of the national ambient air quality standards for lead is
whether to retain or revise the existing standards.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Clean Air Act makes clear that
the economic and technical feasibility of attaining standards are not
to be considered in setting or revising the NAAQS, although such
factors may be considered in the development of State plans to
implement the standards. Accordingly, when the Agency proposes
revisions to the standards, the Agency prepares cost and benefit
information in order to provide States information that may be useful
in considering different implementation strategies for meeting proposed
or final standards. In those instances, cost and benefit information is
generally included in the regulatory analysis accompanying the final
rule.
 Risks: As part of the review, the EPA prepares an Integrated Review
Plan, an Integrated Science Assessment, and, if warranted, a Risk/
Exposure Assessment, and also a Policy Assessment Document, with
opportunities for review by the EPA's Clean Air Scientific Advisory
Committee and the public. These documents inform the Administrator's
proposed decision as to whether to retain or revise the standards. The
proposed decision will be published in the Federal Register with
opportunity provided for public comment. The Administrator's final
decisions will take into consideration these documents and public
comment on the proposed decision.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
 -----------------------------------
Final Rule.......................... To Be Determined
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0108.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/ttn/naaqs/standards/pb/s_pb_index.html.
 Agency Contact: Deirdre Murphy, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, C539-02, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709, Phone:
919 541-0729, Fax: 919 541-0840, Email: murphy.deirdre@epa.gov
 Ginger Tennant, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C504-06, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-4072, Fax:
919 541-0237, Email: tennant.ginger@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ44

EPA--AR

124. Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary
Sources: EGUS in Indian Country and U.S. Territories

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: .40 CFR 60
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On June 25, 2013, President Obama issued a Presidential
Memorandum directing the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to work
expeditiously to complete greenhouse gas (GHG) standards for the power
sector. The agency is using its authority under section 111(d) of the
Clean Air Act (CAA) to issue emission guidelines to address GHG
emissions from existing power plants. The Presidential Memorandum
directs the EPA to issue proposed GHG guidelines for existing power
plants by no later than June 1, 2014, and issue final guidelines by no
later than June 1, 2015. In addition, the Presidential Memorandum
directs the EPA to, in the guidelines, require states to submit to EPA
the implementation plans required under section 111(d) of the CAA by no
later than June 30, 2016. On June 18, 2014, the EPA proposed emission
guidelines for states to follow in developing plans to address GHG
emissions from existing fossil fired EGU, using its authority under CAA
111(d). This action is a supplemental proposal and will propose
emission guidelines to address GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-
fired EGUs on tribal lands and in U.S. territories.
 Statement of Need: President Obama's Climate Action Plan called for
EPA to complete carbon pollution standards for existing fossil fuel-
fired power plants by June 1, 2015. This action will propose those
standards for existing fossil fuel-fired power plants in Indian country
and U.S. territories.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and
thus is subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as
Amended in 1990.
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be presented in the proposal
preamble.

[[Page 76622]]

Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost and benefits information will
be presented in the proposal preamble.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases
Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act. The EPA made this
determination based primarily upon the recent, major assessments by the
U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), the National Research
Council (NRC) of the National Academies and the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change (IPCC).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/18/14 79 FR 34829
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 09/25/14 79 FR 57492
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 12/01/14 .......................
Supplemental NPRM................... 11/04/14 79 FR 65481
Final Rule.......................... 07/00/15 .......................
NODA................................ 10/30/14 79 FR 64543
Notice.............................. 11/13/14 79 FR 67406
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0602. Split from
RIN 2060-AQ91.
 Agency Contact: Melanie King, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-2469, Email: king.melanie@epamail.epa.gov
 Robert Wayland, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-1045, Fax:
919 541-5450, Email: Wayland.RobertJ@epamail.epa.gov
 Related RIN: Split from 2060-AQ91
 RIN: 2060-AR33

EPA--AR

125. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium-
and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles--Phase 2

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 202(a)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 1036; 40 CFR 1037; 40 CFR 86.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: During the President's second term, EPA and the
Department of Transportation, in close coordination with the California
Air Resources Board, will develop a comprehensive National Program for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission and Fuel
Efficiency Standards for model years beyond 2018. These second sets of
standards would further reduce greenhouse gas emissions and fuel
consumption from a wide range of on-road vehicles from semi-trucks to
the largest pickup trucks and vans, and all types and sizes of work
trucks and buses. This action will be in continued response to the
President's directive to take coordinated steps to produce a new
generation of clean vehicles. This action follows the first ever
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standards and Fuel Efficiency Standards for
Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles (75 FR September 15, 2011).
 Statement of Need: Under Clean Air Act authority, EPA has
determined that emissions of greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles
and engines cause or contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be
anticipated to endanger public health and welfare. Therefore, there is
a need to reduce GHG emissions from medium- and heavy-duty vehicles to
protect public health and welfare. The medium- and heavy-duty truck
sector accounts for approximately 18 percent of the U.S. mobile source
GHG emissions and is the second largest mobile source sector. GHG
emissions from this sector are forecast to continue increasing rapidly;
reflecting the anticipated impact of factors such as economic growth
and increased movement of freight by trucks. This rulemaking would
significantly reduce GHG emissions from future medium- and heavy-duty
vehicles by setting GHG standards that will lead to the introduction of
GHG reducing vehicle and engine technologies.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Clean Air Act section 202(a)(1) states
that The Administrator shall by regulation prescribe (and from time to
time revise) in accordance with the provisions of this section,
standards applicable to the emission of any air pollutant from any
class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines,
which in his judgment cause, or contribute to, air pollution which may
reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. Section
202(a) covers all on-highway vehicles including medium- and heavy-duty
trucks. In April 2007, the Supreme Court found in Massachusetts v. EPA
that greenhouse gases fit well within the Acts definition of air
pollutant and that EPA has statutory authority to regulate emission of
such gases from new motor vehicles. Lastly, in April 2009, EPA issued
the Proposed Endangerment and Cause-or-Contribute Findings for
Greenhouse Gases under the Clean Air Act. The endangerment proposal
stated that greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles and engines cause
or contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be anticipated to
endanger public health and welfare.
 Alternatives: The rulemaking proposal will include an evaluation of
regulatory alternatives. In addition, the proposal is expected to
include tools such as averaging, banking, and trading of emissions
credits as an alternative approach for compliance with the proposed
program.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Detailed analysis of economy-wide
cost impacts, greenhouse gas emission reductions, and societal benefits
will be performed during development of the proposed rule.
 Risks: The failure to set new GHG standards for medium- and heavy-
duty trucks is likely to result in cumulative increases in GHG
emissions from the trucking industry over time and therefore increased
the risk of unacceptable climate change impacts.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/16 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State.
 Agency Contact: Matt Spears, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, Mail Code: ASD1, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-
4921, Fax: 734 214-4816, Email: spears.mattew@epa.gov
 Charles Moulis, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
NFEVL, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-4826.
 RIN: 2060-AS16


[[Page 76623]]

EPA--AR

126. Renewable Fuel 2015 Volume Standards

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 211(o)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 80.1401.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In response to the Energy Independence and Security Act
(EISA) which amended the Clean Air Act Section 211(o), EPA finalized
the RFS2 Program regulations. The new provisions also require EPA to
promulgate regulations that specify the annual statutory volume
requirements for renewable fuels, including cellulosic, biofuel, bio-
mass-based diesel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel that must
be used in transportation fuel annually. In the case of the cellulosic
biofuel standard, the act specifically requires that the standard be
set based on the volume projected to be available during the following
year. If the volumes are lower than those specified under the act, then
EPA may also lower the advanced biofuel and total renewable fuel
standards each year accordingly. Further, the act requires the
Administrator to promulgate rules establishing the applicable volumes
of biomass-based diesel for 2013 and beyond and to do so no later than
14 months before the year for which such applicable volume would apply.
The actions summarized here will propose and finalize the 2016 biomass
based diesel (BBD) volume along with the 2015 standards. This
regulatory action will establish, as required, the annual statutory
volume requirements for the RFS2 fuel categories (cellulosic, biomass-
based diesel, advanced biofuel, and renewable fuel) that apply to all
gasoline and diesel produced or imported in 2015 and set, at minimum,
the 2016 requirement. Entities potentially affected by this rule are
those involved with the production, distribution, and sale of
transportation fuels, including gasoline and diesel fuel or renewable
fuels such as ethanol and biodiesel.
 Statement of Need: EPA is developing this rule under the
Congressional mandate in the Energy Independence and Security Act
(EISA) of 2007.
 Summary of Legal Basis: EPA is developing this rule under Clean Air
Act Section 211(o).
 Alternatives: Alternatives are being developed as part of the
forthcoming proposal.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost and benefit information is
being developed as part of the forthcoming proposal.
 Risks: The risks are those addressed by EISA--i.e., energy
insecurity and dependence on foreign sources.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
Final Rule.......................... 08/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Energy Effects: Statement of Energy Effects planned as required by
Executive Order 13211.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Sectors Affected: 325199 All Other Basic Organic Chemical
Manufacturing; 325193 Ethyl Alcohol Manufacturing; 424690 Other
Chemical and Allied Products Merchant Wholesalers; 454319 Other Fuel
Dealers; 424710 Petroleum Bulk Stations and Terminals; 324110 Petroleum
Refineries; 424720 Petroleum and Petroleum Products Merchant
Wholesalers (except Bulk Stations and Terminals)
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/otaq/fuels/renewablefuels/.
 Agency Contact: David Korotney, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, N27, Ann Arbor, MI 48105, Phone: 734 214-4507,
Email: korotney.david@epa.gov
 Paul Argyropoulos, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and
Radiation, 6401A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-1123, Email:
argyropoulos.paul@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AS22

EPA--OFFICE OF CHEMICAL SAFETY AND POLLUTION PREVENTION (OCSPP)

Proposed Rule Stage

127. Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 136 7 U.S.C. 136i 7 U.S.C. 136w.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 156; 40 CFR 171.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: EPA is developing a proposed rule to revise the federal
regulations governing the certified pesticide applicator program, based
on years of extensive stakeholder engagement and public meetings, to
ensure that they adequately protect applicators, the public, and the
environment from potential harm due to exposure to restricted use
pesticides (RUPs). This action is intended to improve the training and
awareness of certified applicators of RUPs and to increase protection
for noncertified applicators of RUPs operating under the direct
supervision of a certified applicator through enhanced pesticide safety
training and standards for supervision of noncertified applicators.
 Statement of Need: Change is needed to strengthen the protections
for pesticide applicators, the public, and the environment from harm
due to pesticide exposure.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This action is issued under the authority
of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), as
amended, 7 U.S.C.s 136-136y, particularly sections 136a(d), 136i, and
136w.
 Alternatives: In the years prior to the development of this
rulemaking, EPA pursued non-regulatory approaches to protect
applicators, the public, and the environment from potential harm due to
exposure to RUPs. For example, the Agency developed mechanisms to
improve applicator trainers and make training materials more
accessible. EPA has also developed nationally relevant training and
certification materials to preserve state resources while improving
competency. However, the non-regulatory approaches did not address
other requisite needs for improving protections, such as the
requirements for determining competency and recertification that are
being considered in this rulemaking.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Although subject to change as the
proposal is developed, EPA currently estimates incremental costs of
about $44 million annually and unquantified, long term health benefits
to certified applicators, the noncertified applicators they supervise,
and their families. These benefits arise from reducing their daily risk
of pesticide exposures and reduced risk of chronic illness. This
information will be updated once the proposal is issued.
 Risks: Applicators are at risk from exposure to pesticides they
handle for their work. The public and the environment may also be at
risk from misapplication by applicators without appropriate training.
Revisions to the regulations are expected to minimize these risks by
ensuring the competency of certified applicators.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76624]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 05/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Local, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPP-2005-0561.
http://epa.gov/sbrefa/pesticide-applicators.html. This action includes
retrospective review under EO 13563; see:
http://www.epa.gov/regdarrt/retrospective/history.html.
 Sectors Affected: 111 Crop Production; 32532 Pesticide and Other
Agricultural Chemical Manufacturing; 5617 Services to Buildings and
Dwellings; 9241 Administration of Environmental Quality Programs.
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/health/worker.htm.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Davis, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-7002, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email:
davis.kathy@epa.gov
 Jeanne Kasai, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, PYS1162, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-3240, Fax: 703 308-3259, Email: kasai.jeanne@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ20

EPA--OCSPP

128. Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBS); Reassessment of Use
Authorizations

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2605 ``TSCA 6(e)''.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 761.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The EPA's regulations governing the use of
Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs) in electrical equipment and other
applications were first issued in the late 1970s and have not been
updated since 1998. The EPA has initiated rulemaking to reassess the
ongoing authorized uses of PCBs to determine whether certain use
authorizations should be ended or phased out because they can no longer
be justified under section 6(e) of the Toxic Substances Control Act,
which requires that the authorized use will not present an unreasonable
risk of injury to health and the environment. As the first step in this
reassessment, the EPA published an Advanced Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) on April 7, 2010 and took comment through August 20,
2010. The EPA reviewed and considered all comments received on the
ANPRM in planning the current rulemaking. This action will address the
following specific areas: (1) The use, distribution in commerce,
marking and storage for reuse of liquid PCBs in electric equipment; (2)
improvements to the existing use authorization for natural gas
pipelines; and (3) definitional and other regulatory ``fixes''. The
reassessment of use authorizations related to liquid PCBs in equipment
will focus on small capacitors in fluorescent light ballasts, large
capacitors, transformers and other electrical equipment. In addition,
revised testing, characterization, and reporting requirements for PCBs
in natural gas pipeline systems to provide more transparency for the
Agency and the public when PCB releases occur will be considered.
Consistent with Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and
Regulatory Review'', wherever possible and consistent with the overall
objectives of this rulemaking, the Agency will also eliminate or fix
regulatory inefficiencies noted by the Agency or in public comments on
the ANPRM.
 Statement of Need: EPA is reassessing authorized uses of PCBs to
determine whether certain uses should be ended or phased out because
they can no longer be justified under section 6(e) of the Toxic
Substances Control Act, which requires that the authorized use will not
present an unreasonable risk of injury to health and the environment. A
rulemaking is needed to revise or revoke any PCB use authorizations
that no longer meet the TSCA unreasonable risk standard.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The authority for this action comes from
TSCA section 6(e)(2)(B) and (C) of TSCA (15 U.S.C. 605(e)(2)(B) and
(C)), as well as TSCA section 6(e)(1)(B) (15 U.S.C. 2605(e)(1)(B)).
 Alternatives: EPA published an Advanced Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (ANPRM) on April 7, 2010 and took comment through August 20,
2010. EPA reviewed and considered all comments received on the ANPRM in
planning the current rulemaking. If EPA determines that certain
authorized uses of PCBs can no longer be justified under TSCA section
6(e), EPA will evaluate options for ending or phasing out those uses.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: In developing a proposed rule, EPA
will also evaluate the costs and benefits of the options under
consideration, which will be used to inform the decision-makers of the
potential impacts. Once decisions regarding the proposed rule are made,
information on the potential costs and benefits of the action will be
available.
 Risks: PCBs are toxic, persist in the environment and bioaccumulate
in food chains and, thus, pose risks to human health and ecosystems.
Once in the environment, PCBs do not readily break down and therefore
may remain for long periods of time cycling between air, water, and
soil. PCBs can be carried long distances and have been found in snow
and sea water in areas far away from where they were released into the
environment. As a consequence, PCBs are found all over the world. In
general, the lighter the form of PCB, the further it can be transported
from the source of contamination. PCBs can accumulate in the leaves and
above-ground parts of plants and food crops. They are also taken up
into the bodies of small organisms and fish. Humans may be exposed to
PCBs through diet by eating contaminated fish and shellfish, and
consuming contaminated milk, meat, and their by-products. Infants may
be exposed through breast milk, and unborn children may exposed while
in the womb. In addition, humans may exposed by breathing contaminated
indoor air in buildings where electrical equipment contains PCBs or by
coming into contact with PCB-contaminated liquids that have leaked from
electrical equipment. Health effects associated with exposure to PCBs
in humans and/or animals include liver, thyroid, dermal and ocular
changes, immunological alterations, neurodevelopmental changes, reduced
birth weight, reproductive toxicity, and cancer. EPA is currently
evaluating the possible risks presented by ongoing uses of PCBs that
may be addressed by this action.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/07/10 75 FR 17645
ANPRM Comment Period Extended....... 06/16/10 75 FR 34076
NPRM................................ 07/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2009-0757.

[[Page 76625]]

Sectors Affected: 22 Utilities; 31-33 Manufacturing; 48-49
Transportation and Warehousing; 53 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing;
54 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services; 562 Waste
Management and Remediation Services; 811 Repair and Maintenance; 92
Public Administration.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pcb.
 Agency Contact: Sara Kemme, Environmental Protection Agency, Office
of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-0511, Fax: 202 566-0473, Email:
kemme.sara@epa.gov
 Peter Gimlin, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 566-0515, Fax: 202 566-0473, Email: gimlin.peter@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ38

EPA--OCSPP

129. Lead; Renovation, Repair, and Painting Program for Public and
Commercial Buildings

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2682(c)(3)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 745.
 Legal Deadline: Other, Judicial, April 22, 2010, ANPRM--2009
Settlement agreement.
 NPRM, Judicial, July 1, 2015, Deadline from 2012 amended;
Settlement agreement.
 Final, Judicial, January 1, 2017, Deadline from 2012 amended;
Settlement agreement.
 Per 9/7/2012 Amended Settlement Agreement in National Assoc. of
Homebuilders v. EPA.
 Abstract: Section 402(c)(3) of the Toxic Substances Control Act
(TSCA) requires the EPA to regulate renovation or remodeling activities
in target housing (most pre-1978 housing), pre-1978 public buildings,
and commercial buildings that create lead-based paint hazards. On April
22, 2008, the EPA issued a final rule to address lead-based paint
hazards created by these activities in target housing and child-
occupied facilities (child-occupied facilities are a subset of pre-1978
public and commercial buildings where children under age 6 spend a
significant amount of time). The 2008 rule established requirements for
training renovators, other renovation workers, and dust sampling
technicians; for certifying renovators, dust sampling technicians, and
renovation firms; for accrediting providers of renovation and dust
sampling technician training; for renovation work practices; and for
recordkeeping. After the 2008 rule was published, the EPA was sued, in
part, for failing to address potential hazards created by the
renovation of public and commercial buildings. In the settlement
agreement and subsequent amendments, the EPA agreed to commence
proceedings to determine whether or not renovations of public and
commercial buildings create hazards. Further, if these activities do
create hazards, the EPA agreed to propose work practice and other
requirements by July 1, 2015, and to take final action, if appropriate,
no later than 18 months after the proposal.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking is being undertaken in response
to a settlement agreement and is designed to help insure that
individuals and firms conducting renovation, repair, and painting
activities in and on public and commercial buildings will do so in a
way that safeguards the environment and protects the health of building
occupants and nearby residents, especially children under 6 years old.
EPA has conducted several studies and reviewed additional information
that indicates that the renovation of buildings containing lead-based
paint can create health hazards in the form of lead-based paint dust
under typical industry work practices.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 402(c)(3) of the Toxic Substances
Control Act (TSCA) requires EPA to regulate renovation or remodeling
activities that create lead-based paint hazards in target housing,
public buildings built before 1978, and commercial buildings.
 Alternatives: For those activities that EPA determines create lead-
based paint hazards, EPA will evaluate options to address the hazards.
These options are likely to include different combinations of work
practices and worker training and certification.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Not yet determined. A detailed
analysis of costs and benefits will be performed during development of
the proposed rule.
 Risks: Lead is known to cause deleterious health effects on
multiple organ systems through diverse mechanisms of action in both
adults and children. This array of health effects includes effects on
heme biosynthesis and related functions, neurological development and
function, reproduction and physical development, kidney function,
cardiovascular function, and immune function. EPA is evaluating
information on renovation activity patterns in public and commercial
buildings to estimate exposures to lead dust from RRP activities in
those buildings.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/06/10 75 FR 24848
Notice.............................. 12/31/12 77 FR 76996
Notice.............................. 05/13/13 78 FR 27906
Notice.............................. 05/30/14 79 FR 31072
Notice.............................. 08/06/14 79 FR 45796
NPRM................................ 07/00/15
 -----------------------------------
Final Rule.......................... To Be Determined
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2010-0173.
 Sectors Affected: 236210 Industrial Building Construction; 236220
Commercial and Institutional Building Construction; 238150 Glass and
Glazing Contractors; 238170 Siding Contractors; 238210 Electrical
Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors; 238220 Plumbing,
Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors; 238310 Drywall and
Insulation Contractors; 238320 Painting and Wall Covering Contractors;
238340 Tile and Terrazzo Contractors; 238350 Finish Carpentry
Contractors; 238390 Other Building Finishing Contractors; 531120
Lessors of Nonresidential Buildings (except Miniwarehouses); 531312
Nonresidential Property Managers; 921190 Other General Government
Support.
 URL for More Information: http://www2.epa.gov/lead.
 Agency Contact: Hans Scheifele, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-3122, Email: Scheifele.Hans@epa.gov
 Cindy Wheeler, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 566-0484, Email: wheeler.cindy@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ56

EPA--SOLID WASTE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE (SWER)

Proposed Rule Stage

130. Revisions to the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution
Contingency Plan; Subpart J Product Schedule Listing Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1321(d)(2); 33 U.S.C. 1321(b)(3); 33
U.S.C. 1321(j)

[[Page 76626]]

CFR Citation: 40 CFR 300; 40 CFR 110.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Clean Water Act requires EPA to prepare a schedule
identifying dispersants, other chemicals, and other spill mitigating
devices and substances, if any, that may be used in carrying out the
National Contingency Plan (NCP); and the waters and quantities in which
they may be used. The EPA is considering revising subpart J of the NCP
to address the efficacy, toxicity, and environmental monitoring of
dispersants, other chemical and biological agents, and other spill
mitigating substances, as well as public, state, local, and federal
officials concerns on their authorization and use. Specifically, the
Agency is considering revisions to the technical product requirements
under subpart J, including amendments to the effectiveness and toxicity
testing protocols, and establishing new effectiveness and toxicity
thresholds for listing certain products on the Schedule. Additionally,
the Agency is considering amendments to area planning requirements for
agent use authorization and advanced monitoring techniques. The Agency
is also considering revisions to harmonize 40 CFR part 110.4 with the
definitions for chemical and biological agents proposed for subpart J.
These changes, if finalized, will help ensure that chemical and
biological agents have met rigorous efficacy and toxicity requirements,
that product manufacturers provide important use and safety
information, and that the planning and response community is equipped
with the proper information to authorize and use the products in a
judicious and effective manner.
 Statement of Need: The use of dispersants in response to the
Deepwater Horizon incident, both on surface slicks and injected
directly into the oil from the well riser, raised many questions about
efficacy, toxicity, environmental trade-offs, and monitoring
challenges. The Agency is considering amendments to subpart J that
would increase the overall scientific soundness of the data collected
on mitigation agents, take into consideration not only the efficacy but
also the toxicity, long-term environmental impacts, endangered species
protection, and human health concerns raised during responses to oil
discharges, including the Deepwater Horizon incident. The additional
data requirements being considered would aid On-Scene Coordinators
(OSCs) and Regional Response Teams (RRTs) when evaluating specific
product information and when deciding whether and which products to use
to mitigate hazards caused by discharges or threatened discharges of
oil. Additionally, the Agency is considering amendments to area
planning requirements for dispersant use authorization, toxicity
thresholds and advanced monitoring techniques. This action is a major
component of the EPA's effort to inform the use of dispersants and
other chemical or biological agents when responding to oil discharges,
based on lessons learned from the federal government's experiences in
responding to off-shore oil discharges, including the Deepwater Horizon
incident, in the Gulf of Mexico and anticipation of the expansion of
oil exploration and production activities in the Arctic.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The Federal Water Pollution Control Act
(FWPCA) requires the President to prepare and publish a National
Contingency Plan (NCP) for the removal of oil and hazardous substances.
In turn, the President delegated the authority to implement this
section of the FWPCA to the EPA through Executive Order 12777 (56 FR
54757; October 22, 1991). Section 311(d)(2)(G)(i) of the FWPCA (a.k.a.,
Clean Water Act), as amended by the OPA, requires that the NCP include
a schedule identifying ``dispersants, other chemicals, and other spill
mitigating devices and substances, if any, that may be used in carrying
out'' the NCP. Currently, the use of dispersants, other chemicals, and
other oil spill mitigating devices and substances (e.g., bioremediation
agents) to respond to oil discharges in U.S. waters is governed by
subpart J of the NCP (40 CFR part 300 series 900).
 Alternatives: The Agency will consider alternatives via the
proposal that address the efficacy, toxicity, and environmental
monitoring of dispersants, and other chemical and biological agents, as
well as public, state, local, and federal officials' concerns regarding
their use. Specifically, the alternative requirements for the NCP
Product Schedule (Schedule) consider new listing criteria, revisions to
the efficacy and toxicity testing protocols, and clarifications to the
evaluation criteria for removing products from the Schedule. EPA is
also considering alternatives to the requirements for the authorities,
notifications, monitoring, and data reporting when using chemical or
biological agents in response to oil discharges in waters of the U.S.
The alternatives being considered are intended to encourage the
development of safer and more effective spill mitigating products, to
better target the use of these products in order to reduce the risks to
human health and the environment, and to ensure that On-Scene
Coordinators (OSCs), Regional Response Teams (RRTs), and Area
Committees have sufficient information to support agent
preauthorization or authorization of use decisions.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Agency expects the proposed
rule, if finalized, would provide overall net benefits as a result of
having more effective products on the Schedule, as well as from avoided
costs of oil spill response and cleanup. Costs to product manufacturers
would be incremental annual costs for product testing and labor. For
certain discharges, costs to the party responsible for the spill would
be added for monitoring requirements. A detailed costs and benefits
analysis will be available with the proposal.
 Risks: Although major catastrophic oil discharges where chemical or
biological agents may be used are relatively infrequent, this proposed
rulemaking under subpart J should lead to the manufacture and use of
less toxic, more effective oil spill mitigating products. The use of
these products may reduce the potential for human and environmental
impact, emergency response duration, and costs associated with any oil
discharge. However, the impacts will vary greatly depending on factors
that include the size, location and duration of an oil discharge, as
well as, the type of oil being discharged. While the reduction in
environmental impacts associated with the use of oil spill mitigating
agents driven by this action are likely small for typical oil
discharges, they could be significant in the event of a large oil
discharge.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPA-2006-0090.
 Sectors Affected: 325 Chemical Manufacturing; 424 Merchant
Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods; 211 Oil and Gas Extraction; 541
Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services; 562 Waste Management
and Remediation Services.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/oem/.
 Agency Contact: Vanessa Principe, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
202 564-

[[Page 76627]]

7913, Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: principe.vanessa@epa.gov
 Craig Matthiessen, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-8016,
Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: mattheissen.craig@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AE87

EPA--SWER

131. User Fee Schedule for Electronic Hazardous Waste Manifest

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Pub. L. 112-195
 CFR Citation: Undetermined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: After promulgation of the first e-Manifest regulation in
February 2014 to authorize the use of electronic manifests and to
codify key provisions of the Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest
Establishment Act (or Act), the EPA is moving forward on the
development of the separate e-Manifest User Fee Schedule Regulation.
The Act authorizes the EPA to impose on manifest users reasonable
service fees that are necessary to pay costs incurred in developing,
operating, maintaining and upgrading the system, including costs
incurred in collecting and processing data from any paper manifest
submitted to the system after the date on which the system enters
operation. EPA plans to issue both a proposed and final rule in setting
the appropriate electronic manifest and manifest fees. The EPA intends
to propose for comment the fee methodology for establishing the
electronic manifest and paper service fees. The EPA plans in a final
rule to establish a program of fees that will be imposed on users of
the e-Manifest system and announce the user fee schedule for manifest-
related activities, including activities associated with the collection
and processing of paper manifests submitted to the EPA. EPA also plans
in that final rule to announce (1) the date upon which the EPA will be
ready to transmit and receive manifests through the national e-Manifest
system and (2) the date upon which the user community must comply with
the new e-Manifest regulation.
 Statement of Need: On February 7, 2014, the EPA promulgated the e-
Manifest Final rule, in order to comply with the Hazardous Waste
Electronic Manifest Establishment Act, which required the EPA to issue
a regulation authorizing electronic manifests by October 5, 2013. In
issuing that rule, the EPA completed an important step that must
precede the development of a national e-Manifest system, as required by
the Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest Establishment Act. This rule is
the second regulation that must precede the development of the e-
Manifest system. This action will implement the broad discretion
granted on the Agency to establish reasonable user fees for the various
activities associated with using and submitting electronic and paper
manifests to the national system. Additionally, OMB Circular A-25 on
User Charges provides that agencies of the executive branch must
generally set user fee charges or fees through regulation.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 2(c) of the e-Manifest Act
authorizes the EPA to impose on manifest users reasonable user fees to
pay any costs incurred in developing, operating, maintaining, and
upgrading the system, including any costs incurred in collecting and
processing data from any paper manifest submitted to the system. Thus,
this Action will implement the broad discretion granted on the Agency
to establish reasonable user fees for the various activities associated
with using and submitting electronic and paper manifests to the
national system.
 Alternatives: The EPA plans to issue rulemaking to establish the
appropriate electronic manifest and paper manifest fees. Specifically,
EPA will explore options for who will pay user fees, the most efficient
point in the process for collecting the fees, and the fee methodologies
and fee formulas that relate to setting the fees.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: When the e-Manifest Final Rule was
published in February 2014, the Agency deferred the development of the
detailed risk impact analysis (RIA) for the e-Manifest system until the
User Fee Schedule Rule. Thus, the RIA for the proposed User Fee
Schedule Rule will not be limited to the impacts of the user fees
announced in the rule, but will also estimate the costs and benefits of
the overall e-Manifest system. The primary costs in the e-Manifest RIA
will be the cost to build the system, the costs for industry and state
governments to connect to the system, and the cost to run the system.
The most significant benefit of the e-Manifest system estimated in the
RIA will be reduced burden for industry to comply with RCRA manifesting
requirements, and the reduced burden on states that collect and utilize
manifest data for program management purposes.
 Risks: This action does not address any particular risks in the
EPA's jurisdiction as it does not change existing requirements for
manifesting hazardous waste shipments. It will merely propose for
comment our fee methodology for setting the appropriate fees of
electronic manifests, and paper manifests that continue in use, at such
time as the system to receive them is built and operational.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 10/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-RCRA-2001-0032.
 Sectors Affected: 11 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting; 23
Construction; 51 Information; 31-33 Manufacturing; 21 Mining,
Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction; 92 Public Administration; 44-45
Retail Trade; 48-49 Transportation and Warehousing; 22 Utilities; 562
Waste Management and Remediation Services; 42 Wholesale Trade.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/epawaste/hazard/transportation/manifest/e-man.htm.
 Agency Contact: Rich LaShier, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-8796, Fax: 703 308-0514, Email: LaShier.Rich@epa.gov
 Bryan Groce, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-8750,
Fax: 703 308-0514, Email: Groce.Bryan@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG80

EPA--SWER

132. Modernization of the Accidental Release Prevention
Regulations Under Clean Air Act

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7412(r)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 68.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In response to Executive Order 13650, the EPA is
considering potential revisions to its Risk Management Program
regulations and related programs. The Agency may consider changes to
the list of regulated substances and threshold quantities, addition of
new accident prevention or emergency response program elements

[[Page 76628]]

and/or changes to existing elements, and/or other changes to the
existing regulatory provisions.
 Statement of Need: On August 1, 2013, President Obama signed
Executive order 13650, entitled Improving Chemical Facility Safety and
Security. The Executive order establishes the Chemical Facility Safety
and Security Working Group (``Working Group''), co-chaired by the
Secretary of Homeland Security, the Administrator of the EPA, and the
Secretary of Labor or their designated representatives at the Assistant
Secretary level or higher, and composed of senior representatives of
other Federal departments, agencies, and offices. The Executive order
requires the Working Group to carry out a number of tasks whose overall
aim is to prevent chemical accidents, such as the explosion that
occurred at the West Fertilizer facility in West, Texas, on April 17,
2013. Section 6 of the Executive order is entitled ``Policy,
Regulation, and Standards Modernization'', and among other things,
requires certain federal agencies to consider possible changes to
existing chemical safety and security regulations. On July 31, 2014,
the EPA issued a Request for Information (RFI) to solicit stakeholder
feedback on a number of potential modifications to the RMP regulations.
This NPRM is expected to contain a number of proposed modifications to
the RMP regulations based on stakeholder feedback received from the
RFI.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The statutory authority for this action is
provided by section 112(r) of the Clean Air Act (CAA) as amended (42
U.S.C. 7412(r)).
 Alternatives: Alternatives will be considered during the
development of the proposal.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Benefits and costs will be examined
in detail during the development of the proposal. For any proposed
regulatory changes, EPA expects that benefits will be due to prevented
costs of accidental releases (e.g., through covering additional
hazardous chemical processes, or addition or improvement of accident
prevention program requirements), or reduced costs of accidental
releases that do occur (e.g., due to improvements in release detection
or emergency response procedures). Costs will relate to coverage of any
additional sources or implementation of any additional accident
prevention or emergency response program requirements that are imposed.
 Risks: Risks will be examined during the development of the
proposal.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Sectors Affected: 11 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting;
444 Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers; 325
Chemical Manufacturing; 445 Food and Beverage Stores; 45431 Fuel
Dealers; 424 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods; 21 Mining,
Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction; 32411 Petroleum Refineries; 486
Pipeline Transportation; 3221 Pulp, Paper, and Paperboard Mills; 482
Rail Transportation; 488 Support Activities for Transportation; 221
Utilities; 493 Warehousing and Storage; 562 Waste Management and
Remediation Services.
 URL For More Information: http://www2.epa.gov/rmp.
 Agency Contact: James Belke, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid
Waste and Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
564-8023, Fax: 202 564-8444, Email: belke.jim@epa.gov
 Kathy Franklin, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5104A, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 564-7987,
Fax: 202 564-2625, Email: Franklin.Kathy@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG82

EPA--AIR AND RADIATION (AR)

Final Rule Stage

133. Petroleum Refinery Sector Risk and Technology Review and New
Source Performance Standards

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: Clean Air Act sec 111 and 112
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60; 40 CFR 63.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, May 15, 2014, Consent decree
deadline for proposed rule--Air Alliance Houston, et al. v. McCarthy;
12-1607 (RMC); USDC for the District of Columbia filed 1/13/14.
 Final, Judicial, April 17, 2015, Consent decree deadline for final
rule--Air Alliance Houston, et al. v. McCarthy; 12-1607 (RMC); USDC for
the District of Columbia filed 1/13/14.
 Abstract: This action pertains to the Petroleum Refining industry
and specifically to petroleum refinery sources that are subject to
maximum achievable control technology (MACT) standards in 40 CFR part
63, subparts CC (Refinery MACT 1) and UUU (Refinery MACT 2) and new
source performance standards (NSPS) in 40 CFR part 60, subpart Ja. This
action is the Petroleum Refining Sector Rulemaking which will address
our obligation to perform Risk and Technology Reviews (RTR) for
Petroleum Refinery MACT 1 and 2 source categories and will address
issues related to the reconsideration of Petroleum Refinery New Source
Performance Standard (NSPS) subpart Ja. Petroleum refineries are
facilities engaged in refining and producing products made from crude
oil or unfinished petroleum derivatives. Emission sources include
petroleum refinery-specific process units unique to the industry, such
as fluid catalytic cracking units (FCCU) and catalytic reforming units
(CRU), as well as units and processes commonly found at other types of
manufacturing facilities (including petroleum refineries), such as
storage vessels and wastewater treatment plants. Refinery MACT 1
regulates hazardous air pollutant (HAP) emissions from common processes
such as miscellaneous process vents (e.g., delayed coking vents),
storage vessels, wastewater, equipment leaks, loading racks, marine
tank vessel loading and heat exchange systems at petroleum refineries.
Refinery MACT 2 regulates HAP from those processes that are unique to
the industry including sulfur recovery units (SRU) and from catalyst
regeneration in FCCU and CRU. A proposed rule was signed on 5/15/14 and
published in the Federal Register on 6/30/14 (79 FR 36880). The EPA is
reviewing comments and preparing a final rule for signature in 2015.
 Statement of Need: This proposal is required by Clean Air Act
Section 112 to review technology-based standards and revise them as
necessary but no less frequently than every eight years under 112
(d)(6) and to review and reduce remaining risk (ie., residual)
according to Section 112 (f).
 Summary of Legal Basis: Environmental and other public health
groups filed a lawsuit alleging that EPA missed statutory deadlines to
review and revise Refinery MACT 1 and 2. The EPA reached an agreement
to settle this litigation, and in a consent decree filed January 13,
2014 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, EPA
committed to perform the risk and technology review for Refinery MACT 1
and 2 by May 15, 2014 to either propose any regulations or propose that
addiitonal regulations are not necessary. Under the consent decree, EPA
comitted

[[Page 76629]]

to take final action by April 17, 2015, establishing regulations
pursuant to the risk and technology review or to issue a final
determination that revision to the existing rules is not necessary.
 Alternatives: Alternatives were discussed in the proposal preamble
published on June 30, 2014, at 79 FR 36879.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: For the proposal, estimated total
capital investment--240 million, total annualized cost--42 million;
Projected reductions of 52,000 tons VOC, 5,560 tons of HAP.
 Risks: The risk addressed is human health risk. The proposal
estimated that cancer incidence would be reduced by 15% over the
current baseline as a result of proposed amendments.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/30/14 79 FR 36879
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/15/14 79 FR 48111
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0682.
 Sectors Affected: 324110 Petroleum Refineries.
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/ttn/atw/petrefine/petrefpg.html.
 Agency Contact: Brenda Shine, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, E143-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
541-3608, Fax: 919 541-0246, Email: shine.brenda@epamail.epa.gov
 Penny Lassiter, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
E143-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-5396, Fax:
919 541-0246, Email: lassiter.penny@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ75

EPA--AR

134. Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions From New
Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will establish the first new source
performance standards for greenhouse gas emissions. This rule will
establish carbon dioxide (CO2) emission standards for certain new
fossil fuel-fired electric generating units.
 Statement of Need: EGU GHG NSPS is the first action item in
President Obama's Climate Action Plan (CAP). The CAP called for the EPA
to issue a proposal by September 20, 2013 to regulate carbon emissions
from fossil fuel-fired power plants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and this is
subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as amended
in 1990.
 Alternatives: The three alternatives the EPA considered in the BSER
analysis for new fossil fuel-fired utility boilers and IGCC units are:
(1) Highly efficient new generation that does not include CCS
technology, (2) highly efficient new generation with ``full capture''
CCS and (3) highly efficient new generation with ``partial capture''
CCS.
 We considered two alternatives in evaluating the BSER for new
fossil fuel-fired stationary combustion turbines: (1) Modern, efficient
NGCC units and (2) modern, efficient NGCC units with CCS.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Under a wide range of electricity
market conditions--including the EPA's baseline scenario as well as
multiple sensitivity analyses--EPA projects that the industry will
choose to construct new units that already meet these standards,
regardless of this proposal. As a result, the EPAanticipates that the
proposed EGU New Source GHG Standards will result in negligible CO2
emission changes, energy impacts, benefits or costs for new units
constructed by 2020.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Finding for Greenhouse Gases
Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act. The EPA made this
determination based primarily upon the recent, major assessments by the
U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), the National Research
Council (NRC) of the National Academies and the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change (IPCC).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/13/12 77 FR 22392
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/04/12 77 FR 26476
Notice.............................. 01/08/14 79 FR 1352
Second NPRM......................... 01/08/14 79 FR 1429
Notice.............................. 02/26/14 79 FR 10750
Comment Period Extended............. 03/06/14 79 FR 12681
Final Rule.......................... 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2011-0660.
 Sectors Affected: 221 Utilities.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OAR-2011-0660-0001.
 Agency Contact: Nick Hutson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919
451-2968, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: hutson.nick@epa.gov
 Christian Fellner, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and
Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-
4003, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: fellner.christian@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AQ91

EPA--AR

135. Implementation of the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards
for Ozone: State Implementation Plan Requirements

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 7409; 42 U.S.C. 7410; 42 U.S.C. 7511 to
7511f; 42 U.S.C. 7601(a)(1)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 50; 40 CFR 51; 40 CFR 70; 40 CFR 71.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will address a range of state
implementation requirements for the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality
Standards (NAAQS) for ozone, including requirements pertaining to
attainment demonstrations, reasonable further progress, reasonably
available control technology, reasonably available control measures,
nonattainment new source review, emission inventories, and the timing
of State Implementation Plan (SIP) submissions and compliance with
emission control measures in the SIP. Other issues also addressed in
this final rule are the revocation of the 1997 ozone NAAQS for purposes
other than transportation conformity; anti-backsliding requirements
that would apply when the 1997 NAAQS are revoked; and the section 185
fee program.

[[Page 76630]]

Statement of Need: This rule is needed to establish requirements
for what states must include in their state implementation plans (SIPs)
to bring nonattainment areas into compliance with the 2008 ozone NAAQS.
There is no court-ordered deadline for this final rule. However, the
CAA requires the nonattainment area plans addressed by this rule to be
developed and submitted by states within 2 to 3 years after the July
20, 2012 date of nonattainment designations.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CAA section 110 authorizes EPA to require
state planning to attain the NAAQS and to help states implement their
plans.
 Alternatives: The rule included several alternatives for meeting
implementation requirements, including but not limited to options for
SIP submittal dates, NOX substitution for VOC in RFP SIPs,
alternative baseline years for RFP and alternatives for addressing
anti-backsliding requirements once the 1997 ozone NAAQS has been
revoked. The EPA solicited comments on a number of topics, including
alternative approaches to achieving RFP, RACT flexibility and alternate
revocation dates for the 1997 ozone NAAQS.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The annual burden for this
information collection averaged over the first 3 years is estimated to
be a total of 120,000 labor hours per year at an annual labor cost of
$2.4 million (present value) over the 3-year period or approximately
$91,000 per state for the 26 state respondents, including the District
of Columbia. The average annual reporting burden is 690 hours per
response, with approximately 2 responses per state for 58 state
respondents. There are no capital or operating and maintenance costs
associated with the proposed rule requirements. Burden is defined at 5
CFR 1320.3(b).
 Risks: Ozone concentrations that exceed the National Ambient Air
Quality Standards (NAAQS) to can cause adverse public health and
welfare effects, as discussed in the March 27, 2008 Final Rule for
NAAQS for Ozone (73 FR 16436).
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/06/13 78 FR 34177
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/24/13 78 FR 44485
Final Rule.......................... 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0885.
 URL For More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/air/ozonepollution/actions.html#impl.
 Agency Contact: Karl Pepple, Environmental Protection Agency, Air
and Radiation, C539-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 206
553-1778, Fax: 919 541-0824, Email: pepple.karl@epa.gov
 Megan Brachtl, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
C539-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 541-2648, Fax:
919 541-5315, Email: brachtl.megan@epa.gov
 RIN: 2060-AR34

EPA--AR

136. Carbon Pollution Standards for Modified and Reconstructed
Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: CAA 111
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 60.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This final rule will amend the electric generating units
(EGU) New Source Performance Standards for modified and reconstructed
facilities for greenhouse gas (GHG) under Clean Air Act section 111(b).
 Statement of Need: The issuance of standards of performance for
modified and reconstructed power plants is an action item in President
Obama's Climate Action Plan (CAP). The CAP calls for the EPA to issue a
proposal by no later than June 1, 2014 and to issue a final rule by no
later than June 1, 2015.
 Summary of Legal Basis: CO2 is a regulated pollutant and
thus is subject to regulation under section 111 of the Clean Air Act as
amended in 1990.
 Alternatives: Alternatives were discussed in the proposal preamble
published on June 18, 2014, at 79 FR 34959.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA anticipates few covered
units will trigger the reconstruction or modification provisions in the
period of analysis (through 2025). As a result, we do not anticipate
any significant costs or benefits associated with this proposal.
 Risks: The risk addressed is the current and future threat of
climate change to public health and welfare, as demonstrated in the
2009 Endangerment and Cause or Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases
under section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/18/14 79 FR 34959
NPRM Comment Period End............. 10/16/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0603.
 Agency Contact: Christian Fellner, Environmental Protection Agency,
Air and Radiation, D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone:
919 541-4003, Fax: 919 541-5450, Email: fellner.christian@epa.gov
 Nick Hutson, Environmental Protection Agency, Air and Radiation,
D243-01, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711, Phone: 919 451-2968, Fax:
919 541-5450, Email: hutson.nick@epa.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 2060-AQ91, Related to 2060-AR33
 RIN: 2060-AR88

EPA--OFFICE OF CHEMICAL SAFETY AND POLLUTION PREVENTION (OCSPP)

Final Rule Stage

137. Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Protection Standard Revisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 7 U.S.C. 136w
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 170.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: On March 19, 2014, the EPA proposed to revise the federal
regulations issued under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) that direct agricultural worker protection (40
CFR 170). The proposed changes are in response to extensive stakeholder
review of the regulation and its implementation since 1992, and reflect
current research on how to mitigate occupational pesticide exposure to
agricultural workers and pesticide handlers. The EPA is proposing to
strengthen the protections provided to agricultural workers and
handlers under the worker protection standard by improving elements of
the existing regulation, such as training, notification, communication
materials, use of personal protective equipment, and decontamination
supplies. The EPA expects the revisions, once final, to prevent
unreasonable adverse effects from exposure to pesticides among
agricultural workers and pesticide

[[Page 76631]]

handlers; vulnerable groups, such as minority and low-income
populations, child farmworkers, and farmworker families; and the
general public. The EPA recognizes the importance and independence of
family farms and is proposing to expand the immediate family exemption
to the WPS.
 Statement of Need: Stakeholders have identified gaps in the
protections in the current worker protection regulations. Revisions to
the regulations are necessary to better protect agricultural workers
and pesticide handlers from unreasonable adverse effects of pesticide
exposure.
 Summary of Legal Basis: This rulemaking is being developed under
the authority of sections 2 through 35 of the Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), 7 U.S.C. 136-136y, and
particularly section 25(a), 7 U.S.C. 136w(a).
 Alternatives: EPA proposed several amendments to the existing WPS
requirements, including: amending the existing pesticide safety
training content, retraining interval (frequency), and qualifications
of trainers; ensuring workers receive safety information before
entering any pesticide treated area by amending the existing grace
period and expanding the training required during the grace period;
establishing a minimum age of 16 for handlers and for workers who enter
an area under an re-entry interval (REI); establishing requirements for
specific training and notification for workers who enter an area under
an REI; restricting persons' entry into areas adjacent to a treated
area during an application; enhancing the requirement for employers to
post warning signs around treated areas; modifying the content of the
warning sign; adding information employers must keep under the
requirement to maintain application-specific information; requiring
recordkeeping for pesticide safety training and worker entry into areas
under an REI; ensuring the immediate family exemption includes an
exemption from the proposed minimum age requirements for handlers and
early-entry workers; and expanding the definition of immediate family
to allow more family-owned operations to qualify for the exemptions to
the WPS requirements. EPA considered a variety of alternatives for each
of the proposed changes. The published NPRM describes each of the
alternatives considered in detail.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The Economic Analysis issued with
the proposed rule provides the EPA's analysis of the potential costs
and impacts associated with the proposed rule. As proposed, the
estimated cost is between $62 and $73 million annually, with most of
the cost on the agricultural employer; and the quantified benefits are
estimated between $5-$14 million annually, from avoided acute
illnesses. A break even analysis of the potential reduction in chronic
illnesses indicates that only 53 cases of several chronic illnesses
(Parkinson's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, prostate cancer, lung
cancer, chronic bronchitis, and asthma) would satisfy the gap between
the quantified benefits and the cost.
 Risks: Agricultural workers and pesticide handlers are at risk from
pesticide exposure through their work activities, and may put their
families at risk of secondary exposures. In order to address exposure
risks to workers, pesticide handlers, and their families, the Agency
has proposed revisions identified by stakeholders.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/19/14 79 FR 15443
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/14/14 79 FR 27546
NPRM Comment Period End............. 06/17/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 08/18/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0184-0119.
 Sectors Affected: 111 Crop Production; 115 Support Activities for
Agriculture and Forestry; 32532 Pesticide and Other Agricultural
Chemical Manufacturing; 541690 Other Scientific and Technical
Consulting Services; 541712 Research and Development in the Physical,
Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology); 8133 Social
Advocacy Organizations
 URL For More Information: http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/health/worker.htm.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0184.
 Agency Contact: Kathy Davis, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-7002, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email:
davis.kathy@epa.gov
 Richard Pont, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7506P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 305-6448, Fax: 703 308-2962, Email: pont.richard@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ22

EPA--OCSPP

138. Formaldehyde; Third-Party Certification Framework for the
Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2697; TSCA sec 601.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 770.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Deadline for
promulgation of regulations, per 15 U.S.C. 2697(d).
 Abstract: The EPA is developing a final rule under the Formaldehyde
Standards for Composite Wood Products Act was enacted in 2010 as title
VI of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, to establish
specific formaldehyde emission limits for hardwood plywood,
particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard, which are identical to
the California emission limits for these products. In 2013, the EPA
issued a proposed rule under TSCA title VI to establish a framework for
a TSCA title VI Third-Party Certification Program whereby third-party
certifiers (TPCs) are accredited by accreditation bodies (ABs) so that
they may certify composite wood product panel producers under TSCA
title VI. The proposed rule identifies the roles and responsibilities
of the groups involved in the TPC process (EPA, ABs, and TPCs), as well
as the criteria for participation in the program. This proposal
contains general requirements for TPCs, such as conducting and
verifying formaldehyde emission tests, inspecting and auditing panel
producers, and ensuring that panel producers' quality assurance and
quality control procedures comply with the regulations set forth in the
proposed rule. A separate Regulatory Agenda entry (RIN 2070-AJ92)
covers the other proposed regulation to implement the statutory
formaldehyde emission standards for hardwood plywood, medium-density
fiberboard, and particleboard sold, supplied, offered for sale, or
manufactured (including imported) in the United States. EPA may decide
to issue a single final rule to promulgate the final requirements
related to both proposed rules.
 Statement of Need: TSCA title VI directs the EPA to promulgate

[[Page 76632]]

regulations to implement the statutory formaldehyde emission standards
and emissions testing requirements for composite wood products
(hardwood plywood, particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard). It
also directs the EPA to include regulatory provisions relating to
third-party testing and certification in addition to the auditing and
reporting of third-party certifiers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA is issuing this rule under title VI
of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, enacted in
the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act of 2010,
which provides authority for the EPA to ``[Acirc]`[Acirc]`promulgate
regulations to implement the standards required under subsection (b) of
the Act. This provision includes authority to promulgate regulations
relating to [Acirc]`[Acirc]`third-party testing and certification' and
[Acirc]`[Acirc]`auditing and reporting of third-party certifiers.''
 Alternatives: As explained in the proposed rule, EPA considered a
variety of alternatives. EPA considered directly operating a program
for the accreditation of TPCs instead of entering into recognition
agreements with ABs for that purpose. EPA considered increasing the
amount of time for receiving accreditations under TSCA Title VI that
was proposed to be afforded to TPCs that are already recognized by the
California Air Resources Board (CARB). In addition, EPA considered
requiring TPCs to be reaccredited every 2 years (which would align with
CARB's requirements) instead of every 3 year years, and requiring Abs
to audit TPCs once every 3 years instead of every 2 years (which would
align with the proposed 3 year accreditation period). EPA also
considered alternative retailer recordkeeping provisions for records
related to the manufacture of component parts and finished goods prior
to the effective date of the final rule. Finally, while the Agency did
not propose mandatory electronic reporting for information that ABs and
TPCs would be required to submit under the proposed rule, EPA sought
public comment on such a requirement. EPA is evaluating public comments
concerning the proposed rule and alternatives as it formulates the
final rule.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issued with the proposed rule, the
Economic Analysis provides the EPA analysis of the potential costs and
impacts associated with this rulemaking. As proposed, the annualized
costs are estimated at approximately $34,000 per year using either a 3%
discount rate or a 7% discount rate. This rule would impact an
estimated 9 small entities, of which 8 are expected to have impacts of
less than 1% of revenues or expenses, and 1 is expected to have impacts
between 1% and 3%. State, Local, and Tribal Governments are not
expected to be subject to the rule's requirements, which apply to
third-party certifiers and accreditation bodies. The rule does not have
a significant intergovernmental mandate, significant or unique effect
on small governments, or have Federalism implications.
 Risks: At room temperature, formaldehyde is a colorless, flammable
gas that has a distinct, pungent smell. Small amounts of formaldehyde
are naturally produced by plants, animals and humans. Formaldehyde is
used widely by industry to manufacture a range of building materials
and numerous household products. It is in resins used to manufacture
some composite wood products (e.g., hardwood plywood, particleboard and
medium-density fiberboard). Everyone is exposed to small amounts of
formaldehyde in the air, some foods, and products, including composite
wood products. The primary way you can be exposed to formaldehyde is by
breathing air containing it. Formaldehyde can cause irritation of the
skin, eyes, nose, and throat. High levels of exposure may cause some
types of cancers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 12/03/08 73 FR 73620
Second ANPRM........................ 01/30/09 74 FR 5632
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34795
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/23/13 78 FR 44090
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/21/13 78 FR 51696
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Docket #: ANPRM stage: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2008-
0627; NPRM Stage: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2011-0380. See also RIN 2070-AJ92.
 Sectors Affected: 541611 Administrative Management and General
Management Consulting Services; 541990 All Other Professional,
Scientific, and Technical Services; 561990 All Other Support Services;
813910 Business Associations; 541330 Engineering Services; 813920
Professional Organizations; 321219 Reconstituted Wood Product
Manufacturing; 541380 Testing Laboratories; 3212 Veneer, Plywood, and
Engineered Wood Product Manufacturing
 URL For More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/opptintr/chemtest/formaldehyde/index.html.
 URL For Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPPT-2011-0380-0001.
 Agency Contact: Robert Courtnage, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-1081, Email: courtnage.robert@epa.gov
 Toiya Goodlow, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Chemical
Safety and Pollution Prevention, Mail Code 7404T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave
NW, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-2305, Email:
goodlow.toiya@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ44

EPA--OCSPP

139. Formaldehyde Emissions Standards for Composite Wood Products

Priority: Other Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 15 U.S.C. 2697; TSCA sec 601.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 770.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Statutory
Deadline. NPRM, Statutory, January 1, 2013, Deadline is for issuance of
FINAL Rule.
 Abstract: The EPA is developing a final rule under the Formaldehyde
Standards for Composite Wood Products Act that was enacted in 2010 as
title VI of Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, and
requires that the EPA promulgate implementing regulations to establish
specific formaldehyde emission limits for hardwood plywood,
particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard, which limits are
identical to the California emission limits for these products. In
2013, the EPA proposed regulations to implement emissions standards
established by TSCA title VI for composite wood products sold,
supplied, offered for sale, or manufactured in the United States.
Pursuant to TSCA section 3(7), the

[[Page 76633]]

definition of ``manufacture'' includes import. As required by title VI,
these regulations apply to hardwood plywood, medium-density fiberboard,
and particleboard. TSCA title VI also directs EPA to promulgate
supplementary provisions to ensure compliance with the emissions
standards, including provisions related to labeling; chain of custody
requirements; sell-through provisions; ULEF resins; no-added
formaldehyde-based resins; finished goods; third-party testing and
certification; auditing and reporting of third-party certifiers;
recordkeeping; enforcement; laminated products; and exceptions from the
requirements of regulations promulgated pursuant to this subsection for
products and components containing de minimis amounts of composite wood
products. A separate Regulatory Agenda entry (RIN 2070-AJ44) addresses
requirements for accrediting bodies and third-party certifiers. EPA may
decide to issue a single final rule to promulgate the final
requirements related to both proposed rules.
 Statement of Need: TSCA title VI directs the EPA to promulgate
regulations to implement the statutory formaldehyde emission standards
and emissions testing requirements for composite wood products
(hardwood plywood, particleboard, and medium-density fiberboard).
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA is issuing this rule under title VI
of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), 15 U.S.C. 2697, enacted in
the Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products Act of 2010,
which directs EPA to promulgate regulations to implement the
formaldehyde emission standards and emissions testing requirements
established by the Act. Congress directed the EPA to consider a number
of elements for inclusion in the implementing regulations, many of
which are aspects of the California Air Resources Board (CARB) program.
These elements include: (a) labeling, (b) chain of custody
requirements, (c) sell-through provisions, (d) ultra low-emitting
formaldehyde resins, (e) no-added formaldehyde-based resins, (f)
finished goods, (g) third-party testing and certification, (h) auditing
and reporting of TPCs, (i) recordkeeping, (j) enforcement, (k)
laminated products, and (l) exceptions from the requirements of
regulations promulgated for products and components containing de
minimis amounts of composite wood products.
 Alternatives: TSCA Title VI establishes national formaldehyde
emission standards for composite wood products and the EPA has not been
given the authority to change those standards. EPA considered various
alternatives to other proposed requirements. With respect to a
definition of hardwood plywood, EPA considered exempting all laminated
products from the definition, exempting all laminated products except
architectural panels and custom plywood, exempting laminated products
made using no-added formaldehyde (NAF) resins to attach veneer to
platforms certified as NAF, and exempting laminated products made using
NAF resins to attach veneer to compliant and certified platforms. EPA
also considered allowing certifications for ultra-low emitting
formaldehyde. Furthermore, EPA considered reduced recordkeeping
requirements for firms that do not qualify as manufacturers under TSCA,
not requiring notification to suppliers that the products supplied must
comply with TSCA Title VI, and allowing to tested lots to be shipped
before test results are available. EPA is evaluating implementation
alternatives in this rulemaking and public comments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Issued with the proposed rule, the
Economic Analysis provides the EPA's analysis of the potential costs
and benefits associated with this rulemaking. As proposed, this
rulemaking will reduce exposures to formaldehyde, resulting in benefits
from avoided adverse health effects. For the subset of health effects
where the results were quantified, the estimated annualized benefits
(due to avoided incidence of eye irritation and nasopharyngeal cancer)
are $20 million to $48 million per year using a 3% discount rate, and
$9 million to $23 million per year using a 7% discount rate. There are
additional unquantified benefits due to other avoided health effects.
The annualized costs are estimated at $72 million to $81 million per
year using a 3% discount rate, and $80 million to $89 million per year
using a 7% discount rate. Government entities are not expected to be
subject to the rule's requirements, which apply to entities that
manufacture (including import), fabricate, distribute, or sell
composite wood products. EPA also estimated that the rulemaking would
impact nearly 879,000 small businesses: Over 851,000 have costs impacts
less than 1% of revenues, over 23,000 firms have impacts between 1% and
3%, and over 4,000 firms have impacts greater than 3% of revenues. Most
firms with impacts over 1% have annualized costs of less than $250 per
year. This rule increases the level of environmental protection for all
affected populations without having any disproportionately high and
adverse human health or environmental effects on any population,
including any minority or low-income population or children. The
estimated costs of the proposed rule exceed the quantified benefits.
There are additional unquantified benefits due to other avoided health
effects. After assessing both the costs and the benefits of the
proposal, including the unquantified benefits, EPA has made a reasoned
determination that the benefits of the proposal justify its costs.
 Risks: At room temperature, formaldehyde is a colorless, flammable
gas that has a distinct, pungent smell. Small amounts of formaldehyde
are naturally produced by plants, animals and humans. Formaldehyde is
used widely by industry to manufacture a range of building materials
and numerous household products. It is in resins used to manufacture
some composite wood products (e.g., hardwood plywood, particleboard and
medium-density fiberboard). Everyone is exposed to small amounts of
formaldehyde in the air, some foods, and products, including composite
wood products. The primary way you can be exposed to formaldehyde is by
breathing air containing it. Formaldehyde can cause irritation of the
skin, eyes, nose, and throat. High levels of exposure may cause some
types of cancers.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/10/13 78 FR 34820
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/23/13 78 FR 44089
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 08/21/13 78 FR 51695
Notice.............................. 04/08/14 79 FR 19305
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 05/09/14 79 FR 26678
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/26/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 International Impacts: This regulatory action will be likely to
have international trade and investment effects, or otherwise be of
international interest.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2012-0018. See also
RIN 2070-AJ44.
 Sectors Affected: 325199 All Other Basic Organic Chemical
Manufacturing;

[[Page 76634]]

337212 Custom Architectural Woodwork and Millwork Manufacturing; 321213
Engineered Wood Member (except Truss) Manufacturing; 423210 Furniture
Merchant Wholesalers; 442110 Furniture Stores; 444130 Hardware Stores;
321211 Hardwood Veneer and Plywood Manufacturing; 444110 Home Centers;
337127 Institutional Furniture Manufacturing; 423310 Lumber, Plywood,
Millwork, and Wood Panel Merchant Wholesalers; 453930 Manufactured
(Mobile) Home Dealers; 321991 Manufactured Home (Mobile Home)
Manufacturing; 336213 Motor Home Manufacturing; 337122 Nonupholstered
Wood Household Furniture Manufacturing; 444190 Other Building Material
Dealers; 423390 Other Construction Material Merchant Wholesalers;
325211 Plastics Material and Resin Manufacturing; 321992 Prefabricated
Wood Building Manufacturing; 321219 Reconstituted Wood Product
Manufacturing; 441210 Recreational Vehicle Dealers; 337215 Showcase,
Partition, Shelving, and Locker Manufacturing; 321212 Softwood Veneer
and Plywood Manufacturing; 336214 Travel Trailer and Camper
Manufacturing; 337121 Upholstered Household Furniture Manufacturing;
337110 Wood Kitchen Cabinet and Countertop Manufacturing; 337211 Wood
Office Furniture Manufacturing; 337129 Wood Television, Radio, and
Sewing Machine Cabinet Manufacturing
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/opptintr/chemtest/formaldehyde/index.html.
 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-OPPT-2012-0018-0001.
 Agency Contact: Cindy Wheeler, Environmental Protection Agency,
Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington,
DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-0484, Email: wheeler.cindy@epa.gov
 Robert Courtnage, Environmental Protection Agency, Office of
Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, 7404T, Washington, DC 20460,
Phone: 202 566-1081, Email: courtnage.robert@epa.gov
 RIN: 2070-AJ92

EPA--Solid Waste and Emergency Response (SWER)

Final Rule Stage

140. Standards for the Management of Coal Combustion Residuals
Generated by Commercial Electric Power Producers

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect State, local or tribal
governments and the private sector.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6905; 42 U.S.C. 6906; 42 U.S.C.
6907(a)(3); 42 U.S.C. 6912; 42 U.S.C. 6912(a); 42 U.S.C. 6912(a)(1); 42
U.S.C. 6921; 42 U.S.C. 6922; 42 U.S.C. 6923; 42 U.S.C. 6924; 42 U.S.C.
6925; 42 U.S.C. 6925(j); 42 U.S.C. 6935; 42 U.S.C. 6936; 42 U.S.C.
6937; 42 U.S.C. 6944(a); 42 U.S.C. 6949a(c); 33 U.S.C. 1345(d); 33
U.S.C. 1345(e)
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 257; 261; 264; 265; 268; 271; 302.
 Legal Deadline: Final, Judicial, December 19, 2014, Signature date.
 Abstract: On June 21, 2010, the EPA proposed, under the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) to regulate coal combustion
residuals (CCRs) generated from the combustion of coal at electric
utilities and independent power producers to address risks from the
disposal of CCRs in surface impoundments and landfills. The EPA sought
public comments on two regulatory approaches. One proposed option would
be to list these residuals as ``special wastes,'' and draws from
remedies available under subtitle C of RCRA, which creates a
comprehensive program of federally enforceable requirements for waste
management and disposal. The other proposed option included remedies
under subtitle D of RCRA, which gives the EPA authority to set disposal
standards for waste management facilities. Under both options, the EPA
proposed not to regulate the beneficial use of CCRs, such as its use in
concrete. In addition, this rule did not address CCRs generated from
non-utility boilers burning coal, nor would it address the placement of
coal combustion residuals in mines or non-minefill uses of CCRs at coal
mine sites. Since the publication of the proposed rule, EPA has issued
three Notices of Data Availability (NODAs) seeking public comment on
additional data and information obtained by the EPA. In the most recent
NODA, issued on August 2, 2013, the EPA invited comment on additional
information to supplement the Regulatory Impact Analysis and risk
assessment; information on large scale fill; and data on the surface
impoundment structural integrity assessments. With this NODA, the EPA
also sought comment on two issues associated with the requirements for
CCR management units, closure and the construction of new units over
pre-existing CCR landfills and surface impoundments. Under a consent
decree, a final rule must be signed no later than December 19, 2014.
 Statement of Need: The EPA is proposing to regulate for the first
time, coal combustion residuals under the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act (RCRA) to address the risks from the disposal of coal
combustion residuals in surface impoundments and landfills, generated
from the combustion of coal at electric utilities and by independent
power producers.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The CCR rule was proposed under the
authority of sections 1008(a), 2002(a), 3001, 3004, 3005, and 4004 of
the Solid Waste Disposal Act of 1970, as amended by RCRA and as amended
by the hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984 (HSWA). These
statutes, combined, are commonly referred to as ``RCRA.'' RCRA section
1008(a) authorizes the EPA to publish ``suggested guidelines for solid
waste management.'' Such guidelines must provide a technical and
economic descriptions of the level of performance that can be achieved
by available solid waste management practices that provide for the
protection of human health and the environment. RCRA section 2002
grants the EPA broad authority to prescribe, in consultation with
federal, state and regional authorities, such regulations as are
necessary to carry out the function under federal solid waste disposal
laws. RCRA section 3001(b) requires EPA to list particular wastes that
will be subject to the requirements established under subtitle C.
Section 3001(b)(3)(A) generally establishes a temporary exemption for
CCRs primarily from the combustion of coal or other fossil fuels and
requires the EPA to conduct a study to determine whether these waste
should be regulated under Subtitle C or RCRA. Section 3004 generally
requires EPA to establish standards for the treatment, storage, and
disposal of hazardous waste to ensure protection of human health and
the environment. RCRA section 3004(x) allows the Administrator to
tailor certain specified requirements for particular categories of
wastes. RCRA section 3005 generally requires that any facility that
treats, stores, or disposes of wastes identified or listed under
subtitle C, to have a permit. RCRA section 4004 requires the EPA to
promulgate regulations

[[Page 76635]]

containing criteria for determining which facilities shall be
classified as sanitary landfills (and not open dumps).
 Alternatives: In the proposed rule EPA considered two options for
the regulation of CCRs. Under the first option, the EPA would reverse
its August 1993 and May 2000 Bevill Regulatory Determinations regarding
CCRs and list these residuals as special wastes subject to regulation
under subtitle C of RCRA, when they are destined for disposal in
landfills or surface impoundments. Under the second option, the EPA
would leave the Bevill determination in place and regulate the disposal
of such materials under subtitle D of RCRA by issuing national minimum
criteria. Under both options, the EPA considered establishing dam
safety requirements to address the structural integrity of surface
impoundment to prevent catastrophic releases. The EPA also solicited
comment on a number of alternatives including several combination
approaches, such as regulating surface impoundments under subtitle C of
RCRA while regulating landfills under subtitle D or RCRA.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA estimated the potential
costs and benefits of the proposed CCR rule in a regulatory impact
analysis (RIA) dated April 2010. Although in June 2010 the EPA co-
proposed two regulatory options (i.e., subtitle C and subtitle D
options) for the CCR rule, the RIA evaluated three regulatory
approaches to the proposed rule: subtitle C, subtitle D, and subtitle
``D Prime'' options. The RIA is available from the regulatory docket as
document ID number EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640-0003. Based on a 50-year
future period of analysis using a 7% discount rate at year 2009 price
level, the RIA estimated the potential average annual future costs of
these three options to range between $1,474 million, $587 million, and
$236 million per year, respectively. These costs are associated with 12
to 19 different combinations of pollution controls (i.e., engineering
controls & ancillary requirements) proposed for each option such as
groundwater monitoring, landfill and impoundment bottom liners,
fugitive dust controls, and location restrictions, to name a few.
 Based on three monetized benefit categories consisting of (a)
avoided future groundwater contamination from CCR landfills and
impoundments, (b) avoided future CCR impoundment structural failures,
and (c) induced future increase in the beneficial uses of CCR as a
substitute ingredient in concrete, cement, wallboard, and about a dozen
other markets, the RIA estimated the potential future average annual
benefits of the three options to range between $6,320 to $7,405, $2,533
to $3,026 and $1,023 to $1,268 per year, respectively. Because some
stakeholders during the development of the CCR proposed rule asserted
to the EPA a potential future stigma effect in beneficial use markets
under the Subtitle C option, the RIA also evaluated a potential dis-
benefit decrease in CCR beneficial uses under an alternative scenario,
as well as under a no change in beneficial use scenario.
 Risks: The EPA's damage cases and risk assessments all indicated
the potential for CCR landfills and surface impoundments to leach
hazardous constituents into groundwater, impairing drinking water
supplies and causing adverse impacts on human health and the
environment. Indeed, groundwater contamination is one of the key
environmental risks the EPA has identified with CCR landfills and
surface impoundments. Furthermore, as mentioned previously, the
legislative history of RCRA specifically evidences concerns over
groundwater contamination from disposal units. Composite liners, as
modeled in the 2010 draft risk assessment, effectively reduce risks
from all constituents to below the risk criteria for both landfills and
surface impoundments at the 90th and 50th percentiles. Thus, the
requirements for new units to be composite lined will reduce future
risks significantly. However, the EPA proposed several regulatory
alternatives that may or may not require existing units without
composite liners to close.
 To this end, groundwater monitoring is a key mechanism for
facilities to verify that the existing containment structures, such as
liners and leachate collection and removal systems, are functioning as
intended. Thus, the EPA believes that, in order for a CCR landfill or
surface impoundment to meet RCRA's protection standard, a system of
routine groundwater monitoring to detect any such contamination from a
disposal unit, and corrective action requirements to address identified
contamination, is necessary. EPA's proposed groundwater monitoring
criteria require a system of monitoring wells be installed at new and
existing CCR landfills and surface impoundments. The proposed criteria
also provide procedures for sampling these wells and methods for
statistical analysis of the analytical data derived from the well
samples to detect the presence of hazardous constituents released from
these facilities. The Agency proposed a groundwater monitoring program
consisting of detection monitoring, assessment monitoring, and a
corrective action program. This phased approach to groundwater
monitoring and corrective action programs provide for a graduated
response over time to the problem of groundwater contamination as the
evidence of such contamination increases. This allows for proper
consideration of the transport characteristics of CCR constituents in
ground water, while protecting human health and the environment, and
minimizing unnecessary costs.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 08/29/07 72 FR 49714
NPRM................................ 06/21/10 75 FR 35128
Notice.............................. 07/15/10 75 FR 41121
Notice.............................. 10/12/11 76 FR 63252
Notice.............................. 08/02/13 78 FR 46940
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-RCRA-2009-0640, EPA-HQ-
RCRA-2011-0392. http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-
RCRA-2009-0640.
 Sectors Affected: 221112 Fossil Fuel Electric Power Generation.
 URL for More Information:
http://www.epa.gov/epawaste/nonhaz/industrial/special/fossil/ccr-rule/index.htm.

 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!docketDetail;D=EPA-HQ-RCRA-2011-0392.
 Agency Contact: Alexander Livnat, Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone:
703 308-7251, Fax: 703 605-0595, Email: Livnat.Alexander@epa.gov
 Steve Souders, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5304P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 308-8431,
Fax: 703 605-0595, Email: souders.steve@epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AE81

EPA--SWER

141. Revising Underground Storage Tank Regulations--Revisions to
Existing Requirements and New Requirements for Secondary Containment
and Operator Training

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.

[[Page 76636]]

Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect the private sector under
Pub. L. 104-4.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 6991et seq.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 280-281.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations were first
promulgated in 1988 primarily to prevent releases from retail petroleum
marketers (gas stations) and other facilities into the environment.
These regulations have reduced the incidents of contamination. However,
there is a need to revise the regulations to incorporate changes to the
UST program from the Energy Policy Act of 2005, as well as to update
outdated portions of the regulations due to changes in technology since
the 1980s. On August 8, 2005, President Bush signed the Energy Policy
Act of 2005 (EPAct). Title XV, Subtitle B of this act (entitled the
Underground Storage Tank Compliance Act of 2005), amends Subtitle I of
the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the original legislation that created the
UST program. There are key provisions of the EPAct that apply to states
receiving federal UST funding but do not apply in Indian Country,
including requirements for secondary containment and operator training.
The EPA will also use our knowledge of the program gained over the last
20 years to update and revise the regulations to make targeted changes
to improve implementation and prevent UST releases. In the NPRM, the
EPA proposed: adding secondary containment requirements for new and
replaced tanks and piping; adding operator training requirements;
adding periodic operation and maintenance requirements for UST systems;
removing certain deferrals; adding new release prevention and detection
technologies; updating codes of practice; making editorial and
technical corrections; and updating state program approval requirements
to incorporate these new changes.
 Statement of Need: The Underground Storage Tank (UST) regulations
were first promulgated in 1988 primarily to prevent releases from
retail petroleum marketers (gas stations) and other facilities into the
environment. These regulations have reduced the incidents of
contamination. However, there is a need to revise the regulations to
incorporate changes to the UST program from the Energy Policy Act of
2005, as well as to update outdated portions of the regulations due to
changes in technology since the 1980s. On August 8, 2005, President
Bush signed the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (EPAct). Title XV, Subtitle B
of this act (entitled the Underground Storage Tank Compliance Act of
2005), amends Subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the original
legislation that created the UST program. There are key provisions of
the EPAct that apply to states receiving federal UST funding but do not
apply in Indian Country, including requirements for secondary
containment and operator training. EPA also used its knowledge of the
program gained over the last 20 years to propose revisions to the
regulations to make targeted changes to improve implementation and
prevent UST releases.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The legal basis for this rulemaking comes
from 42 U.S.C. 6912, 6991, 6991(a), 6991(b), 6991(c), 6991(d), 6991(e),
6991(f), 6991(g), and 6991(h).
 Alternatives: Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA prepared an
analysis of the potential incremental costs and benefits associated
with the revisions to the UST regulation. The RIA estimated regulatory
implementation and compliance costs, as well as benefits for the
regulatory options considered. A substantial portion of the beneficial
impacts associated with the final UST regulation are avoided cleanup
costs as a result of preventing releases and reducing the severity of
releases. Due to data and resource constraints, the EPA was unable to
quantify some of the final UST regulation's benefits, including
avoidance of human health risks, ecological benefits, and mitigation of
acute exposure events and large-scale releases, such as those from
airport hydrant systems and field-constructed tanks. This regulation
will increase the protection of groundwater throughout the country, but
the EPA was unable to place a value on the groundwater protected by
this UST regulation.
 Under the proposed rule, on an annualized basis, the estimated
regulatory compliance costs are $210 million (Selected Option), $520
million (Option 1) and $130 million (Option 2). Separately, the
proposed rule allows for annual cost savings related to avoided costs
of $300-470 million (Selected Option), $310-770 million (Option 1) and
$110-590 million (Option 2).
 Risks: There are approximately 575,000 underground storage tanks
(USTs) nationwide that store petroleum or hazardous substances. The
greatest potential threat from a leaking UST is contamination of
groundwater, the source of drinking water for nearly half of all
Americans.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/18/11 76 FR 71708
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 02/15/12 77 FR 8757
Final Rule.......................... 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No
 Small Entities Affected: No
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State, Tribal
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-UST-2011-0301
 Sectors Affected: 72 Accommodation and Food Services; 481 Air
Transportation; 48811 Airport Operations; 112 Animal Production; 111
Crop Production; 2211 Electric Power Generation, Transmission and
Distribution; 447 Gasoline Stations; 622 Hospitals; 31-33
Manufacturing; 486 Pipeline Transportation; 44-45 Retail Trade; 485
Transit and Ground Passenger Transportation; 484 Truck Transportation;
483 Water Transportation; 42 Wholesale Trade
 URL for More Information: http://www.epa.gov/oust/fedlaws/proposedregs.html
 URL for Public Comments:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=EPA-HQ-UST-2011-0301-0001
 Agency Contact: Elizabeth McDermott, Environmental Protection
Agency, Solid Waste and Emergency Response, 5401P, Washington, DC
20460,
 Phone: 703 603-7175 Fax: 703 603-0175 Email:
McDermott.Elizabeth@epamail.epa.gov
 Paul Miller, Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste and
Emergency Response, 5401P, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 703 603-7165,
Fax: 703 603-0175, Email: Miller.Paul@epamail.epa.gov
 RIN: 2050-AG46

EPA--WATER (WATER)

Final Rule Stage

142. Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Steam
Electric Power Generating Point Source Category

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Unfunded Mandates: This action may affect State, local or tribal
governments and the private sector.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1311; 33 U.S.C. 1314; 33 U.S.C. 1316; 33
U.S.C. 1317; 33 U.S.C. 1318; 33 U.S.C. 1342; 33 U.S.C. 1361
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 423 revision.

[[Page 76637]]

Legal Deadline: NPRM, Judicial, April 19, 2013, Consent Decree.
 Final, Judicial, September 30, 2015, 9/30/2015--Consent Decree
deadline for Final Action--Defenders of Wildlife v. Jackson, 10-1915,
D. DC
 Abstract: The EPA establishes national technology-based
regulations, called effluent limitations guidelines and standards, to
reduce discharges of pollutants from industries to waters of the U.S.
These requirements are incorporated into National Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System (NPDES) discharge permits issued by the EPA and
states and through the national pretreatment program. The steam
electric effluent limitations guidelines and standards apply to steam
electric power plants using nuclear or fossil fuels, such as coal, oil
and natural gas. There are about 1,200 nuclear- and fossil-fueled steam
electric power plants nationwide; approximately 500 of these power
plants are coal-fired. In a study completed in 2009, EPA found that the
current regulations, which were last updated in 1982, do not adequately
address the pollutants being discharged and have not kept pace with
changes that have occurred in the electric power industry over the last
three decades. The rulemaking may address discharges associated with
coal ash waste and flue gas desulfurization (FGD) air pollution
controls, as well as other power plant waste streams. Power plant
discharges can have major impacts on water quality, including reduced
organism abundance and species diversity, contamination of drinking
water sources, and contamination of fish. Pollutants of concern include
metals (e.g., mercury, arsenic and selenium), nutrients, and total
dissolved solids. The proposed rule was published in the Federal
Register on June 7, 2013 (``Effluent Limitations Guidelines and
Standards for the Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source
Category, '' 78 FR 34431).
 Statement of Need: Steam electric power plants contribute over half
of all toxic pollutants discharged to surface waters by all industrial
categories currently regulated in the United States under the Clean
Water Act. For example, steam electric plants annually discharge:
64,400 lb. of lead [Auml]2,820 lb. of mercury
[Auml]79,200 lb. of arsenic [Auml]225,000 lb. of
selenium [Auml] 1,970,000 lb. of aluminum
[Auml]4,990,000 lb. of zinc [Auml]30,000,000 lb. of
nitrogen [Auml]682,000 lb. of phosphorus 14,500,000 lb. of
manganese [Auml]158,000 lb. of vanadium; and [Auml]27
other pollutants. Discharges of these toxic pollutants are linked to
cancer, neurological damage, and ecological damage. Many of these toxic
pollutants, once in the environment, remain there for years. These
pollutant discharges contribute to: over 160 water bodies not meeting
State quality standards [Auml]185 waters for which there are
fish consumption advisories; and [Auml]degradation of 399 water
bodies across the country that are drinking water supplies. The revised
steam electric rule would strengthen the existing controls on
discharges from these plants. It would set the first Federal limits on
the levels of toxic metals in wastewater that can be discharged from
power plants, based on technology improvements in the industry over the
last three decades.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Section 301(b)(2) of the Clean Water Act
(``CWA'') requires the EPA to promulgate effluent limitations for
categories of point sources, using technology-based standards that
govern the sources' discharge of certain pollutants. 33 U.S.C.
1311(b)(2). Section 304(b) directs the EPA to develop effluent
guidelines that identify certain technologies and control measures
available to achieve effluent reductions for each point source
category, specifying factors to be taken into account in identifying
those technologies and control measures. 33 U.S.C. 1314(b). Since the
1970s, the EPA has formulated effluent limitations and effluent
guidelines in tandem through a single administrative process. Am.
Frozen Food Inst. v. Train, 539 F.2d 107 (D.C. Cir. 1976). For new
sources, the CWA authorizes the EPA to set Standards of Performance for
categories of sources. 33 U.S.C. 1316. For new and existing facilities
that introduce pollutants into Publicly Owned Treatment Works, the EPA
promulgates pretreatment standards. 33 U.S.C. 1317(b), (c). Together,
effluent limitations guidelines, standards of performance, and
pretreatment standards are called ``Effluent Limitations Guidelines and
Standards,'' or ``ELGs.'' The CWA also requires the EPA to perform an
annual review of existing effluent guidelines and to revise them, if
appropriate. 33 U.S.C. 1314(b); see also 33 U.S.C. 1314(m)(1)(A). The
EPA originally established effluent limitations guidelines and
standards for the steam electric generating point source category in
1974 and last updated them in 1982. 47 FR 52,290 (Nov. 19, 1982). As
described above, the EPA determined the existing regulations do not
adequately address the pollutants being discharged and that revisions
are appropriate.
 Alternatives: This analysis will cover various sizes and types of
potentially regulated pollutant discharges and associated control
technologies. For example, the proposal identified four preferred
regulatory options that differ in the number of waste streams covered,
size of the units controlled, and stringency of controls.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA's proposed revisions to the
steam electric rule identified a range of preferred regulatory options.
The EPA's estimates of the annual social costs of the steam electric
rule range from $185 million to $954 million with associated annual
pollutant discharge reductions of 470 million to 2.62 billion pounds
and water use reductions of 50 billion to 103 billion gallons. The
EPA's estimate of the monetized benefits, which only includes a portion
of the benefits, range from $139 million to $483 million. The range
reflects that different regulatory options would control different
wastestreams and provide different stringency of controls.
 Risks: Effluent limitations guidelines and standards are technology
based discharge requirements. As such, EPA has not assessed risk
associated with this action. However, as detailed in the Statement of
Need, toxic pollutant discharges from steam electric plants are linked
to cancer, neurological damage, and ecological damage.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 06/07/13 78 FR 34431
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 07/12/13 78 FR 41907
Final Rule.......................... 09/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: This action may have federalism implications as defined
in EO 13132.
 Additional Information: Docket #:EPA-HQ-OW-2009-0819.
 Sectors Affected: 22111 Electric Power Generation; 221112 Fossil
Fuel Electric Power Generation; 221113 Nuclear Electric Power
Generation.
 URL for More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/scitech/wastetech/guide/steam_index.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Ronald Jordan, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, Mail Code 4303T,1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-1003, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email:
jordan.ronald@epamail.epa.gov
 Jezebele Alicea, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, Mail Code

[[Page 76638]]

4303T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-1755, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email: alicea.jezebele@epamail.epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF14

EPA--WATER

143. Water Quality Standards Regulatory Revisions

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 131 (revision).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: The EPA proposed changes to the water quality standards
(WQS) regulation to improve its effectiveness in helping restore and
maintain the Nation's Waters. The core of the current WQS regulation
has been in place since 1983. Since then, a number of issues have been
raised by stakeholders or identified by the EPA in the implementation
process that will benefit from clarification and greater specificity.
The proposed rule addresses the following six key areas: 1)
Administrator's determination that new or revised WQS are necessary, 2)
designated uses, 3) triennial review requirements, 4) antidegradation,
5) variances to water quality standards, and 6) compliance schedule
authorizing provisions. These revisions will allow the EPA, states and
authorized tribes to better achieve program goals by providing clearer
more streamlined requirements to facilitate enhanced water resource
protection.
 Statement of Need: The core requirements of the current WQS
regulation have been in place for over 30 years. These requirements
have provided a strong foundation for water quality-based controls,
including water quality assessments, impaired waters lists, and total
maximum daily loads (TMDLs) under CWA section 303(d), as well as for
water quality-based effluent limits (WQBELs) in NPDES discharge permits
under CWA section 402. As with the development and operation of any
program, however, a number of policy and technical issues have recurred
over the past 30 years in individual standards reviews, stakeholder
comments, and litigation that the EPA believes would be addressed and
resolved more efficiently by clarifying, updating and revising the
federal WQS regulation to assure greater public transparency, better
stakeholder information, and more effective implementation.
 The basic structure of the water quality standards regulation (40
CFR part 131) was last revised in November 1983. The EPA added tribal
provisions in 1991, ``Alaska rule'' provisions in 2000, and BEACH Act
rule provisions in 2004. At the 15-year point (July 1998), the EPA
issued a comprehensive advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPRM)
and conducted an extensive dialogue with states and the public on over
130 discrete issues. The ANPRM led to some program redirections, but
EPA did not revise the regulation itself at that time. The EPA has
proposed targeted changes to the WQS regulation that aim to improve the
regulation's effectiveness in restoring and maintaining the chemical,
physical and biological integrity of the Nation's waters, and to
clarify and simplify regulatory requirements.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The CWA establishes the basis for the
current WQS regulation and program. Section 303(c) of the Act addresses
the development of state and authorized tribal WQS and provides for the
following: (1) WQS shall consist of designated uses and water quality
criteria based upon such uses; (2) States and authorized tribes shall
establish WQS considering the following possible uses for their waters-
propagation of fish, shellfish and wildlife, recreational purposes,
public water supply, agricultural and industrial water supplies,
navigation, and other uses; (3) State and tribal standards must protect
public health or welfare, enhance the quality of water, and serve the
purposes of the Act; (4) States and tribes must review their standards
at least once every 3 years; and (5) the EPA is required to review any
new or revised state and tribal standards, and is also required to
promulgate federal standards where the EPA finds that new or revised
state or tribal standards are not consistent with applicable
requirements of the Act or in situations where the Administrator
determines that federal standards are necessary to meet the
requirements of the Act.
 The EPA established the core of the current WQS regulation in a
final rule issued in 1983. This rule strengthened previous provisions
that had been in place since 1977 and moved them to a new 40 CFR part
131 (54 FR 51400, November 8, 1983). The resulting regulation describes
how the WQS envisioned in the CWA are to be administered. It clarifies
the content of standards and establishes more detailed provisions for
implementing the provisions of the Act.
 Alternatives: In support of the 1983 regulation, the EPA has issued
a number of guidance documents that have provided guidance on the
interpretation and implementation of the WQS regulation, and on
scientific and technical analyses that are used in making decisions
that would impact WQS. In 1998, the EPA issued an Advance Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) to discuss and invite comment on over 130
aspects of the federal WQS regulation and program, with a goal of
identifying specific changes that might strengthen water quality
protection and restoration, facilitate watershed management
initiatives, and incorporate evolving water quality criteria and
assessment science into state and tribal WQS programs. (63 FR 36742,
July 7, 1998). In response, the EPA received over 3,200 specific
written comments from over 150 comment letters. The EPA also held three
public meetings during the 180-day comment period where additional
comments were received and discussed. Although the EPA chose not to
move forward with a rulemaking after the ANRPM, as a result of the
input received, the EPA identified a number of high priority issue
areas for which the Agency has developed guidance, provided technical
assistance and continued further discussion and dialogue to assure more
effective program implementation. As with the development and operation
of any program, however, a number of policy and technical issues have
recurred over the past 30 years that the EPA believes would be
addressed and resolved more efficiently by clarifying, updating and
revising the Federal WQS regulation to assure greater public
transparency, better stakeholder information, and more effective
implementation.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Because this proposal will not
establish any requirements directly applicable to regulated entities,
the focus of the EPA's economic analysis is to estimate the potential
administrative burden and costs to state, tribal, and territorial
governments, and the EPA. In the proposal the EPA is considering
whether to include a requirement that antidegradation implementation
methods be formally adopted as WQS and thus subject to the EPA's review
and approval or disapproval. This additional requirement would require
affected entities to develop or revise antidegradation implementation
methods, and adopt the implementation methods in WQS, resulting in one-
time (nonrecurring) burden and costs. The total annual costs for this
proposal with the requirement to adopt antidegradation implementation
methods as WQS is estimated to range from $5.98 million to $9.27
million per year. The total annual costs for this

[[Page 76639]]

proposal without the requirement to adopt antidegradation
implementation methods as WQS is estimated to range from $5.84 million
to $9.01 million per year.
 States, tribes, stakeholders, and the public will benefit from the
proposed clarifications of the WQS regulations by ensuring better
utilization of available WQS tools that allow states and tribes the
flexibility to implement their WQS in an efficient manner while
providing transparency and open public participation. Although
associated with potential administrative burden and costs in some
areas, this proposal has the potential to partially offset these costs
by reducing regulatory uncertainty and consequently increasing overall
program efficiency. Furthermore, more efficient and effective
implementation of state and tribal WQS has the potential to provide a
variety of economic benefits associated with cleaner water including
the availability of clean, safe, and affordable drinking water, water
of adequate quality for agricultural and industrial use, and water
quality that supports the commercial fishing industry and higher
property values. Nonmarket benefits of this proposal include the
protection and improvement of public health and greater recreational
opportunities. The EPA acknowledges that achievement of any benefits
associated with cleaner water would involve additional control
measures, and thus costs to regulated entities and non-point sources,
that have not been included in the economic analyses for this proposed
rule. The EPA has not attempted to quantify either the costs of such
control measures that might ultimately be required as a result of this
rule, or the benefits they would provide.
 Risks: Reducing regulatory uncertainty has the impact of increasing
overall program efficiency.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice.............................. 07/30/10 75 FR 44930
NPRM................................ 09/04/13 78 FR 54517
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 11/27/13 78 FR 70905
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 01/02/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, State, Tribal.
 Additional Information: Docket #: EPA-HQ-OW-2010-0606.
 URL for More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/scitech/swguidance/standards/index.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Shari Barash, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, Mail Code 4305T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20460, Phone: 202 566-0996, Fax: 202 566-1053, Email:
barash.shari@epa.gov
 Janita Aguirre, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, Mail Code
4305T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-1149 Fax: 202 566-0409 Email: aguirre.janita@epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF16

EPA--WATER

144. Definition of ``Waters of the United States'' Under the Clean
Water Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 33 U.S.C. 1251
 CFR Citation: 40 CFR 110; 40 CFR 112; 40 CFR 116; 40 CFR 117; 40
CFR 122; 40 CFR 230; 40 CFR 232; 40 CFR 300; 40 CFR 302; 40 CFR 401; 33
CFR 328
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC and Rapanos,
the scope of ``waters of the US'' protected under all CWA programs has
been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty. The Act has a
single definition for ``waters of the United States.'' As a result,
these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA programs. SWANCC
and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory definition of
``waters of the United States.'' However, the decisions established
important considerations for how those regulations should be
interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has identified
several areas that could benefit from additional clarification through
rulemaking. U.S. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed a
rule for determining whether a water is protected by the Clean Water
Act. This rule will make clear which waterbodies are protected under
the Clean Water Act.
 Statement of Need: After U.S. Supreme Court decisions in SWANCC
(Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers, 531 U.S. 159 (2001)) and Rapanos (Rapanos v. United States ,
547 U.S. 715 (2006)), the scope of waters of the US protected under all
CWA programs has been an issue of considerable debate and uncertainty.
The Act has a single definition for waters of the United States. As a
result, these decisions affect the geographic scope of all CWA
programs. SWANCC and Rapanos did not invalidate the current regulatory
definition of waters of the United States. However, the decisions
established important considerations for how those regulations should
be interpreted, and experience implementing the regulations has
identified several areas that could benefit from additional
clarification through rulemaking. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers are developing a proposed rule for determining whether a
water is protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule would clarify
which water bodies are protected under the Clean Water Act.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (Corps) publish for public comment a proposed rule defining
the scope of waters protected under the CWA, in light of the U.S.
Supreme Court cases in U.S. v. Riverside Bayview Homes, Solid Waste
Agency of Northern Cook County v. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
(SWANCC), and Rapanos v. United States (Rapanos). The goal of the
agencies is to ensure the regulatory definition is consistent with the
CWA, as interpreted by the Supreme Court, and as supported by science,
and to provide maximum clarity to the public, as the agencies work to
fulfill the CWA's objectives and policy to protect water quality,
public health, and the environment.
 Alternatives: The agencies solicited comment on a number of issues
throughout the proposed rule preamble. In particular, the agencies
requested comment on alternate approaches to determining whether
``other waters'' are similarly situated and have a ``significant
nexus'' to a traditional navigable water, interstate water, or the
territorial seas. Just as the agencies are seeking comment on a variety
of approaches, or combination of approaches, as to which waters are
jurisdictional, the agencies also request comment on determining which
waters should be determined non-jurisdictional. In addition, the
agencies are seeking comment on alternate approaches to define
``neighboring.''
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The EPA and the Corps of Engineers
prepared an analysis of the potential costs and benefits associated
with this action. The definition of ``waters of the U.S.,'' by itself,
imposes no direct costs. The potential costs and benefits incurred as a
result of this proposed action are considered indirect because the
action involves a definitional change to a term that is used in the

[[Page 76640]]

implementation of a variety of CWA programs. Each of these programs may
subsequently impose direct or indirect costs as a result of
implementation of their specific regulations. The proposed rule would
provide an estimated $388 million to $514 million annually of benefits
to the public, including reducing flooding, filtering pollution,
providing wildlife habitat, supporting hunting and fishing, and
recharging groundwater. The public benefits outweigh the costs of about
$162 million to $278 million per year for mitigating impacts to streams
and wetlands, and taking steps to reduce pollution to waterways.
 Risks: This proposal would enhance protection for the nation's
public health and aquatic resources, and increase CWA program
predictability and consistency by increasing clarity as to the scope of
``waters of the United States'' protected under the Act.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 04/21/14 79 FR 22187
NPRM Comment Period Extended........ 06/24/14 79 FR 35712
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/21/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 10/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 04/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL For More Information:
http://water.epa.gov/lawsregs/guidance/wetlands/CWAwaters.cfm.
 Agency Contact: Donna Downing, Environmental Protection Agency,
Water, 4502T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202 566-2428, Email:
cwawaters@epa.gov
 Rose Kwok, Environmental Protection Agency, Water, 1200
Pennsylvania Ave NW., Mail Code 4502T, Washington, DC 20460, Phone: 202
566-0657, Email: cwawaters@epa.gov
 RIN: 2040-AF30
BILLING CODE 6560-50-P

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION (EEOC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The mission of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC,
Commission, or Agency) is to ensure equality of opportunity in
employment by vigorously enforcing and educating the public about the
following Federal statutes: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
as amended (prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race,
color, sex (including pregnancy), religion, or national origin); the
Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended (makes it illegal to pay unequal
wages to men and women performing substantially equal work under
similar working conditions at the same establishment); the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (prohibits
employment discrimination based on age of 40 or older); Titles I and V
of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, and sections 501
and 505 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended (prohibit employment
discrimination based on disability); Title II of the Genetic
Information Nondiscrimination Act (prohibits employment discrimination
based on genetic information and limits acquisition and disclosure of
genetic information); and section 304 of the Government Employee Rights
Act of 1991 (protects certain previously exempt state & local
government employees from employment discrimination on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability).
 The first item in this Regulatory Plan is entitled ``The Federal
Sector's Obligation To Be a Model Employer of Individuals with
Disabilities.'' The EEOC's regulations implementing section 501, as set
forth in 29 CFR part 1614, require Federal agencies and departments to
be ``model employers'' of individuals with disabilities. The Commission
issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) on May 15,
2014, (79 FR 27824), and intends to issue a proposed rule to revise the
regulations regarding the Federal government's affirmative employment
obligations in 29 CFR part 1614 to include a more detailed explanation
of how Federal agencies and departments should ``give full
consideration to the hiring, placement, and advancement of qualified
individuals with disabilities.'' Any revisions would be informed by
Management Directive 715, and may include goals consistent with
Executive Order 13548. Furthermore, any revisions would result in costs
only to the Federal Government; would contribute to increasing the
employment of individuals with disabilities; and would not affect risks
to public health, safety, or the environment.
 The second item is entitled ``Federal Sector Equal Employment
Opportunity Process.'' In July 2012, the Commission published a final
rule containing fifteen discrete changes to various parts of the
Federal sector EEO process, and indicated that the rule was the
Commission's initial step in a broader review of the Federal sector EEO
process. The Commission intends to develop an ANPRM which would seek
public input on additional issues associated with the Federal sector
EEO process.
 The third item is entitled ``Amendments to Regulations Under the
Americans With Disabilities Act.'' This proposed rule would amend the
regulations to implement the equal employment provisions of the
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to address the interaction
between title I of the ADA and financial inducements and/or penalties
as part of wellness programs offered through health plans. EEOC also
plans to address other aspects of wellness programs that may be subject
to the ADA's nondiscrimination provisions in this NPRM.
 The fourth item is entitled ``Amendments to Regulations Under the
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008.'' This proposed rule
would amend the regulations on the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 to address inducements to employees'
spouses or other family members who respond to questions about their
current or past medical conditions on health risk assessments. This
NPRM will also correct a typographical error in the rule's discussion
of wellness programs and add references to the Affordable Care Act,
where appropriate.
 Consistent with section 4(c) of Executive Order 12866, this
statement was reviewed and approved by the Chair of the Agency. The
statement has not been reviewed or approved by the other members of the
Commission.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the EEOC's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. Some of the entries on this
list may be completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory
Plan. However, more information can be found about these completed
rulemakings in past publications of the Unified Agenda on Reginfo.gov
(http://reginfo.gov/) in the Completed Actions section. These
rulemakings can also be found on Regulations.gov (http://regulations.gov).

[[Page 76641]]

The EEOC's final Plan for Retrospective Analysis of Existing Rules can
be found at: http://www.eeoc.gov/laws/regulations/retro_review_plan_final.cfm.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Effect on small
 RIN Title business
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3046-AA91..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS OR on small
 CHARGES OF businesses by
 EMPLOYMENT making the charge/
 DISCRIMINATION complaint process
 BASED ON more efficient.
 DISABILITY SUBJECT
 TO THE AMERICANS
 WITH DISABILITIES
 ACT AND SECTION
 504 OF THE
 REHABILITATION ACT
 OF 1973.
3046-AA92..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS/CHARGES on small
 OF EMPLOYMENT businesses by
 DISCRIMINATION making the charge/
 BASED ON complaint process
 DISABILITY FILED more efficient.
 AGAINST EMPLOYERS
 HOLDING GOVERNMENT
 CONTRACTS OR
 SUBCONTRACTS.
3046-AA93..................... REVISIONS TO This rulemaking may
 PROCEDURES FOR decrease burdens
 COMPLAINTS OF on small
 EMPLOYMENT businesses by
 DISCRIMINATION making the charge/
 FILED AGAINST complaint process
 RECIPIENTS OF more efficient.
 FEDERAL FINANCIAL
 ASSISTANCE.
3046-AB00..................... FEDERAL SECTOR This rulemaking
 EQUAL EMPLOYMENT pertains to the
 OPPORTUNITY. Federal Sector
 equal employment
 opportunity
 process and thus
 is not expected to
 affect small
 businesses.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EEOC

Prerule Stage

145. Federal Sector Equal Employment Opportunity Process

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 206(d); 29 U.S.C. 633a; 29 U.S.C. 791;
29 U.S.C. 794; 42 U.S.C. 2000e-16; EO 10577; EO 11222; EO 11478; EO
12106; Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1978; 42 U.S.C. 2000ff-6(e)
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1614.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: In July 2012, the Commission published a final rule
containing 15 discrete changes to various parts of the Federal sector
EEO complaint process, and indicated that the rule was the Commission's
initial step in a broader review of the Federal sector EEO process. The
Commission intends to develop an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
(ANPRM), which would seek public input on additional issues associated
with the Federal sector EEO process.
 Statement of Need: Any proposals contained in an ANPRM would be
aimed at making the process more fair and efficient.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
authorizes EEOC ``to issue such rules, regulations, orders, and
instructions as it deems necessary and appropriate to carry out its
responsibilities under . . . section [717].'' 42 U.S.C. 2000e-16(b).
 Alternatives: The EEOC would consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, we anticipate that most of the changes will have no cost and
will benefit users of the process by correcting or clarifying the
requirements. Any cost that might result would only be borne by the
Federal Government.
 Risks: Any proposed revisions would not affect risks to the public
health, safety, or the environment
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Thomas J. Schlageter, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4668, Fax: 202 653-
6034, Email: thomas.schlageter@eeoc.gov
 Gary Hozempa, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4666, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
gary.hozempa@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB00

EEOC

Proposed Rule Stage

146. The Federal Sector's Obligation To Be a Model Employer of
Individuals With Disabilities

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 29 U.S.C. 791(b)
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1614.203(a).
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended
(Section 501), prohibits discrimination against individuals with
disabilities in the Federal Government. The EEOC's regulations
implementing section 501, as set forth in 29 CFR part 1614, require
Federal agencies and departments to be ``model employers'' of
individuals with disabilities.\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ 29 CFR 1614.203(a).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

On May 15, 2014, the Commission issued an Advance Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking (79 FR 27824) that sought public comments on
whether and how the existing regulations could be improved to provide
more detail on what being a ``model employer'' means and how Federal
agencies and departments should ``give full consideration to the
hiring, placement and advancement of qualified individuals with
disabilities.'' \2\ The EEOC's review of the comments and potential
revisions was informed by the discussion in Management Directive 715 of
the tools Federal agencies should use to establish goals for the
employment and advancement of individuals with disabilities. The EEOC's
review of the comments and potential revisions was also informed by,
and consistent with, the goals of Executive Order 13548 to increase the
employment of individuals with disabilities and the employment of
individuals with targeted disabilities.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ Id.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Statement of Need: Pursuant to section 501 of the Rehabilitation
Act, the Commission is authorized to issue such regulations as it deems
necessary to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. Executive
Order 13548 called for increased efforts by Federal agencies and
departments to recruit, hire, retain, and return individuals with
disabilities to the Federal workforce.
 Summary of Legal Basis:

[[Page 76642]]

Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (section
501), 29 U.S.C. 791, in addition to requiring nondiscrimination with
respect to Federal employees and applicants for Federal employment who
are individuals with disabilities, also requires Federal agencies to
maintain, update annually, and submit to the Commission an affirmative
action program plan for the hiring, placement, and advancement of
individuals with disabilities. As part of its responsibility for the
administration and enforcement of equal opportunity in Federal
employment, the Commission is authorized under 29 U.S.C. 794a(a)(1) to
issue rules, regulations, orders, and instructions pursuant to section
501.
 Alternatives: The EEOC considered all alternatives offered by ANPRM
public commenters. The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
future public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Any costs that might result would
only be borne by the Federal Government. The revisions would contribute
to increased employment of individuals with disabilities.
 Risks: The proposed changes do not affect risks to public health,
safety, or the environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 05/15/14 79 FR 27824
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 07/14/14
NPRM................................ 01/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Aaron Konopasky, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4127, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
aaron.konopasky@eeoc.gov
 Related RIN: Related to 3046-AA73
 RIN: 3046-AA94

EEOC

147. Amendments to Regulations Under the Americans With Disabilities
Act

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1630.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would amend the regulations to
implement the equal employment provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) to address the interaction between title I of
the ADA and financial inducements and/or penalties as part of wellness
programs offered through health plans. EEOC also plans to address other
aspects of wellness programs that may be subject to the ADA's
nondiscrimination provisions in this NPRM.
 Statement of Need: The revision to 29 CFR 1630.14(d) is needed to
address numerous inquiries EEOC has received about whether an employer
that complies with regulations implementing the final Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) rules concerning wellness
program incentives, as amended by the Affordable Care Act (ACA), will
be in compliance with the ADA.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The ADA requires the EEOC to issue
regulations implementing title I of the Act. The EEOC initially issued
regulations in 1991 on the law's requirements and prohibited practices
with respect to employment and issued amended regulations in 2011 to
conform to changes to the ADA made by the ADA Amendments Act of 2008.
These proposed revisions are based on that statutory requirement.
 Alternatives: The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, the Commission does not anticipate that the rule will impose
additional costs on employers, beyond minimal costs to train human
resource professionals. The regulation does not impose any new employer
reporting or recordkeeping obligations. We anticipate that the changes
will benefit entities covered by title I of the ADA by generally
promoting consistency between the ADA and HIPAA, as amended by the ACA,
and result in greater predictability and ease of administration.
 Risks: The proposed rule imposes no new or additional risks to
employers. The proposal does not address risks to public safety or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Joyce Walker-Jones, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of Legal
Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE.,
Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-7031, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
joyce.walker-jones@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB01

EEOC

148. Amendments to Regulations Under the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act of 2008

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 2000ff
 CFR Citation: 29 CFR 1635.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This proposed rule would amend the regulations on the
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 to address
inducements to employees' spouses or other family members who respond
to questions about their current or past medical conditions on health
risk assessments. This NPRM will also correct a typographical error in
the rule's discussion of wellness programs and add references to the
Affordable Care Act, where appropriate.
 Statement of Need: The revision to 29 CFR 1635.8 is needed to
address numerous inquiries received by EEOC about whether an employer
will violate the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 by
offering an employee a financial inducement if the employee's family
member completes an HRA that asks about the family member's current
health status. Technical amendments are also needed to correct a
typographical error and to include references to the ACA, where
appropriate.
 Summary of Legal Basis: GINA, section 211, 42 U.S.C. 2000ff-10,

[[Page 76643]]

requires the EEOC to issue regulations implementing title II of the
Act. The EEOC issued regulations on November 9, 2010. These proposed
revisions are based on that statutory requirement.
 Alternatives: The EEOC will consider all alternatives offered by
public commenters.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Based on the information currently
available, the Commission does not anticipate that the rule will impose
additional costs on employers, beyond minimal costs to train human
resource professionals. The regulation does not impose any new employer
reporting or recordkeeping obligations. We anticipate that the changes
will benefit entities covered by title II of GINA by clarifying that
employers who offer wellness programs are free to adopt a certain type
of inducement without violating GINA, as well as correcting an internal
citation, and providing citations to the ACA.
 Risks: The proposed rule imposes no new or additional risks to
employers. The proposal does not address risks to public safety or the
environment.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal, Local, State.
 Agency Contact: Christopher Kuczynski, Assistant Legal Counsel,
Office of Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M
Street NE., Washington, DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4665, TDD Phone: 202
663-7026, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email: christopher.kuczynski@eeoc.gov
 Kerry Leibig, Senior Attorney Advisor, Office of the Legal Counsel,
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 131 M Street NE., Washington,
DC 20507, Phone: 202 663-4516, Fax: 202 653-6034, Email:
kerry.leibig@eeoc.gov
 RIN: 3046-AB02
BILLING CODE 6570-01-P

GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (GSA)--REGULATORY PLAN--OCTOBER 2014

I. Mission and Overview

GSA oversees the business of the Federal Government. The
acquisition solutions GSA implements provides Federal purchasers with
cost-effective, high-quality products and services from commercial
vendors, while helping to keep the Nation safe by providing tools,
equipment, and non-tactical vehicles to the U.S. military, and
providing State and local governments with law enforcement equipment,
firefighting and rescue equipment, and disaster recovery products and
services. We provide workplaces for Federal employees and oversee the
preservation of historic Federal properties.
 Our Agency serves the public by delivering services directly to its
Federal customers through the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), the
Public Buildings Service (PBS), and the Office of Government-wide
Policy (OGP). With a continuing commitment to its Federal customers and
the U.S. taxpayers, GSA provides its services in the most cost-
effective manner possible.

Federal Acquisition Service (FAS)

FAS is the lead organization for procurement of products and
services (other than real property) for the Federal Government. The FAS
organization leverages the buying power of the Government by
consolidating Federal agencies' requirements for common goods and
services. FAS provides a range of high-quality and flexible acquisition
services that increase overall Government effectiveness and efficiency.
FAS business operations are organized into four business portfolios
based on the product or service provided to customer agencies:
Integrated Technology Services (ITS); Assisted Acquisition Services
(AAS); General Supplies and Services (GSS); and Travel, Motor Vehicles,
and Card Services (TMVCS). The FAS portfolio structure enables GSA and
FAS to provide best value services, products, and solutions to its
customers by aligning resources around key functions.

Public Buildings Service (PBS)

PBS is the largest public real estate organization in the United
States, providing facilities and workspace solutions to more than 60
Federal agencies. PBS aims to provide a superior workplace for the
Federal worker and superior value for the U.S. taxpayer. Balancing
these two objectives is PBS' greatest management challenge. PBS'
activities fall into two broad areas. The first is space acquisition
through both leases and construction. PBS translates general needs into
specific requirements, marshals the necessary resources, and delivers
the space necessary to meet the respective missions of its Federal
clients. The second area is management of space. This involves making
decisions on maintenance, servicing tenants, and ultimately, deciding
when and how to dispose of a property at the end of its useful life.

Office of Government-Wide Policy (OGP)

OGP sets Government-wide policy in the areas of personal and real
property, travel and transportation, information technology, regulatory
information, and use of Federal advisory committees. OGP also helps
direct how all Federal supplies and services are acquired as well as
GSA's own acquisition programs. OGP's regulatory function fully
incorporates the provisions of the President's priorities and
objectives under Executive Order 12866 and 13563 with policies covering
acquisition, travel, and property and management practices to promote
efficient Government operations. OGP's strategic direction is to ensure
that Government-wide policies encourage agencies to develop and utilize
the best, most cost effective management practices for the conduct of
their specific programs. To reach the goal of improving Government-wide
management of property, technology, and administrative services, OGP
builds and maintains a policy framework by (1) incorporating the
requirements of Federal laws, Executive orders, and other regulatory
material into policies and guidelines; (2) facilitating Government-wide
reform to provide Federal managers with business-like incentives and
tools and flexibility to prudently manage their assets; (3)
identifying, evaluating, and promoting best practices to improve
efficiency of management processes; and (4) performing ongoing analysis
of existing rules that may be obsolete, unnecessary, unjustified,
excessively burdensome, or counterproductive.
 OGP's policy regulations are described in the following
subsections:

Office of Asset and Transportation Management (Federal Travel
Regulation)

Federal Travel Regulation (FTR) enumerates the travel and
relocation policy for all title 5 Executive agency employees. The Code
of Federal Regulations (CFR) is available at www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr.
Each version is updated as official changes are published in the
Federal Register (FR). FR publications and complete versions of the FTR
are available at www.gsa.gov/ftr.
 The FTR is the regulation contained in 41 Code of Federal
Regulations (CFR), chapters 300 through 304, that implements statutory
requirements and

[[Page 76644]]

executive branch policies for travel by Federal civilian employees and
others authorized to travel at Government expense.
 The Administrator of General Services promulgates the FTR to: (a)
Interpret statutory and other policy requirements in a manner that
balances the need to ensure that official travel is conducted in a
responsible manner with the need to minimize administrative costs and
(b) communicate the resulting policies in a clear manner to Federal
agencies and employees.

Office of Asset and Transportation Management (Federal Management
Regulation)

Federal Management Regulation (FMR) establishes policy for
aircraft, transportation, personal property, real property, and mail
management. The FMR is the successor regulation to the Federal Property
Management Regulation (FPMR), and it contains updated regulatory
policies originally found in the FPMR. However, it does not contain
FPMR material that describes how to do business with the GSA.

Office of Acquisition Policy (General Services Administration
Acquisition Manual (GSAM) and the General Services Administration
Acquisition Regulation (GSAR))

GSA's internal rules and practices on how it buys goods and
services from its business partners are covered by the General Services
Administration Acquisition Manual (GSAM), which implements and
supplement the Federal Acquisition Regulation at GSA. The GSAM
comprises both a non-regulatory portion (GSAM), which reflects policies
with no external impact, and a regulatory portion, the General Services
Administration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR). The GSAR establishes
agency acquisition regulations that affect GSA's business partners
(e.g. prospective offerors and contractors) and acquisition of
leasehold interests in real property. The latter are established under
the authority of 40 U.S.C. 490. The GSAR implements contract clauses,
solicitation provisions, and forms that control the relationship
between GSA and contractors and prospective contractors.

II. Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

FTR Regulatory Priorities
 In fiscal year 2014, GSA plans to amend the FTR by:
 Revising Chapter 301, Temporary Duty Travel, ensuring
accountability and transparency. This revision will ensure agencies'
travel for missions is efficient and effective, reduces costs, promotes
sustainability, and incorporates industry best practices at the lowest
logical travel cost.
 Revising Chapter 302, Relocation Allowances for
miscellaneous items to address current Government relocation needs
which the last major rewrite (FTR Amendment 2011-01) did not update.
This will include revising the Relocation Income Tax (RIT) Allowance;
amending coverage on family relocation; and amending the calculations
regarding the commuted rate for employee-managed household goods
shipments.
FMR Regulatory Priorities
 In fiscal year 2014, GSA plans to amend the FMR by:
 Revising rules regarding management of Government
aircraft;
 Revising rules regarding management of Federal real
property;
 Revising rules regarding management of Federal personal
property.
GSAR Regulatory Priorities
 GSA plans, to update the GSAR to maintain consistency with the
Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and to implement streamlined and
innovative acquisition procedures that contractors, offerors, and GSA
contracting personnel can utilize when entering into and administering
contractual relationships. Currently, GSA is focusing on clarifying the
GSAR by--
 Providing consistency with the FAR;
 Eliminating coverage that duplicates the FAR or creates
inconsistencies within the GSAR;
 Correcting inappropriate references listed to indicate the
basis for the regulation;
 Rewriting sections that have become irrelevant because of
changes in technology or business processes or that place unnecessary
administrative burdens on contractors and the Government;
 Streamlining or simplifying the regulation;
 Rolling up coverage from the services and regions/zones
that should be in the GSAR;
 Providing new and/or augmented coverage; and
 Deleting unnecessary burdens on small businesses.

Regulations of Concern to Small Businesses

FAR and GSAR rules are relevant to small businesses who do or wish
to do business with the Federal Government. Approximately 18,000
businesses, most of whom are small, have GSA schedule contracts. GSA
assists its small businesses by providing assistance through its Office
of Small Business Utilization. In addition, GSA extensively utilizes
its regional resources, within FAS and PBS, to provide grassroots
outreach to small business concerns, through hosting such outreach
events, or participating in a vast array of other similar presentations
hosted by others.

Regulations Which Promote Open Government and Disclosure

RIN 3090-AJ30; Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case 2012-
102-4, Disposal and Reporting of Federal Electronic Assets (FEA):
 The GSA is considering comments received during the publication of
the Proposed Rule FMR 102-36 in developing its Final Rule. As
envisioned, this policy directs agencies to dispose of non-functional
electronics through more sustainable means, and will require
publication of agency disposal data on www.data.gov for public viewing
into Federal activities.

III. Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (July, 2013), the GSA retrospective
review and analysis final and updated regulations plan can be found at
www.gsa.gov/improvingregulations. The FAR retrospective review and
analysis final and updated regulations plan can be found at
www.acquisition.gov.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regulation Identifier No. Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Proposed Rule Stage
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AI76................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2008-G506,
 Rewrite of GSAR Part 515, Contracting by
 Negotiation.

[[Page 76645]]


3090-AI81................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2008-G509,
 Rewrite GSAR 536, Construction and Architect-
 Engineer Contracts.
3090-AI82................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2006-G506,
 Environment, Conservation, Occupational
 Safety, and Drug-Free Workplace.
3090-AJ29................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-3; Government Domain Registration
 and Management.
3090-AJ41................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2013-G502,
 Federal Supply Schedule Contracting
 (Administrative Changes).
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Final Rule Stage
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AI79................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2008-102-4, Mail Management, Financial
 Requirements for All Agencies.
3090-AI95................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2009-307, Temporary Duty (TDY) Travel
 Allowances (Taxes); Relocation Allowances
 (Taxes).
3090-AJ23................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-310; Telework Travel Expenses Test
 Programs.
3090-AJ26................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-2; Donation of Surplus Personal
 Property.
3090-AJ27................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2012-301; Removal of Conference Lodging
 Allowance Provisions.
3090-AJ30................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-4, Disposal and Reporting of
 Federal Electronic Assets (FEA).
3090-AJ34................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2012-102-5, Restrictions on International
 Transportation of Freight and Household
 Goods.
3090-AJ46................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2013-G501;
 Qualifications of Offerors.
3090-AJ47................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2014-G501;
 Progressive Awards and Monthly Quantity
 Allocations.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Completed Actions
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3090-AJ06................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2010-303; Terms and Definitions for
 ``Dependent,'' ``Domestic Partner,''
 ``Domestic Partnership,'' and ``Immediate
 Family.''
3090-AJ11................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-301; Per Diem, Miscellaneous
 Amendments.
3090-AJ21................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-308; Payment of Expenses Connected with
 the Death of Certain Employees.
3090-AJ22................ Federal Travel Regulation (FTR); FTR Case
 2011-309, Lodging Reimbursement.
3090-AJ31................ General Service Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2012-G503,
 Industrial Funding Fee (IFF) and Sales
 Reporting.
3090-AJ35................ Federal Management Regulation (FMR); FMR Case
 2013-102-1; Obligating Authority.
3090-AJ36................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2012-G501,
 Electronic Contracting Initiative.
3090-AJ42................ General Services Administration Acquisition
 Regulation (GSAR); GSAR Case 2010-G511,
 Purchasing by Non-Federal Entities.
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 Dated: September 23, 2014.
Christine Harada,
Associate Administrator, Office of Government-wide Policy.
BILLING CODE 6820-34-P

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION (NASA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

For this statement of priorities, NASA has no recent legislative
and programmatic activities that affect its regulations. There are no
rulemakings that are expected to have high net benefits. All of the
Agency's rulemaking promotes open government as the public is given an
opportunity to review and comment on these rulemakings prior to
promulgation. The Agency has no rulemakings that reduce unjustified
burdens with no particular concern to small businesses, and there are
no significant international impacts.
 NASA continues to implement programs according to its 2014
Strategic Plan. NASA's mission is to ``Drive advances in science,
technology, aeronautics, and space exploration to enhance knowledge,
education, innovation, economic vitality, and stewardship of the
Earth.'' The FY 2014 Strategic Plan, (available at
http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/files/2014_NASA_Strategic_Plan.pdf),
guides NASA's
program activities through a framework of the following three strategic
goals:
 Strategic Goal 1: Expand the frontiers of knowledge,
capability, and opportunity in space.
 Strategic Goal 2: Advance understanding of Earth and
develop technologies to improve the quality of life on our home planet.
 Strategic Goal 3: Serve the American public and accomplish
our mission by effectively managing our people, technical capabilities,
and infrastructure.
 In the decades since Congress enacted the National Aeronautics and
Space Act of 1958, NASA has challenged its scientific and engineering
capabilities in pursuing its mission, generating tremendous results and
benefits for humankind. NASA will continue to push scientific and
technical boundaries in pursuit of these goals.
 The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), 48 CFR chapter 1,
contains procurement regulations that apply to NASA and other Federal
agencies. NASA implements and supplements FAR requirements through the
NASA FAR Supplement (NFS), 48 CFR chapter 18. NASA is in the process of
reviewing and updating the entire NFS with a projected completion date
of December 2015. Concurrently, NASA will continue to make routine
changes to the NFS to implement NASA initiatives and Federal
procurement policy.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13579 ``Regulation and
Independent Regulatory Agencies'' (Jul. 11, 2011), NASA regulations
associated with its retrospective review and analysis are described in
the Agency's final retrospective plan of existing regulations. Nineteen
of these regulations were completed and are described below. NASA's
final plan and

[[Page 76646]]

updates can be found at http://www.nasa.gov/open, under the Compliance
Documents Section.

Rulemaking That Was Streamlined and Reduced Unjustified Burdens

1. Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration [5 CFR 6901]--NASA, with
the concurrence of the Office of Government Ethics, amended its
Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration that permits student interns to
seek prior approval to engage in outside employees with a NASA
Contractor, subcontractor, grantee, or party to a NASA agreement in
connect with work performed by that entity or under that agreement. The
amendments clarified the types of outside employment activities that
require approval, streamlined the process for approval, eliminated
obsolete position titles, and extended the permissible time period of
approval. The revision to NASA's supplemental outside activity
regulation liberalizes a general restriction prohibiting NASA employees
from outside jobs performing work under NASA's contracts, grants and
other agreements to allow student interns to do so if the work complies
with Federal ethics laws and U.S. Office of Government Ethics
regulations. This modification helps insure that students in STEM
(science, technology, engineering, and math) disciplines have full
access to NASA development opportunities to maintain U.S. leadership in
these fields. The revision also narrows the scope of employee-owned
businesses that NASA personnel must obtain prior agency approval to
undertake to those that will perform or seek to perform Federal
government-related work. This change enhances workforce development by
reducing burdens associated with pursuing outside activities that may
help NASA employees develop new skills. Finally, the revision
decentralizes and streamlines the approval process [79 FR 49225].

Rulemakings That Were Modified, Streamlined, Expanded, or Repealed

2. Removal of Obsolete Regulations: Space Flight Mission Critical
Systems Personnel Reliability Program [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended is
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes by removing a regulation
that was obsolete and no longer used [79 FR 7391].
 3. Removal of Redundant Regulatory Text [14 CFR parts 1204, 1230,
and 1232]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes
by removing redundant regulatory language that is already captured in
statutes that govern NASA activities related to delegation of authority
of certain civil rights functions, protection of human subjects, and
care and use of animals in the conduct of NASA activities [78 FR
76057].
 4. Removal of Obsolete Regulation: Use of Centennial of Flight
Commission Name [14 CFR 1204.506]--NASA amended its regulations to make
nonsubstantive changes to remove a regulation that is obsolete and no
longer used [77 FR 60619].

Rulemaking That Promotes Open Government and Uses Disclosure as a
Regulatory Tool

5. Procedures for Disclosure of Records Freedom of Information Act
Regulations [14 CFR 1206]--NASA revised its Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) regulations to clarify and update procedures for requesting
information from the Agency, as well as procedures that the Agency
follows in responding to requests from the public. These revisions also
incorporate clarifications and update results from changes to the FOIA
and case law, as well as include current cost figures to be used in
calculating and charging fees and increase the amount of information
that members of the public may receive from the Agency without being
charged processing fees. This rule is a `how to' guide for submitting
requests for Agency records, if these records are not currently on a
public-facing Web site. The rule, which comports with the law, is an
information access tool for disclosure of Agency records. Providing
access details to the public through the FOIA rule is an effective
means to promote open government and ensure the public has the
knowledge of how to submit a request for Agency documents and what to
expect once that request is received by the Agency [79 FR 46676].

Rulemakings That Are of Particular Concerns to Small Business

6. Small Business Policy [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to update offices names and
titles, described the role of the Small Business Technical Advisor, add
more small business categories to include small disadvantaged business
HUBZone small business, women-owned small business concerns, veteran-
owned small business, and service-and disabled veteran-owned small
business in accordance with and required by the Small Business Act (15
U.S.C. 631). NASA certifies that this rule is not subject to the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601), because it would not have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small businesses
[78 FR 77352].
 7. Nonprocurement Rule, Suspension, and Debarment [2 CFR 1880]--
NASA has adopted as final, with no change, a proposed rule to extend
coverage of non-procurement suspension and debarment to all tiers of
procurement and non-procurement actions under all grants and
cooperative agreements. NASA certifies that this rule does not have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities
within the meaning of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601 et
seq. Small entities are already required to check the Excluded Parties
List System (EPLS) prior to making first-tier, procurement subawards
under a grant or cooperative agreement. They will now be required to
ensure that none of their potential subrecipients are on the EPLS. The
EPLS is an easy-to-access and easy to-use on-line resources [78 FR
13211].

Rulemaking That Has Significant International Impacts

8. Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System [14 CFR 1215]--NASA
amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to the policy
governing the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) services
provided to non-U.S. Government users and the reimbursement for
rendering such services. TDRSS, also known as the Space Network,
provides command, tracking, data, voice, and video services to the
International Space Station, NASA's space and Earth science missions,
and other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense and the
National Science Foundation. For a fee, commercial users can also have
access to TDRSS for tracking and data acquisition purposes. Over the
last 25 years, TDRSS has delivered pictures, television, scientific,
and voice data to the scientific community and the general public,
including data from more than 100 Space Shuttle and International Space
Station missions and the Hubble Space Telescope. A principal advantage
of TDRSS is providing communications services, which previously have
been provided by multiple worldwide ground stations, with much higher
data rates and lower latency to the user missions. The rule is designed
for NASA to sell unused TDRSS time to non-U.S. Government customers.
The main class of current users of this rule is expendable launch
vehicle providers. The United Launch Alliance (Atlas and Delta
rockets), SpaceX (Falcon rocket), and Sea Launch

[[Page 76647]]

(rocket) all use TDRSS to support their launch operations. The TDRSS
allows them to receive data from their launch vehicles through most of
the critical aspects of flight (mark events such as pre-launch testing,
ignition, stage separations, engine start and stop, etc.). This service
could be useful to international customers such as Arianespace (for
their Vega or Ariane 5 launches out of French Guiana) or JAXA (for
their H-IIA rocket), which has used TDRSS in the past. They would have
to have TDRSS compatible transmitters on their vehicles in order to use
the service. Low earth orbit (LEO) international customers not
associated with NASA by international agreement would find it difficult
to book unused TDRSS time, due to limited capacity on the system. ELVs
are one-time, short duration events and much more likely to fit into
the TDRSS schedule than a multiyear mission requiring many contacts per
day [77 FR 6949].

Other Rulemakings

9. NASA Protective Services Enforcement [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended
is regulations by adding a subpart to establish traffic enforcement
authority and procedures at all NASA Centers and component facilities
[79 FR 54902].
 10. Aeronautics and Space--Statement of Organization and General
Information [14 CFR 1201]--NASA amended its regulations to make
nonsubstantive changes to provide current information of NASA's
organization and to redesignate the Dryden Flight Research Center as
the Armstrong Flight Research Center per H.R. 667 signed by the
President on January 3, 2014 [79 FR 18443].
 11. Delegation and Designations [14 CFR 1204]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to correct citations and
title throughout [79 FR 11318].
 12. Inventions and Contributions [14 CFR 1240] NASA amended its
regulations to clarify and update the procedures for board recommended
awards and the procedures and requirements for recommended special
initial awards, including patent application awards, software release
awards, and Tech Brief awards, and to update citations and the
information on the systems used for reporting inventions and issuing
award payments [77 FR 27365].
 13. Information Security Protection [14 CFR 1203]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to align with and implement
the provisions of Executive Order (E.O.) 13526, Classified National
Security Information, and appropriately to correspond with NASA's
internal requirements, NPR 1600.2, Classified National Security
Information, that establishes the Agency's requirements for the proper
implementation and management of a uniform system for classifying,
accounting, safeguarding, and declassifying national security
information generated by or in the possession of NASA [78 FR 5116].
 14. Claims for Patent and Copyright Infringement [14 CFR 1245]--
NASA finalized its regulations relating to requirements for the filing
of claims against NASA where a potential claimant believes NASA is
infringing privately owned rights in patented inventions or copyrighted
works. The requirements for filing an administrative claim are
important since the filing of a claim carries with it certain rights
relating to the applicable statute of limitations for filing suit
against the Government. The regulations set forth guidelines as to what
NASA considers necessary to file a claim for patent or copyright
infringement, and they also provide for written notification to the
claimant upon completion of an investigation by NASA [77 FR 14686].
 15. Procedures for Implementing the National Environmental Policy
Act [14 CFR 1216]--NASA amended its regulations governing compliance
with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) and the
Council on Environmental Quality's (CEQ) Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR) (40 CFR parts 1500-1508). This rule replaces procedures contained
in NASA's current regulations. The revised regulations are intended to
improve NASA's efficiency in implementing NEPA requirements by reducing
costs and preparation time while maintaining quality. In addition,
NASA's experience in applying the NASA NEPA regulations since they were
issued in 1988 suggested the need for NASA to make changes in its NEPA
regulations. [77 FR 3102]
 16. Boards and Committees [14 CFR 1209]--NASA amended its
regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to correct and remove
citations referenced in NASA's Contract Adjustment Board rule [78 FR
20422].
 17. Research Misconduct [14 CFR 1275]--NASA amended its regulations
to make nonsubstantive changes to the policy governing the handling of
allegations of research misconduct and updates to reflect
organizational changes that have occurred in the Agency [77 FR 44439].
 18. Updating of Existing Privacy Act--NASA Regulations [14 CFR
1212]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive changes to
its rules governing implementation of the Privacy Act by updating
statute citations, position titles, terminology, and adjusting
appellate responsibility for records for records held by the NASA
Office of the Inspective General [77 FR 60620].
 19. NASA Security and Protective Service Enforcement [14 CFR 1203a,
1203b, 1204]--NASA amended its regulations to make nonsubstantive
changes to its regulations to clarify the procedures for establishing
controlled/secure areas and to revise the definitions for these areas
and the process for granting access to these areas, as well as denying
or revoking access to such areas. Arrest powers and authority of NASA
security force personnel are also updated and clarified to include the
carrying of weapons and the use of such weapons should a circumstance
require it [78 FR 5122].
 Abstracts for other regulations that will be amended or repealed
between October 2014 and October 2015 are reported in the fall 2014
edition of Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulation
actions.
BILLING CODE 7510-13-P

NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION (NARA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Overview

The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) primarily
issues regulations directed to other Federal agencies and to the
public. These regulations include records management, information
services, access to and use of NARA holdings, and grant programs. For
example, records management regulations directed to Federal agencies
concern the proper management and disposition of Federal records.
Through the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO), NARA also
issues Government-wide regulations concerning information security
classification and declassification programs. NARA regulations directed
to the public address access to and use of our historically valuable
holdings, including archives, donated historical materials, Nixon
Presidential materials, and Presidential records. NARA also issues
regulations relating to the National Historical Publications and
Records Commission (NHPRC) grant programs.
 NARA has two regulatory priorities for Fiscal Year 2015, which are
included in The Regulatory Plan. The first are NARA's continuing
revisions to the

[[Page 76648]]

Federal records management regulations found at 36 CFR chapter XII,
subchapter B. The proposed changes include changes resulting from the
2011 Presidential Memorandum on Managing Government Records and the
2012 Managing Government Records Directive (M-12-18). The proposed
rules will affect Federal agencies' records management programs
relating to proper records creation and maintenance, adequate
documentation, electronic recordkeeping requirements, use of the
Electronic Records Archive (ERA) for records transfer, and records
disposition. The proposed revisions have begun with changes to
provisions at 36 CFR parts 1222, 1223, 1224, 1227, 1229, 1232, 1233,
1235, 1237, and 1239. These provisions were substantially revamped and
began undergoing public comment beginning in September 2014. Additional
proposed revisions to the subchapter will be published for public
comment later this fiscal year as well.
 The second priority is a new regulation on Controlled Unclassified
Information (CUI). The Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO), a
component of NARA, is proposing this rule pursuant to Executive Order
13556. The Order establishes an open and uniform program for managing
information requiring safeguarding or dissemination controls. This rule
sets forth guidance to agencies on safeguarding, disseminating,
marking, and decontrolling CUI, self-inspection and oversight
requirements, and other facets of the program.
BILLING CODE 7515-01-P

2014 OPM

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Personnel Management in Agencies

The Chief Human Capital Act of 2002 requires OPM to develop
systems, standards, and metrics for strategic human capital management
in agencies. This rule promulgates these systems, standards, and
metrics.

Human Resources Management Reporting Requirements

This rule was a Presidential initiative as part of paperwork
reduction and eliminating burdensome and unnecessary reporting. It
enables agencies to focus on strategic human capital management rather
than administrative reporting. We have been building new leadership and
accountability mechanisms around its requirements. This rule also
supports Strategic Goal 3 as OPM is building internal data and
reporting capabilities to replace these burdensome reporting
requirements on agencies.

Performance Appraisal System Certification for Pay Purposes

This rule establishes certification criteria and procedures for
agencies to follow to have their Senior Executive and Senior
Professional's appraisal system certified by OPM. An agency appraisal
system is certified only when a review of that system's design (i.e.,
system documentation), implementation (i.e., performance plans), and
application (i.e., results) reveals that the agency meets the
certification criteria. The appraisal process must make meaningful
distinctions based on relative performance. The law requires OPM and
OMB to jointly regulate the criteria and process used for appraisal
system certification.

Managing Senior Executive Performance

This rule fosters an effective enterprise approach to the
performance management of Senior Executive Service (SES) members. In
January 2012, OPM and OMB released a basic SES appraisal system to
provide a more consistent and uniform framework to communicate
expectations and evaluate the performance of SES members. The system
focuses on the role and responsibility of SES members to achieve
results through effective executive leadership. This rule includes the
requirements of this system.

Federal Employees Health Benefits Program

OPM will make several amendments to the Federal Employees Health
Benefits (FEHB) regulations to adhere to the provisions of the
Affordable Care Act of 2010. These amendments include enrollments for
eligible employees of Tribes and Tribal organizations, changes to
resolutions of disputed health claims and external reviews, rate
settings for community-rated plans, enrollment options following the
termination of a plan or plan option, and the expansion of eligibility
to certain employees on temporary appointments and certain employees on
seasonal and intermittent schedules.
BILLING CODE 6325-44-P

PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION (PBGC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) protects the
pensions of more than 40 million people in more than 25,000 private-
sector defined benefit plans. PBGC receives no tax revenues. Operations
are financed by insurance premiums, investment income, assets from
pension plans trusteed by PBGC, and recoveries from the companies
formerly responsible for the trusteed plans.
 To carry out these functions, PBGC issues regulations on such
matters as termination, payment of premiums, reporting and disclosure,
and assessment and collection of employer liability. The Corporation is
committed to issuing simple, understandable, flexible, and timely
regulations to help affected parties.
 PBGC continues to follow a regulatory approach that does not
inadvertently discourage the maintenance of existing defined benefit
plans or the establishment of new plans. Thus, in developing new
regulations and reviewing existing regulations, the focus, to the
extent possible, is to avoid placing burdens on plans, employers, and
participants, and to ease and simplify employer compliance. PBGC
particularly strives to meet the needs of small businesses that sponsor
defined benefit plans.
 PBGC develops its regulations in accordance with the principles set
forth in Executive Order 13563 ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), and PBGC's Plan for Regulatory Review
(Regulatory Review Plan).\1\ This Statement of Regulatory and
Deregulatory Priorities reflects PBGC's ongoing implementation of its
Regulatory Review Plan.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/plan-for-regulatory-review.pdf
. Progress reports on the plan can be found at
http://www.pbgc.gov/res/laws-and-regulations/reducing-regulatory-burden.html.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

PBGC Insurance Programs

PBGC administers two insurance programs for privately defined
benefit plans under title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (ERISA):
 Single-Employer Program. Under the single-employer
program, when a plan terminates with insufficient assets to cover all
plan benefits (distress and involuntary terminations), PBGC pays plan
benefits that are guaranteed under title IV. PBGC also pays
nonguaranteed plan benefits to the extent funded by plan assets or
recoveries from employers.
 Multiemployer Program. The smaller multiemployer program
covers more than 1,450 collectively bargained plans involving more than
one unrelated employer. PBGC provides financial assistance (in the form
of a loan) to the plan if the plan is unable

[[Page 76649]]

to pay benefits at the guaranteed level. Guaranteed benefits are less
than single-employer guaranteed benefits.
 At the end of fiscal year 2013, PBGC had a deficit of about $36
billion in its insurance programs. Current PBGC premiums are
insufficient.

Regulatory Objectives and Priorities

PBGC's regulatory objectives and priorities are developed in the
context of the Corporation's statutory purposes:
 To encourage voluntary private pension plans.
 To provide for the timely and uninterrupted payment of
pension benefits.
 To keep premiums at the lowest possible levels.
 Pensions and the statutory framework in which they are maintained
and terminate are complex. Despite this complexity, PBGC is committed
to issuing simple, understandable, flexible, and timely regulations and
other guidance that do not impose undue burdens that could impede
maintenance or establishment of defined benefit plans.
 Through its regulations and other guidance, PBGC strives to
minimize burdens on plans, plan sponsors, and plan participants;
simplify filing; provide relief for small businesses and plans; and
assist plans in complying with applicable requirements. To enhance
policy-making through collaboration, PBGC also plans to expand
opportunities for public participation in rulemaking (see Open
Government and Public Participation below).
 PBGC's current regulatory objectives and priorities are to simplify
its regulations and reduce burden, particularly in the areas of
premiums and reporting, enhance retirement security, and complete
implementation of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA 2006).

Rethinking Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in the Department's final
retrospective review of regulations plan. The regulatory actions
associated with these RINs, as well as other regulatory review
projects, are described below.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Effect on small
 Title RIN business
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reportable Events.................. 1212-AB06 Expected to reduce
 burden on small
 business.
Premium Rates; Payment of Premiums; 1212-AB26 Reduces the burden on
 Reducing Regulatory Burden. small business.
Multiemployer Plans; Valuation and 1212-AB25 Little effect on small
 Notice Requirements. business.
Allocation of Assets in Single- 1212-AA55 Undetermined.
 Employer Plans; Valuation of
 Benefits and Assets.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reportable events. PPA 2006 affected certain provisions in PBGC's
reportable events regulation, which requires employers to notify PBGC
of certain plan or corporate events. In November 2009, PBGC published a
proposed rule to conform the regulation to the PPA 2006 changes and
make other changes.\2\ In response to Executive Order 13563 and
comments on the proposed rule, in April 2013, PBGC published a new
proposal that would exempt more than 90 percent of plans and sponsors
from many reporting requirements. The new proposal takes advantage of
other existing reporting requirements and methods to avoid burdening
companies and plans and expands waivers and redefines events to reduce
reporting. The new proposal implements stakeholder suggestions that
different reporting requirements should apply in circumstances where
the risk to PBGC is low or compliance is especially burdensome. PBGC is
developing the final rule, taking into account the public comments.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\2\ 74 FR 61248 (Nov. 23, 2009), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/E9-28056.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Premiums. In January and March 2014 PBGC published final rules to
make its premium rules more effective and less burdensome. \3\ PBGC
developed the rules in response to regulatory review and public
comments. The changes simplify due dates, coordinate the due date for
terminating plans with the termination process, make conforming and
clarifying changes to the variable-rate premium rules, and provide for
relief from penalties. Large plans no longer have to pay flat-rate
premiums early; small plans get more time to value benefits. The
changes were favorably received by the pension community.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ 79 FR 347 (Jan. 3, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2013-31109.pdf; 79
FR 13547 (Mar. 11, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-05212.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Multiemployer plans. In May 2014, PBGC published a final rule
amending PBGC's multiemployer regulations.\4\ The changes were
developed as a result of PBGC's regulatory review. The amendments
reduce the number of actuarial valuations required for certain small
terminated but not insolvent plans, shorten the advance notice filing
requirements for mergers in situations that do not involve a compliance
determination, and remove certain insolvency notice and update
requirements.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ 79 FR 30459 (May 28, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-12154.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of
Benefits and Assets. In FY 2014, PBGC began an internal process to
establish routine, periodic review of PBGC regulations and policies to
ensure that the actuarial and economic content remains current.
 ERISA section 4062(e). The statutory provision requires reporting
of, and liability for, certain substantial cessations of operations by
employers that maintain single-employer plans. In August 2010, PBGC
issued a proposed rule to provide guidance on the applicability and
enforcement of section 4062(e).\5\ In light of comments on the proposal
and PBGC's enforcement practices, in November 2012, PBGC announced a
4062(e) enforcement pilot program under which it did not enforce in the
case of small plans or financially strong sponsors (90 percent of plans
are small or have financially strong sponsors). In July 2014, PBGC
announced a moratorium, until the end of 2014, on the enforcement of
4062(e) cases.\6\ The moratorium will enable PBGC to further target at-
risk plans and work with the business community, labor, and other
stakeholders to minimize effects on necessary business activities. At
this time, PBGC is withdrawing RIN 1212-AB20 from its regulatory
agenda.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\ 75 FR 48283 (Aug. 10, 2010), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/2010-19627.pdf .
 \6\ http://www.pbgc.gov/news/press/releases/pr14-09.html .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

ERISA section 4010. PBGC is reviewing its regulation on Annual
Financial and Actuarial Information Reporting (part 4010) and the
related e-filing application to consider ways of reducing reporting
burden and ensuring that PBGC receives the critical information it
needs.

[[Page 76650]]

Retirement Security
 DC to DB plan rollovers.
 In April 2014, PBGC published a proposed rule that would clarify
the treatment of benefits resulting from a rollover distribution from a
defined contribution plan to a defined benefit plan, if the defined
benefit plan was terminated and trusteed by PBGC.\7\ Under the
proposal, a benefit resulting from rollover amounts generally would not
be subject to PBGC's maximum guaranteeable benefit or phase-in
limitations and would be in the second highest priority category of
benefits in the allocation of assets. The proposed rule was well-
received by the public, and PBGC expects to publish a final rule early
in FY 2015. This rulemaking is part of PBGC's efforts to enhance
retirement security by promoting lifetime income options.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\7\ 79 FR 18483 (Apr. 2, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-07323.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

PPA 2006 Implementation
 Cash balance plans. PPA 2006 changed the rules for determining
benefits in cash balance plans and other statutory hybrid plans. In
October 2011, PBGC published a proposed rule implementing the changes
in both PBGC-trusteed plans and in plans that close out in the private
sector.\8\ The final rule is on hold until Treasury issues final
regulations.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ 76 FR 67105 (Oct. 31, 2011), http://www.pbgc.gov/Documents/2011-28124.pdf .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Missing participants. A major focus of PBGC's current regulatory
efforts is the development of a proposal to improve and expand our
missing participants program. The expanded program will cover
terminating defined contribution plans, non-covered defined benefit
plans, and multiemployer plans. The proposal will take into account
comments received from employers, plans, and other stakeholders in
response to a 2013 Request for Information. PBGC is working with IRS
and DOL to coordinate government requirements for dealing with missing
participant issues. PBGC expects to publish a proposed regulation early
in FY 2015.
 Shutdown benefits. Under PPA 2006, the phase-in period for the
guarantee of a benefit payable solely by reason of an ``unpredictable
contingent event,'' such as a plant shutdown, starts no earlier than
the date of the shutdown or other unpredictable contingent event. PBGC
published a final rule implementing this statutory change in May
2014.\9\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ 79 FR 25667 (May 6, 2014), http://www.pbgc.gov/documents/2014-10357.pdf
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Small Businesses

PBGC takes into account the special needs and concerns of small
businesses in making policy. A large percentage of the plans insured by
PBGC are small or maintained by small employers. PBGC has issued or is
considering several proposed rules that will focus on small businesses:
 Small plan premium due date. The March 2014 final rule discussed
above under Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations addresses
concerns that some small plans determine funding levels too late in the
year to be able to use current-year figures for the variable-rate
premium by the new uniform due date. Under the final rule, small plans
generally use prior-year figures for the variable-rate premium (with a
provision for opting to use current-year figures).
 Reportable events. The reportable events proposed rule discussed
above under Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations would waive
many reporting requirements for plans with fewer than 100 participants.
 Missing participants. The missing participants proposed rule
discussed above under PPA 2006 Implementation would benefit small
businesses by simplifying and streamlining current requirements, better
coordinating with requirements of other agencies, and providing more
options for sponsors of terminating non-covered plans.

Open Government and Increased Public Participation

PBGC is doing more to encourage public participation in the
regulatory process. For example, PBGC's current efforts to reduce
regulatory burden are in substantial part a response to public
comments. Regulatory projects discussed above, such as reportable
events, ERISA section 4062(e), and ERISA section 4010, highlight PBGC's
customer-focused efforts to reduce regulatory burden.
 PBGC's Regulatory Review Plan sets forth ways to expand
opportunities for public participation in the regulatory process. For
example, in June 2013, PBGC held its first ever regulatory hearing on
the reportable events proposed rule, so that the agency would have a
better understanding of the needs and concerns of plan administrators
and plan sponsors. PBGC's 2013 Request for Information on missing
participants in individual account plans is another example of PBGC's
efforts to solicit public participation in the regulatory process.
 PBGC plans to provide additional means for public involvement,
including on-line town hall meetings, social media, and continuing
opportunity for public comment on PBGC's Web site.
 PBGC also invites comments on the Regulatory Review Plan on an on-
going basis as we engage in the review process. Comments should be sent
to regs.comments@pbgc.gov
 PBGC will continue to look for ways to further improve its
regulations.
BILLING CODE 7709-01-P

U.S. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (SBA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Overview

The mission of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is to
maintain and strengthen the Nation's economy by enabling the
establishment and viability of small businesses and by assisting in
economic recovery of communities after disasters. In carrying out this
mission, SBA strives to improve the economic environment for small
businesses, including those in areas that have significantly higher
unemployment and lower income levels than the Nation's averages and
those in traditionally underserved markets. The Agency serves as a
guarantor of small business loans, and also provides management and
technical assistance to existing or potential small business owners
through various grants, cooperative agreements or contracts. This
access to capital and other assistance provides a crucial foundation
for those starting a new business, or growing an existing business and
ultimately creating new jobs. SBA also provides direct financial
assistance to homeowners, renters, and small business owners to help
communities to rebuild in the aftermath of a disaster.

Reducing Burden on Small Businesses

SBA's regulatory policy reflects a commitment to developing
regulations that reduce or eliminate the burden on the public,
especially the Agency's core constituents--small businesses. SBA's
regulatory process generally includes an assessment of the costs and
benefits of the regulations as required by Executive Order 12866,
``Regulatory Planning and Review''; Executive Order 13563, ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review''; and the Regulatory Flexibility Act.
SBA's program offices are particularly invested in finding ways to
reduce the burden imposed by the Agency's core activities in its loan,
innovation, and procurement programs.

[[Page 76651]]

Openness and Transparency

SBA promotes transparency, collaboration, and public participation
in its rulemaking process. To that end, SBA routinely solicits comments
on its regulations, even those that are not subject to the public
notice and comment requirement under the Administrative Procedure Act.
Where appropriate, SBA also conducts hearings, webinars, and other
public events as part of its regulatory process.

Regulatory Framework

The SBA's FY 2014 to FY 2018 strategic plan serves as the
foundation for the regulations that the Agency will develop during the
next 12 months. The strategic plan proposes three strategic goals: (1)
Growing businesses and creating jobs; (2) serving as the voice for
small business; and (3) building an SBA that meets the needs of today's
and tomorrow's small businesses. In order to achieve these goals SBA
will, among other objectives, focus on:
 Expanding access to capital through SBA's extensive
lending network;
 Ensuring Federal contracting goals are met or exceeded by
collaborating across the Federal Government to expand opportunities for
small businesses and strengthen the integrity of the Federal
contracting data and certification process;
 Strengthening SBA's relevance to high growth entrepreneurs
and small businesses to more effectively drive innovation and job
creation; and
 Mitigating risk and improving program oversight.
 The regulations reported in SBA's semi-annual regulatory agenda and
plan are intended to facilitate achievement of these goals and
objectives. Over the next 12 months, SBA's highest regulatory priority
is to implement the Mentor-Prot[eacute]g[eacute] Programs, which were
authorized by the Small Business Jobs Act, for participants in the
HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) Contracting, and Service-
Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Programs and expanded to
all small business concerns by the National Defense Authorization Act
for FY 2013.
 (1) Small Business Mentor-Prot[eacute]g[eacute] Programs (RIN: 3245-
AG24):
 SBA currently has a mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] program for the
8(a) Business Development Program that is intended to enhance the
capabilities of the prot[eacute]g[eacute] and to improve its ability to
successfully compete for Federal contracts. The Small Business Jobs Act
authorized SBA to use this model to establish similar mentor-
prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs for the Service Disabled Veteran Owned,
HUBZone and Women-Owned Small Business Programs. The National Defense
Authorization Act for FY 2013 further authorized SBA to extend the
availability of mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs to all small
business concerns. During the next 12 months, one of SBA's priorities
will be to issue regulations establishing these newly authorized
mentor-prot[eacute]g[eacute] programs. The various types of assistance
that a mentor will be expected to provide to a prot[eacute]g[eacute]
include technical and/or management assistance; financial assistance in
the form of equity investment and/or loans; subcontracts and/or
assistance in performing prime contracts with the Government in the
form of joint venture arrangements.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (Jan. 18, 2011), SBA developed a
plan for the retrospective review of its regulations. Since that date
SBA has issued several updates to this plan to reflect the Agency's
ongoing efforts in carrying out this executive order. The final agency
plan and review updates can be found at
http://www.sba.gov/about-sba/sba_performance/open_government/retrospective_revie
w_of_regulations.
BILLING CODE 8025-01-P

SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (SSA)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

We administer the Retirement, Survivors, and Disability Insurance
programs under title II of the Social Security Act (Act), the
Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program under title XVI of the Act,
and the Special Veterans Benefits program under title VIII of the Act.
As directed by Congress, we also assist in administering portions of
the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Act. Our regulations
codify the requirements for eligibility and entitlement to benefits and
our procedures for administering these programs. Generally, our
regulations do not impose burdens on the private sector or on State or
local governments, except for the States' disability determination
services. We fully fund the disability determination services in
advance or by way of reimbursement for necessary costs in making
disability determinations.
 The ten entries in our regulatory plan (plan) represent issues of
major importance to the Agency. We describe the individual initiatives
more fully in the attached plan.

Improving the Disability Process

Since the continued improvement of the disability program is of
vital concern to us, we have initiatives in the plan addressing
disability-related issues. They include:
 One proposed rule and five final rules update the medical listings
used to determine disability--evaluating digestive disorders,
neurological impairments, hematological disorders, growth disorders and
weight loss in children, human immunodeficiency virus infection for
evaluating functional limitation in immune system disorders, and cancer
(malignant neoplastic diseases). The revisions reflect our adjudicative
experience and advances in medical knowledge, diagnosis, and treatment.

Enhance Public Service

Another proposed rule will require our claimants to inform us or to
submit all evidence known to them that relates to their disability
claim.
 We are revising our rules to allow applicants for a Social Security
number card to apply by completing a prescribed application and
submitting the required evidence, rather than completing a paper
application.
 There is one proposed rule that will enhance claims processing. The
rule will strengthen the integrity of our programs by clarifying our
expectations about the obligations representatives have in representing
their clients.

Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations

Pursuant to section 6 of Executive Order 13563 ``Improving
Regulation and Regulatory Review'' (January 18, 2011), the following
Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been identified as associated
with retrospective review and analysis in our final retrospective
review of regulations plan. Some of the entries on this list may be
completed actions, which do not appear in The Regulatory Plan. However,
you can find more information about these completed rulemakings in past
publications of the Unified Agenda at: www.Reginfo.gov in the Completed
Actions section for the Social Security Administration. You can also
find these rulemakings at: www.Regulations.gov. The agency final plans
are located at: www.socialsecurity.gov/open/regsreview/EO-13563-Final-Plan.html.

[[Page 76652]]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
  Expected to significantly reduce
 RIN Title burdens on small businesses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
0960-AF35....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Neurological Impairments.
0960-AF58....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Respiratory System Disorders.
0960-AF69....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Mental Disorders.
0960-AF88....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Hematological Disorders.
0960-AG21....................... New Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Language and Speech Disorders.
0960-AG28....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Growth Impairments.
0960-AG38....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Musculoskeletal Disorders.
0960-AG65....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Digestive Disorders.
0960-AG74....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Cardiovascular Disorders.
0960-AG91....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Skin Disorders.
0960-AH04....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Congenital Disorders That Affect Multiple
 Body Systems.
0960-AH28....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Visual Disorders.
0960-AH43....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Cancer (Malignant Neoplastic Diseases).
0960-AH54....................... Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating No.
 Hearing Loss and Disturbances of
 Labyrinthine-Vestibular Function.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------


SSA

Proposed Rule Stage

149. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Digestive Disorders
(3441P)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 5.00 and 105.00, Digestive Systems, of appendix
1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe those digestive
disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent a person from doing
any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security Income payments
under title XVI. We are proposing to revise the criteria in these
sections to ensure that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date
and consistent with the latest advances in medical knowledge and
treatment.
 Statement of Need: These proposed rules will update, simplify, and
clarify our rules.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We could continue to use our current criteria.
However, we believe these proposed revisions are necessary because of
our program experience, information we received from medical experts we
consulted, and comments we received at the Listings Symposium and in
response to the ANPRM.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Presently under review.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 12/12/07 72 FR 70527
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 02/11/08 .......................
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Shawnette Ashburne, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5788.
 Brian J. Rudick, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-7102.
 RIN: 0960-AG65

SSA

150. Revisions to Representative Code of Conduct (3835P)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Unfunded Mandates: Undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: Not Yet Determined.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: This regulatory change adds several affirmative duties
and prohibited actions for representatives, including the requirement
to assist claimants with complying with the directive to submit all
evidence. We will also clarify some of our rules regarding processing
representative sanction actions at the hearing and Appeals Council
levels and change the timeframe for suspended representatives to
request reinstatement when the Appeals Council denies an initial
request for reinstatement from 1 to 3 years.
 Statement of Need: We revised the rules of conduct in 2011 and are
further clarifying our expectations about the obligations of
representatives to competently represent their clients. These changes
are necessary because our current regulations do not address some
representative conduct that we find inappropriate. We are also updating
procedures we use when we bring charges against a representative for
violating our rules of conduct. These changes will allow us to better
protect the integrity of our administrative process and further clarify
representatives' responsibilities in their conduct with us and
claimants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Based on our program experience, there are no
alternatives at this time. These rules will be based on
recommendations.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The administrative effect of this
regulation is negligible.
 Risks: Undetermined.
 Timetable:

[[Page 76653]]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Undetermined.
 Government Levels Affected: Undetermined.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist,
Regulations Writer, Social Security Administration, Office of
Regulations and Reports Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-9039.
 RIN: 0960-AH63

SSA

Final Rule Stage

151. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Neurological Impairments
(806F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 11.00 and 111.00, Neurological Impairments, of
appendix 1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe
neurological impairments that we consider severe enough to prevent a
person from doing any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe
functional limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security
Income payments under title XVI. We will revise these sections to
ensure that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date and
consistent with the latest advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update the
listings for evaluating neurological impairments to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating these
impairments. The changes will ensure that determinations of disability
have a sound medical basis, that claimants receive equal treatment
through the use of specific criteria, and that people who are disabled
can be readily identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of
entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings and
continuing to use our current criteria. However, we believe that these
revisions are preferable because of the medical advances that have been
made in treating and evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated Savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 04/13/05 70 FR 19356
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 06/13/05 .......................
NPRM................................ 02/25/14 79 FR 10636
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
NPRM Comment Period Reopened........ 05/01/14 79 FR 24634
NPRM Comment Period Reopened End.... 06/02/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 07/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Shawnette Ashburne, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5788.
 William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 966-9039.
 RIN: 0960-AF35

SSA

152. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Hematological Disorders
(974F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)5)); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 7.00 and 107.00, Hematological Disorders, of
appendix 1 to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations, describe
hematological disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent a
person from performing any gainful activity or that cause marked and
severe functional limitation for a child claiming Supplemental Security
Income payments under title XVI. We are proposing to revise the
criteria in these sections to ensure that the medical evaluation
criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest advances in
medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update the
hematological listings to reflect advances in medical knowledge,
treatment, and methods of evaluating hematological disorders. The
changes ensure that determinations of disability have a sound medical
basis, that claimants receive equal treatment through the use of
specific criteria, and that people who are disabled can be readily
identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of entitlement or
eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings or making
only minor technical changes and continuing to use our current
criteria. However, we believe that these revisions are preferable
because of the medical advances that have been made in treating and
evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 11/19/13 78 FR 69324
NPRM Comment Period End............. 01/21/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 09/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security

[[Page 76654]]

Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Mark Kuhn, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-6109.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AF88

SSA

153. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Growth Disorders and
Weight Loss in Children (3163F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C. 421(a); 42
U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1381a; 42
U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Section 100.00, Growth Impairments, of appendix 1 to
subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describes growth impairments
that we consider severe enough to prevent a person from doing any
gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child claiming Supplemental Security Income payments
under title XVI. We will revise the criteria in this section to ensure
that the medical evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with
the latest advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary to update
several body systems that contain listings for children based on
impairment of linear growth or weight loss to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating impairments.
The changes ensure that determinations of disability have a sound
medical basis, that claimants receive equal treatment through the use
of specific criteria, and that people who are disabled can be readily
identified and awarded benefits if all other factors of eligibility are
met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings or making
only minor technical changes and continuing to use our current
criteria. However, we believe that these revisions are preferable
because of the medical advances that have been made in treating and
evaluating these types of impairments.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 09/08/05 70 FR 53323
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 11/07/05 .......................
NPRM................................ 05/22/13 78 FR 30249
NPRM Comment Period End............. 07/22/13 .......................
Final Action........................ 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Tiya Marshall, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-9291.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG28

SSA

154. Use of Date of Written Statement as Filing Date (3431F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402(i); 42 U.S.C. 402(j); 42 U.S.C.
402(o); 42 U.S.C. 402(p); 42 U.S.C. 402(r); 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C.
416(i)(2); 42 U.S.C. 423(b); 42 U.S.C. 428(a); 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5).
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.630.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We are revising our rules for protective filing after we
receive a written statement of intent to claim Social Security benefits
under title II of the Social Security Act (Act). Specifically, we are
revising from 6 months to 60 days the time period during which a
claimant must file an application for benefits after the date of a
notice we send explaining the need to file an application. We are
revising our rules to make this time period used in the title II
program consistent with the time period used in our other programs.
 Statement of Need: We believe that eliminating the difference
between the time periods in our programs will make it easier for the
public to understand and follow our rules.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated savings-low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/17/08 73 FR 76573
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/17/09 .......................
Final Action........................ 01/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist,
Regulations Writer, Social Security Administration, Office of
Regulations and Reports Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG58

SSA

155. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Immune (HIV) System
Disorders (3466F)

Priority: Other Significant
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42 U.S.C.
421(a); 42 U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42 U.S.C.
1381a; 42 U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 14.00 and 114.00, Immune System, of appendix 1
to subpart P of part 404 of our regulations describe immune system
disorders that we consider severe enough to prevent an individual from
doing any gainful activity, or that cause marked and severe functional
limitations for a child

[[Page 76655]]

claiming Supplemental Security Income payments under title XVI. We will
revise the criteria in these sections to ensure that the medical
evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest
advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final rules are necessary in order to
update the HIV evaluation listings to reflect advances in medical
knowledge, treatment, and evaluation methods. The changes that
determinations of disability have a sound medical basis, that claimants
receive equal treatment through the use of specific criteria, and that
individuals who are disabled can be readily identified and awarded
benefits if all other factors of entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative-not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Undetermined at this time.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Cost/savings estimate-negligible.
 Risks: Undetermined at this time.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANPRM............................... 03/18/08 73 FR 14409
ANPRM Comment Period End............ 05/19/08 .......................
NPRM................................ 02/26/14 79 FR 10730
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/28/14 .......................
NPRM Correction and NPRM Comment 03/25/14 79 FR 16250
 Period Extended.
NPRM Comment Period Extended End.... 05/27/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 05/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 Additional Information: Includes Retrospective Review under E.O.
13563.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Paul J. Scott, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-1192.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AG71

SSA

156. Revised Medical Criteria for Evaluating Cancer (Malignant
Neoplastic Diseases) (3757F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 402; 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(b);
42 U.S.C. 405(d) to 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 405(h); 42 U.S.C. 416(i); 42
U.S.C. 421(a); 42 U.S.C. 421(i); 42 U.S.C. 423; 42 U.S.C. 902(a)(5); 42
U.S.C. 1381a; 42 U.S.C. 1382c; 42 U.S.C. 1383; 42 U.S.C. 1383b.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.1500, app 1.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: Sections 13.00 and 113.00, Malignant Neoplastic Diseases,
of appendix 1 to subpart P of our regulations describe malignant
neoplastic diseases that we consider severe enough to prevent an
individual from doing any gainful activity or that cause marked and
severe functional limitations for a child claiming SSI payments under
title XVI. We will revise these sections to ensure that the medical
evaluation criteria are up-to-date and consistent with the latest
advances in medical knowledge and treatment.
 Statement of Need: These final regulations are necessary to update
the Malignant Neoplastic Diseases listings to reflect advances in
medical knowledge, treatment, and methods of evaluating malignant
neoplastic diseases. The changes will ensure that determinations of
disability have a sound medical basis, that claimants receive equal
treatment through the use of specific criteria, and that people who are
disabled can be readily identified and awarded benefits if all other
factors of entitlement or eligibility are met.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: We considered not revising the listings and
continuing to use our current criteria. However, we believe that these
revisions are preferable because of the medical advances that have been
made in treating and evaluating these malignant neoplastic diseases and
because of our adjudicative experience.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Estimated costs--low.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 12/17/13 78 FR 76508
NPRM Comment Period End............. 02/18/14 .......................
Final Action........................ 06/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Cheryl A. Williams, Director, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 965-1020.
 Mark Kuhn, Social Insurance Specialist, Social Security
Administration, Office of Medical Listings Improvement, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-6109.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AH43

SSA

157. Submission of Evidence in Disability Claims (3802F)

Priority: Other Significant.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 405(a); 42 U.S.C. 405(d); 42 U.S.C.
423(d)(5); 42 U.S.C. 1383c(a)(3)(H); 42 U.S.C. 1383(d)(1)
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 404.900; 20 CFR 404.935; 20 CFR 404.1512; 20
CFR 404.1740; 20 CFR 405.1; 20 CFR 405.331; 20 CFR 416.912; 20 CFR
416.1400; 20 CFR 416.1435; 20 CFR 416.1540.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We will require claimants to inform us about or submit
all evidence known to them that relates to their disability claim,
subject generally to two exceptions for privileged communications and
work product. This requirement would include the duty to submit all
evidence obtained from any source in its entirety, unless subject to an
exception. We will also require a representative to help the claimant
obtain the information or evidence that the claimant must submit under
our regulations.
 Statement of Need: These final rules will protect the integrity of
the programs by clarifying a claimant's duty to submit all relevant
evidence and enabling us to have a more complete case record on

[[Page 76656]]

which to make more accurate disability determinations or decisions.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: Based on our program experience, there are no
alternatives at this time. These final rules are based on
recommendations by the Administrative Conference of the United States.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: Undetermined.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 02/20/14 79 FR 9663
NPRM Comment Period End............. 04/21/14 .......................
Final Rule.......................... 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: None.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Janet Truhe, Social Insurance Specialist, Social
Security Administration, Office of Disability Programs, 6401 Security
Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-7203.
 William P. Gibson, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 966-9039, RIN: 0960-AH53.

SSA

158. Social Security Number Card Applications (3855I)

Priority: Other Significant. Major status under 5 U.S.C. 801 is
undetermined.
 Legal Authority: Not Yet Determined.
 CFR Citation: 20 CFR 422.103; 20 CFR 422.107; 20 CFR 422.110.
 Legal Deadline: None.
 Abstract: We are revising our regulations to allow applicants for a
Social Security number (SSN) card to apply by completing a prescribed
application and submitting the required evidence without completing a
paper for SS-5. We are also removing the word ``documentary'' from our
description of certain evidence requirements. These administrative
changes will simplify the SSN card application and provide flexibility
to allow for the use of electronic processes which would result in
greater access and ease of use for card applicants. In addition, we are
replacing ``Immigration and Naturalization Service'' with ``Department
of Homeland Security'' to reflect that agency's name change. These
changes are administrative in nature and do not substantively affect
eligibility or evidentiary requirements.
 Statement of Need: These administrative changes will simplify the
SSN card application and provide flexibility to allow for the use of
electronic processes, which would result in greater access and ease of
use for card applicants.
 Summary of Legal Basis: Administrative--not required by statute or
court order.
 Alternatives: None.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: To be determined.
 Risks: None.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interim Final Rule.................. 12/00/14 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: No.
 Small Entities Affected: No.
 Government Levels Affected: Federal.
 URL for Public Comments: www.regulations.gov.
 Agency Contact: Arthur LaVeck, Social Insurance Specialist, Social
Security Administration, Office of Retirement and Disability Policy,
Office of Income Security Programs, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore,
MD 21235-6401, Phone: 410 966-5665.
 Helen Droddy, Social Insurance Specialist, Regulations Writer,
Social Security Administration, Office of Regulations and Reports
Clearance, 6401 Security Boulevard, Baltimore, MD 21235-6401, Phone:
410 965-1483.
 RIN: 0960-AH68
BILLING CODE 4191-02-P

FALL 2014 STATEMENT OF REGULATORY PRIORITIES

CFPB Purposes and Functions

The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB) was established
as an independent bureau of the Federal Reserve System by the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-
203, 124 Stat. 1376) (Dodd-Frank Act). Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act,
the CFPB has rulemaking, supervisory, enforcement, and other
authorities relating to consumer financial products and services. Among
these are the consumer financial protection authorities that
transferred to the CFPB from seven Federal agencies on the designated
transfer date, July 21, 2011. These authorities include the ability to
issue regulations under more than a dozen Federal consumer financial
laws.
 As provided in section 1021 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the purpose of
the CFPB is to implement and enforce Federal consumer financial laws
consistently for the purpose of ensuring that all consumers have access
to markets for consumer financial products and services and that such
markets are fair, transparent, and competitive. The CFPB is authorized
to exercise its authorities for the purpose of ensuring that:
 (1) Consumers are provided with timely and understandable
information to make responsible decisions about transactions involving
consumer financial products and services;
 (2) Consumers are protected from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts
and practices and from discrimination;
 (3) Outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome regulations
concerning consumer financial products and services are regularly
identified and addressed in order to reduce unwarranted regulatory
burdens;
 (4) Federal consumer financial law is enforced consistently,
without regard to status as a depository institution, in order to
promote fair competition; and
 (5) Markets for consumer financial products and services operate
transparently and efficiently to facilitate access and innovation.

CFPB Regulatory Priorities

The CFPB's regulatory priorities for the period from November 1,
2014, to October 31, 2015, include continuing work to implement Dodd-
Frank Act mortgage protections, a series of rulemakings to address
critical issues in other markets for consumer financial products and
services, and following up on earlier efforts to streamline and
modernize regulations that the Bureau has inherited from other federal
agencies.

Implementing Dodd-Frank Act Mortgage Protections

As reflected in the CFPB's semiannual regulatory agenda, a
principal focus of the CFPB is the Bureau's continuing efforts to
implement critical consumer protections under the Dodd-Frank Act to
guard against mortgage market practices that contributed to the
nation's most significant financial crisis in several decades.
 A major rulemaking priority for the Bureau continues to be the
implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act amendments to the Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act (HMDA) and other

[[Page 76657]]

revisions to the HMDA regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act amendments
augment existing data reporting requirements regarding housing-related
loans and applications for such loans. In addition to obtaining data
that is critical to the purposes of HMDA--which include providing the
public and public officials with information that can be used to help
determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing needs
of their communities, assisting public officials in the distribution of
public sector investments, and assisting in identifying possible
discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing antidiscrimination
statutes--the Bureau views this rulemaking as an opportunity to
streamline and modernize HMDA data collection and reporting, in
furtherance of its mission under the Dodd-Frank Act to reduce
unwarranted regulatory burden. The Bureau published a proposed HMDA
rule in the Federal Register on August 29, 2014 to add several new
reporting requirements and to clarify several existing requirements.
Publication of the proposal followed initial outreach efforts and the
convening of a panel under the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement
Fairness Act in conjunction with the Office of Management and Budget
and the Small Business Administration's Chief Counsel for Advocacy, to
consult with small lenders who may be affected by the rulemaking. As
the Bureau develops a final rule, it expects to review and consider
public comments on the proposed rule, consult with other agencies and
coordinate with them on implementation efforts, conduct additional
outreach to build and refine operational capacity, and prepare to
assist financial institutions in their compliance efforts.
 A major effort of the Bureau is the implementation of its final
rule combining several federal mortgage disclosures that consumers
receive in connection with applying for and closing on a mortgage loan
under the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act (RESPA). This project is mandated under the Dodd-Frank
Act both to increase consumer understanding of mortgage transactions
and to facilitate compliance by industry. The integrated forms are the
cornerstone of the Bureau's broader ``Know Before You Owe'' initiative.
These new ``Know Before You Owe'' mortgage forms and their implementing
regulations will replace several pages of existing federal disclosures
with two simpler, streamlined forms that will help consumers understand
their options, choose the deal that is best for them, and avoid costly
surprises at the closing table. The Bureau conducted extensive
qualitative testing of the new forms prior to issuing a proposal, and
also conducted a post-proposal quantitative study to validate the
results of the new forms. The results of the quantitative testing
showed that consumers of all different experience levels, with
different loan types--whether focused on buying a home or refinancing--
were able to understand the Bureau's new forms better than the current
forms.
 The rule was issued in November 2013 and takes effect in August
2015. The Bureau is working intensively to support implementation
efforts and prepare consumer education materials and initiatives to
help consumers understand and use the new forms. To facilitate
implementation, the Bureau has released two compliance guides, sample
forms, and additional materials. The Bureau also has been conducting
extensive industry outreach to identify interpretive questions or
implementation challenges with the rule, and hosting ongoing webinars
to address common questions. In addition, in late 2014, the Bureau
plans to issue a small proposed rule to make technical corrections,
allow for certain language related to new construction loans to be
added to the Loan Estimate form, and modify the same-day redisclosure
requirement for floating interest rates that are locked after the Loan
Estimate is first provided.
 In addition, the Bureau is working to support the full
implementation of, and facilitate compliance with, various mortgage-
related final rules issued by the Bureau in January 2013 to strengthen
consumer protections involving the origination and servicing of
mortgages. These rules, implementing requirements under the Dodd-Frank
Act, were all effective by January 2014. The Bureau is working
diligently to monitor the market and plans to make clarifications and
adjustments to the rules where warranted. The Bureau is planning to
issue rules in fall 2014 to provide certain adjustments to its rules
for certain nonprofit entities and to provide a cure mechanism for
lenders seeking to make ``qualified mortgages'' under rules requiring
assessment of consumers' ability to repay their mortgage loans where
the mortgages exceed certain limitations on points and fees. The Bureau
also anticipates issuing a proposal in fall 2014 to amend various
provisions of its mortgage servicing rules, in both Regulation X and
Regulation Z, including further clarification of the applicability of
certain provisions when the borrower is in bankruptcy, possible
additional enhancements to loss mitigation requirements, and other
topics. In addition, in order to promote access to credit, the Bureau
is currently engaged in further research to assess the impact of
certain provisions implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act that modify
general requirements for small creditors that operate predominantly in
``rural or underserved'' areas, and expects to release a notice of
proposed rulemaking in early 2015.
 Further, the Bureau continues to participate in a series of
interagency rulemakings to implement various Dodd-Frank Act amendments
to TILA and the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement
Act (FIRREA) relating to mortgage appraisals. These include
implementing certain other Dodd-Frank Act amendments to FIRREA
concerning regulation of appraisal management companies and automated
valuation models.

Bureau Regulatory Efforts in Other Consumer Financial Markets

In addition to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act mortgage
related amendments, the Bureau is also working on a number of
rulemakings to address important consumer protection issues in other
markets for consumer financial products and services. Much of this
effort will be based on previous work of the Bureau such as Requests
for Information, Advance Notices of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRMs), and
previously issued Bureau studies and reports.
 First, the Bureau anticipates in fall 2014 issuing a proposed rule
to create a comprehensive set of protections for General Purpose
Reloadable (GPR) cards and other prepaid products, such as payroll
cards and student loan disbursement cards, which are increasingly being
used by consumers in place of a traditional deposit account or credit
card. The proposal will build on comments received by the Bureau in
response to a 2012 ANPRM seeking comment, data, and information from
the public about GPR cards. The proposed rule will seek to expand
coverage in Regulation E (implementing the Electronic Fund Transfer
Act) to prepaid accounts, including GPR cards, by extending and in some
cases modifying disclosure, periodic statement, and error resolution
requirements that apply to consumer asset accounts that are currently
subject to Regulation E. The Bureau also expects the proposal to
address treatment of overdraft services and

[[Page 76658]]

credit features in connection with prepaid accounts under both
Regulation Z (Truth in Lending Act) and Regulation E.
 Building on Bureau research and other sources, the Bureau is also
considering what rules may be appropriate for addressing the sustained
use of short-term, high-cost credit products such as payday loans and
deposit advance products. The Bureau issued a white paper on these
products in April 2013 and a data point providing additional research
in March 2014, and is continuing to analyze other consumer protection
concerns associated with the use of high-cost, small-dollar credit
products. Rulemaking might include disclosures or address acts or
practices in connection with these products.
 The Bureau is also continuing to develop research on other critical
consumer protection markets to help assess whether regulation may be
warranted. For example, the Bureau issued research on bank and credit
union overdraft programs in 2013 and 2014 and is planning to release
the results of further studies on overdraft programs and their effects
on consumers.
 In addition, the Bureau has launched research initiatives to build
on its November 2013 ANPRM on debt collection. These efforts include
undertaking a survey to obtain information from consumers about their
experiences with debt collection and launching consumer testing
initiatives to determine what information would be useful for consumers
to have about debt collection and their debts and how that information
should be provided to them.
 Bureau work is also continuing on a number of earlier initiatives
concerning consumer payment services. In addition to the prepaid
rulemaking discussed above, in 2014, the Bureau engaged in a rulemaking
to make further amendments to its existing rule that applies to
consumer remittance transfers to foreign countries. The primary purpose
of the rulemaking was to address whether to extend a provision under
the Dodd-Frank Act that allows insured depository institutions to
estimate certain information for purposes of consumer disclosures. The
provision would have expired in July 2015 unless the Bureau exercises
authority to extend it for up to five years. The Bureau's final rule
extended the provision to July 2020.
 The Bureau is continuing rulemaking activities that will further
establish the Bureau's nonbank supervisory authority by defining larger
participants of certain markets for consumer financial products and
services. Larger participants of such markets, as the Bureau defines by
rule, are subject to the Bureau's supervisory authority. In fall 2014,
the Bureau issued a final rule that amended the regulation defining
larger participants of certain consumer financial products and services
markets by adding a new section to define larger participants of a
market for international money transfers, and began a rulemaking that
would define larger participants of a market for automobile financing
and define certain automobile leasing activity as a financial product
or service.

Bureau Regulatory Streamlining Efforts

Another priority for the Bureau is continuing work on an earlier
initiative to consider opportunities to modernize and streamline
regulations that it inherited from other agencies pursuant to a
transfer of rulemaking authority under the Dodd-Frank Act. In
connection with the HMDA rulemaking described above, the Bureau has
identified potential opportunities to reduce unwarranted regulatory
burden concerning reporting of mortgage application, origination, and
purchase activity, as described in the proposed rule. Similarly, the
Bureau took the opportunity when streamlining federal mortgage forms as
mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act and discussed above, to clarify existing
regulations to address longstanding compliance concerns. The Bureau
also issued a final rule in fall 2014 to allow financial institutions
that restrict their information sharing practices and meet other
requirements to post their annual privacy notices to customers under
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act online rather than delivering them
individually. The rulemaking addresses longstanding concerns that the
annual mailings are a source of unwarranted regulatory burden and
unwanted paperwork for consumers.

Additional Analysis, Planning, and Prioritization

The Bureau is continuing to assess timelines for the issuance of
additional Dodd-Frank Act related rulemakings and rulemakings inherited
by the CFPB from other agencies as part of the transfer of authorities
under the Dodd-Frank Act. The Bureau is also continuing to conduct
outreach and research to assess issues in various other markets for
consumer financial products and services. For example, as directed by
Congress, the Bureau is conducting a study on the use of agreements
providing for arbitration of consumer disputes in connection with the
offering or providing of consumer financial products or services. Upon
completion of this study, the Bureau will evaluate possible policy
responses, including possible rulemaking actions, the findings of which
shall be consistent with the study. The Bureau will similarly evaluate
policy responses to other ongoing research and outreach, taking into
account the critical need for and effectiveness of various policy
tools. The Bureau will update its regulatory agenda in spring 2015 to
reflect the results of further analysis, planning, and prioritization.

BILLING CODE 4810-AM-P

CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION (CPSC)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with
protecting the public from unreasonable risks of death and injury
associated with consumer products. To achieve this goal, the CPSC:
 develops mandatory product safety standards or bans when
other efforts are inadequate to address a safety hazard, or where
required by statute;
 obtains repair, replacement, or refunds for defective
products that present a substantial product hazard;
 develops information and education campaigns about the
safety of consumer products;
 participates in the development or revision of voluntary
product safety standards; and
 follows statutory mandates.
 Unless directed otherwise by congressional mandate, when deciding
which of these approaches to take in any specific case, the CPSC
gathers and analyzes data about the nature and extent of the risk
presented by the product. The Commission's rules at 16 CFR 1009.8
require the Commission to consider, among other factors, the following
criteria when deciding the level of priority for any particular
project:
 frequency and severity of injury;
 causality of injury;
 chronic illness and future injuries;
 costs and benefits of Commission action;
 unforeseen nature of the risk;
 vulnerability of the population at risk;
 probability of exposure to the hazard; and
 additional criteria that warrant Commission attention.

Significant Regulatory Actions:
 Currently, the Commission is considering one rule that would
constitute a ``significant regulatory

[[Page 76659]]

action'' under the definition of that term in Executive Order 12866:
 1. Flammability Standard for Upholstered Furniture
 Under section 4 of the Flammable Fabrics Act (FFA), the Commission
may issue a flammability standard or other regulation for a product of
interior furnishing if the Commission determines that such a standard
is needed to adequately protect the public against unreasonable risk of
the occurrence of fire leading to death or personal injury, or
significant property damage. The Commission's regulatory proceeding
could result in several actions, one of which could be the development
of a mandatory standard requiring that upholstered furniture meet
mandatory requirements specified in the standard.
BILLING CODE 6355-01-P

FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION (FTC)

Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

I. Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities
Background
 The Federal Trade Commission (``FTC'' or ``Commission'') is an
independent agency charged by its enabling statute, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, with protecting American consumers from ``unfair
methods of competition'' and ``unfair or deceptive acts or practices''
in the marketplace. The Commission strives to ensure that consumers
benefit from a vigorously competitive marketplace. The Commission's
work is rooted in a belief that competition, based on truthful and non-
misleading information about products and services, provides consumers
the best choice of products and services at the lowest prices.
 The Commission pursues its goal of promoting competition in the
marketplace through two different but complementary approaches. Unfair
or deceptive acts or practices injure both consumers and honest
competitors alike and undermine competitive markets. Through its
consumer protection activities, the Commission seeks to ensure that
consumers receive accurate, truthful, and non-misleading information in
the marketplace. At the same time, for consumers to have a choice of
products and services at competitive prices and quality, the
marketplace must be free from anticompetitive business practices. Thus,
the second part of the Commission's basic mission--antitrust
enforcement--is to prohibit anticompetitive mergers or other
anticompetitive business practices without unduly interfering with the
legitimate activities of businesses. These two complementary missions
make the Commission unique insofar as it is the Nation's only Federal
agency to be given this combination of statutory authority to protect
consumers.
 The Commission is, first and foremost, a law enforcement agency. It
pursues its mandate primarily through case-by-case enforcement of the
Federal Trade Commission Act and other statutes. In addition, the
Commission is also charged with the responsibility of issuing and
enforcing regulations under a number of statutes. Pursuant to the FTC
Act, the Commission currently has in place 16 trade regulation rules.
Other examples include the regulations enforced pursuant to credit,
financial and marketing practice statutes \1\ and to energy laws.\2\
The Commission also has adopted a number of voluntary industry guides.
Most of the regulations and guides pertain to consumer protection
matters and are intended to ensure that consumers receive the
information necessary to evaluate competing products and make informed
purchasing decisions.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\1\ For example, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited
Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act) (15 U.S.C.
sections 7701-7713) and the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and
Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. sections 6101-6108).
 \2\ For example, the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 2776,
codified in scattered sections of the U.S. Code, particularly 42
U.S.C. section 6201 et seq. and the Energy Independence and Security
Act of 2007 (EISA)).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commission Initiatives
 The Commission protects consumers through a variety of tools,
including both regulatory and non-regulatory approaches. It has
encouraged industry self-regulation, developed a corporate leniency
policy for certain rule violations, and established compliance
partnerships where appropriate.
 As detailed below, protecting consumer privacy, containing the
rising costs of health care and prescription drugs, fostering
competition and innovation in cutting-edge, high-tech industries,
challenging deceptive advertising and marketing, and safeguarding the
interests of potentially vulnerable consumers, such as children and the
financially distressed, continue to be at the forefront of the
Commission's consumer protection and competition programs. By subject
area, the FTC discusses some of the major workshops, reports,\3\ and
initiatives it has pursued since the 2013 Regulatory Plan was
published.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\3\ The FTC also prepares a number of annual and periodic
reports on the statutes it administers. These are not discussed in
this plan.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) Protecting Consumer Privacy. As the nation's top enforcer on
the consumer privacy beat, the FTC works to ensure that consumers can
take advantage of the benefits of a dynamic and ever-changing digital
marketplace without compromising their privacy. The FTC achieves that
goal through civil law enforcement, policy initiatives, and consumer
and business education. For example, the FTC's unparalleled experience
in consumer privacy enforcement has addressed practices offline,
online, and in the mobile environment by large, well-known companies
and lesser-known players alike. Data security is an important focus of
the Commission's privacy work. Since 2002, the FTC has brought over 50
cases against companies that have engaged in unfair or deceptive
practices that the Commission alleged put consumers' personal data at
unreasonable risk.
 The Commission's recent policy initiatives to promote privacy
included a three-part ``Spring Privacy Series'' \4\ that examined the
privacy implications of three new areas of technology or business
practices that have garnered considerable attention for the possible
privacy concerns they raise for consumers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\4\ See press release ``FTC to Host Spring Seminars on Emerging
Consumer Privacy Issues'' dated December 2, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/12/ftc-host-spring-seminars-e
merging-consumer-privacy-issues.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first event on February 19, 2014, focused on the
privacy and security implications of mobile device tracking, which
involves physically tracking consumers in retail and other businesses
using signals from their smartphones.
 The second seminar on March 19, 2014, examined alternative
scoring products, which are scores increasingly used by businesses for
a wide variety of purposes, ranging from identity verification and
fraud prevention to marketing and advertising. The event discussed the
privacy ramifications of such predictive scores, which may fall outside
the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
 The final seminar on May 7, 2014, examined consumers' use
of connected health and fitness devices that regularly collect
information about them and may transmit this information to other
entities.
 In November 2013, the Commission held a workshop entitled Internet
of

[[Page 76660]]

Things--Privacy and Security in a Connected World to explore consumer
privacy and security issues posed by the growing connectivity of
consumer devices, such as cars, home appliances, and health and fitness
devices.\5\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\5\ See workshop agenda and conference description at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/events-calendar/2013/11/internet-things-privacy-s
ecurity-connected-world.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) Protecting Children. Children increasingly use the Internet for
entertainment, information and schoolwork. The Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the FTC's COPPA Rule protect
children's privacy when they are online by putting their parents in
charge of who gets to collect personal information about their preteen
kids. The FTC enforces COPPA by ensuring that parents have the tools
they need to protect their children's privacy.
 The Commission is actively litigating to protect children and their
parents when children use mobile apps that appeal to children and offer
virtual goods for sale. On August 1, 2014, the FTC filed a court
complaint alleging that Amazon.com, Inc. billed parents and other
account holders for millions of dollars in unauthorized in-app charges
incurred by children.\6\ Amazon offers many children's apps in its app
store for download to mobile devices such as the Kindle Fire. The
lawsuit seeks a court order requiring refunds to consumers for the
unauthorized charges and permanently banning the company from billing
parents and other account holders for in-app charges without their
consent. This is the FTC's third case relating to children's in-app
purchases; Apple and Google both settled FTC complaints concerning the
issue in 2014.\7\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\6\ FTC v. Amazon.com, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-01038 (W.D. Wash.)
(Complaint For Permanent Injunction And Other Equitable Relief filed
on July 10, 2014).
 \7\ In the Matter of Apple Inc., Docket No. C-4444, Decision and
Order, March 25, 2014; In the Matter of Google Inc., Docket No. 122
3237, Proposed Agreement Containing Consent Order, September 4,
2014.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Commission has issued an updated version of the popular free
consumer guide, ``Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online.''
\8\ The revised publication contains updated information for parents
and other adults to use when talking with kids about how to be safe,
secure and responsible online. The revision adds new topics that
reflect changes in the online world since the guide was first issued in
2009. In the revised booklet, adults can find advice on how to talk
with kids about mobile apps, using public Wi-Fi securely and how to
recognize text message spam. The booklet also includes information
about the recent changes to the COPPA Rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\8\ See ``Net Cetera: Chatting with Kids About Being Online'' at
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0001-netcetera.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) Protecting Seniors. The Commission works vigilantly to fight
telephone scams that harm millions of Americans. The agency has
aggressively used law enforcement tools \9\ as well as efforts to
educate consumers about these scams and to find technological solutions
that will make it more difficult for scammers to operate and hide from
law enforcement. FTC education and outreach programs reach tens of
millions of people every year. Among them is the recently created
``Pass It On'' program that provides seniors with information, in
English and Spanish, on a variety of scams targeting the elderly. The
agency also works with the Elder Justice Coordinating Council to help
protect seniors and with the AARP Foundation, whose peer counselors
provided fraud-avoidance advice last year to more than a thousand
seniors who had filed complaints with the FTC about certain frauds,
including lottery, prize promotion, and grandparent scams. The
Commission is also promoting initiatives to make it harder for scammers
to fake or ``spoof'' their caller Identification information and the
more widespread availability of technology that will block calls from
fraudsters, essentially operating as a spam filter for the telephone.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\9\ The FTC has brought more than 130 cases involving
telemarketing fraud against more than 800 defendants during the past
decade.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d) Protecting Financially Distressed Consumers. Even as the
economy recovers, some consumers continue to face financial challenges.
The FTC acts to ensure that consumers are protected from deceptive and
unfair credit practices and get the information they need to make
informed financial choices. The Commission has continued its
enforcement efforts by bringing law enforcement actions to curb
deceptive and unfair practices in mortgage rescue, debt relief, auto
financing and debt collection.
 In October 2014, the FTC also co-hosted a roundtable on debt
collection issues with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).
The roundtable specifically examined how debt collection issues affect
Latino consumers, especially those who have limited English proficiency
(LEP). The event brought together consumer advocates, industry
representatives, State and Federal regulators, and academics to
exchange information on a range of issues. Topics included an overview
of the Latino community, its finances, and the collectors who contact
members of this community; pre-litigation collection from Latino
consumers; the experience of LEP Latinos in debt collection litigation;
credit reporting issues among LEP Latinos; and developing improved
strategies for educating and reaching out to LEP Latinos about debt
collection.
 (e) Ensuring Consumers Benefit from New Technologies While Also
Protecting Them.
 Mobile Cramming. The widespread adoption of mobile devices
has provided many important benefits to consumers, including the
convenience of paying for goods and services using a mobile phone.
Recently, the FTC has brought a number of law enforcement actions in
addition to policy and education activities designed to combat mobile
cramming that are part of the Commission's overall work to protect
consumers in the mobile environment. In the Commission's six mobile
cramming cases brought since the spring of 2013, the three that have
been fully or partially resolved have resulted in strong relief for
consumers. The agency has obtained judgments totaling more than $160
million, as well as court orders preventing the defendants from further
illegal cramming. The Commission also has two ongoing cases against two
other merchants who crammed charges onto consumers' bills, along with
its case against wireless carrier T-Mobile filed earlier in July
2014.\10\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\10\ FTC v. T-Mobile USA, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-00967 (W.D. Wash.)
(Complaint For Permanent Injunction And Other Equitable Relief filed
on July 1, 2014).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mobile Billing. One mobile payment option is known as
``carrier billing''--the ability to charge a good or service directly
to a mobile phone account. In a report issued on July 28, 2014, FTC
staff recommended steps that mobile carriers and other companies should
take to prevent consumers from being stuck with unauthorized charges on
their mobile phone bills, an unlawful practice known as mobile
cramming.\11\ FTC staff set out five recommended best practices for
industry participants to protect consumers against unwanted charges
while enabling innovation and consumer access to another payment
mechanism. The FTC will continue to monitor and, where appropriate,
investigate industry participants--carriers, billing intermediaries,
and merchants--involved in third-party

[[Page 76661]]

mobile billing and bring further enforcement actions. Further, the FTC
will continue to monitor the issue of cramming on mobile phone accounts
and evaluate whether other potential solutions--including legislative
measures and additional regulatory changes--are necessary to ensure
consumers are protected from unwanted and unauthorized charges.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\11\ See ``Mobile Cramming: A Federal Trade Commission Staff
Report (July 2014)'' at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/mobile-cramming-federal-trade-
commission-staff-report-july-2014/140728mobilecramming.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mobile Shopping Apps. A new staff report issued on August
1, 2014, by the Commission finds that many mobile apps for use in
shopping do not provide consumers with important information--such as
how the apps manage payment-related disputes or handle consumer data--
prior to download. The report, ``What's the Deal? An FTC Study on
Mobile Shopping Apps,'' \12\ looked at some of the most popular apps
used by consumers to comparison shop, collect and redeem deals and
discounts, and pay in-store with their mobile devices. The report
builds on the findings of the Commission's 2012 workshop on mobile
payments and the report from that workshop, which raised concerns about
consumers' potential financial liability--as well as the privacy and
security of their data--when using mobile payment services. The report
is part of the Commission's work to ensure that consumers are fully
protected in the growing mobile space, which has included workshops and
other initiatives to study cutting-edge issues in this area, along with
a number of law enforcement cases.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\12\ See ``What's the Deal? An FTC Study on Mobile Shopping Apps
(August 2014)'' at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/whats-deal-federal-trade-commi
ssion-study-mobile-shopping-apps-august-2014/140801mobileshoppingapps.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use of Big Data. The Commission hosted a public workshop
entitled ``Big Data: A Tool for Inclusion or Exclusion?'' on September
15, 2014, which explored the use of ``big data'' and its impact on
American consumers, including low-income and underserved consumers. A
growing number of companies are increasingly using big data analytics
techniques to categorize consumers and make predictions about their
behavior. As part of the FTC's ongoing work to shed light on the full
scope of big data practices, the workshop examined the potentially
positive and negative effects of big data on low income and underserved
populations.
 (f) Promoting Competition in Health Care. The FTC continues to work
to eliminate anticompetitive settlements featuring payments by branded
drug firms to a generic competitor to keep generic drugs off the market
(so-called, ``pay-for-delay'' agreements). It's a practice where the
pharmaceutical industry wins, but consumers lose. The brand company
protects its drug franchise, and the generic competitor shares in the
monopoly profits preserved by avoiding competition. The Commission
supports legislation to ban these harmful agreements while actively
litigating Federal court challenges to invalidate individual
agreements. In a significant victory on June 17, 2013, the U.S. Supreme
Court reversed a lower court ruling and held that pay-for-delay
agreements between brand and generic drug companies are subject to
antitrust scrutiny under an antitrust ``rule of reason'' analysis. FTC
v. Actavis, Inc., 570 U.S. 756 (2013). The FTC now has three active
pay-for-delay litigations underway in federal courts. Two of them
involve the blockbuster male testosterone replacement drug Androgel,
including the Actavis case on remand to the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia and FTC v. AbbVie, Inc., in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.\13\ The third,
underway in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, FTC v. Cephalon, Inc., involves the billion-dollar
narcolepsy drug Provigil.\14\ However, solving this problem through the
courts will take considerable time, during which American consumers and
governments will continue to pay high prices for prescription drugs.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\13\ FTC v. AbbVie, Inc., No. 2:14-cv-05151-RK (E.D. Pa.)
(Complaint For Injunctive And Other Equitable Relief filed on
September 8, 2014).
 \14\ FTC v. Cephalon, Inc., No. 2:08-CV-02141 (E.D. Pa.).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The FTC also continues to vigorously challenge anticompetitive
acquisitions in health care provider markets. For example, in January
2014, a federal court in Idaho issued a permanent injunction enjoining
St. Luke's Health System's acquisition of Saltzer Medical Group,
Idaho's largest independent, multi-specialty physician practice group,
and requiring full divestiture of Saltzer's physicians and assets in an
action brought by the FTC, together with the Idaho Attorney General.
The complaint charged that the combination of St. Luke's employed
primary care physicians and Saltzer's physicians would give the merged
firm the market power to demand higher rates for primary care physician
services in Nampa, Idaho, and surrounding areas. This case is on
appeal. Moreover, in April 2014, in the first appellate decision in a
health care provider merger in 15 years, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit upheld the Commission's 2012 decision finding that
ProMedica Health System, Inc. acquisition of a rival, St. Luke's
Hospital in the Toledo, Ohio area, violated the antitrust laws. The
Commission's order requires ProMedica to divest St. Luke's Hospital to
an FTC-approved buyer.
 (g) Fostering Innovation & Competition. For more than two decades,
the Commission has examined difficult issues at the intersection of
antitrust and intellectual property law--issues related to innovation,
standard-setting, and patents. The Commission's work in this area is
grounded in the recognition that intellectual property and competition
laws share the fundamental goals of promoting innovation and consumer
welfare. The Commission has authored several seminal reports on
competition and patent law and conducted workshops to learn more about
emerging practices and trends.
 For instance, the FTC and DOJ held a joint workshop in December
2012 to explore the impact of patent assertion entity (PAE) activities
\15\ and encouraged efforts of the Patent Trade Office to provide the
public with more complete information regarding patent ownership.\16\
The FTC and DOJ also received public comments in conjunction with the
workshop. While workshop panelists and commenters identified potential
harms and efficiencies of PAE activity, they noted a lack of empirical
data in this area and recommended that FTC use its authority under
Section 6(b) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. After public notice
and comment, on August 8, 2014, the Commission received authority from
the Office of Management and Budget to issue compulsory process orders
to PAEs and other industry participants for the purpose of gathering
information to examine how PAEs do business and develop a better
understanding of how they impact innovation and competition.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\15\ See press release ``Federal Trade Commission, Department of
Justice to Hold Workshop on Patent Assertion Entity Activities''
dated November 19, 2012, at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2012/11/paeworkshop.shtm.
 \16\ See Comments of the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice And the United States Federal Trade
Commission, February 1, 2013, Before the United States Department of
Commerce Patent and Trademark Office, In the Matter of Notice of
Roundtable on Proposed Requirements for Recordation of Real-Party-
in-Interest Information Throughout Application Pendency and Patent
Term, Docket No. PTO-P-2012-0047, at
http://www.ftc.gov/os/2013/02/130201pto-rpi-comment.pdf.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(h) Alcohol Advertising. On February 1, 2012, the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) gave the Commission

[[Page 76662]]

approval, under the Paperwork Reduction Act, to issue compulsory
process orders to up to 14 alcohol companies. On April 16, 2012, the
Commission issued the orders, seeking information on company brands,
sales, and marketing expenses; compliance with advertising placement
codes; and use of social media and other digital marketing.\17\ On
March 20, 2014, the Commission released a report, setting forth the
results of its study.\18\ The Commission also continues to promote the
``We Don't Serve Teens'' consumer education program, supporting the
legal drinking age.\19\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\17\ A copy of the order, a list of the target companies, and
the press release are available online at
http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2012/04/alcoholstudy.shtm.
 \18\ See Self-Regulation in the Alcohol Industry (March 2014),
available at
http://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/reports/self-regulation-alcohol-indust
ry-report-federal-trade-commission/140320alcoholreport.pdf.
 \19\ More information can be found at http://www.dontserveteens.gov/.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(i) Gasoline Prices. Given the impact of energy prices on consumer
budgets, the energy sector continues to be a major focus of FTC law
enforcement and study. In November 2009, the FTC's Petroleum Market
Manipulation Rule became final.\20\ Our staff continues to examine all
communications from the public about potential violations of this Rule,
which prohibits manipulation in wholesale markets for crude oil,
gasoline, and petroleum distillates. Other activities complement these
efforts, including merger enforcement and an agreement with the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission to share investigative
information. In view of the fundamental importance of oil, natural gas,
and other energy resources to the overall vitality of the United States
and world economy, we expect that FTC review and oversight of the oil
and natural gas industries will remain a centerpiece of our work for
years to come.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\20\ 16 CFR part 317; See press release: ``New FTC Rule
Prohibits Petroleum Market Manipulation'' (Aug. 6, 2009), available
at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2009/08/mmr.shtm; ``FTC Issues Compliance
Guide for Its Petroleum Market Manipulation Regulations,'' News
Release (Nov. 13, 2009), available at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2009/11/mmr.shtm.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(j) Fraud Surveys. The FTC's Bureau of Economics (BE) continues to
conduct fraud surveys and related research on consumer susceptibility
to fraud. For example, BE conducted an exploratory experimental study
in a university economics laboratory to see whether we could identify
characteristics of consumers who might be more likely to fall victim to
fraud. A second exploratory study of susceptibility to fraud was
conducted using an Internet panel. The results of that study are
currently being analyzed. The most recent survey of the incidence of
consumer fraud was conducted between late November 2011 and early
February 2012, and a report describing the findings was released in
April 2013. The results of these efforts may aid the FTC to better
target its enforcement actions and consumer education initiatives and
improve future fraud surveys.
 (k) Protecting Consumers from Cross-Border Harm. The FTC continues
to focus on combatting cross-border violations of law that affect
consumers. For example, this year the Commission approved fourteen
settlements with U.S. businesses that had falsely claimed they were
abiding by an international privacy framework known as the U.S.-
European Union Safe Harbor that enables U.S. companies to transfer
consumer data from the European Union (EU) to the United States in
compliance with EU law.\21\ Additionally, the FTC, with the help of
counterparts in Canada, Slovakia, and Austria, brought an action
against a notorious multi-million dollar international business
directory scam in FTC v. Construct Data.\22\ Building on the FTC's work
with African consumer agencies, the FTC signed a memorandum of
understanding (MOU) with Nigeria's Consumer Protection Council and its
Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.\23\ It is the first FTC MOU
of this kind to include a foreign criminal enforcement authority.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\21\ See press release ``FTC Approves Final Orders Settling
Charges of U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Violations Against 14 Companies''
dated June 25, 2014, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2014/06/ftc-approves-final-orders-
settling-charges-us-eu-safe-harbor.
 \22\ FTC v. Construct Data Publishers, a.s. d/b/a Fair Guide,
Civil Action Number: 13 cv 1999 (N.D. Ill.) Default Judgment and
Order for Permanent Injunction and Other Equitable Relief Against
Construct Data Publishers A.S., Wolfgang Valvoda, and Susanne Anhorn
(March 7, 2014).
 \23\ See press release ``FTC Signs Memorandum of Understanding
with Nigerian Consumer Protection and Criminal Enforcement
Authorities'' dated August 28, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/08/ftc-signs-memorandum-under
standing-nigerian-consumer-protection.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The FTC strives to promote sound approaches to common problems by
building relationships with sister agencies around the world. With over
130 jurisdictions enforcing competition laws, the FTC continues to lead
efforts to develop strong mutual enforcement cooperation and sound
policy with its international partners. We continue to strengthen
cooperation and coordination with agencies to reach compatible results
on cases of mutual interest, such as Thermo Fisher/Life Technologies,
in which the FTC recently cooperated with antitrust agencies in nine
jurisdictions to reach consistent results.\24\ We also work to develop
improved tools to facilitate cooperation. This year, FTC and Department
of Justice Antitrust Division staff jointly released a model waiver of
confidentiality that is designed to streamline the waiver negotiation
process, facilitating deeper communication between cooperating
agencies.\25\ During the past year the FTC held bilateral meetings with
key partners, including competition agencies in the EU, Canada, Mexico,
Japan, China and India, and continued to play a lead role in the
International Competition Network, including co-leading the Agency
Effectiveness Working Group and its Investigative Process Project.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\24\ See press release ``FTC Puts Conditions on Thermo Fisher
Scientific Inc.'s Proposed Acquisition of Life Technologies
Corporation'' dated January 31, 2014, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2014/01/ftc-puts-conditions-thermo
-fisher-scientific-incs-proposed.
 \25\ See press release ``Federal Trade Commission and Justice
Department Issue Updated Model Waiver of Confidentiality for
International Civil Matters and Accompanying FAQ'' dated September
25, 2013, at
http://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/09/federal-trade-commission-a
nd-justice-department-issue-updated.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(l) Self-Regulatory and Compliance Initiatives With Industry. The
Commission continues to engage industry in compliance partnerships in
the funeral and franchise industries. Specifically, the Commission's
Funeral Rule Offender Program, conducted in partnership with the
National Funeral Directors Association, is designed to educate funeral
home operators found in violation of the requirements of the Funeral
Rule, 16 CFR 453, so that they can meet the rule's disclosure
requirements. Almost 460 funeral homes have participated in the program
since its inception in 1996. In addition, the Commission established
the Franchise Rule Alternative Law Enforcement Program in partnership
with the International Franchise Association (IFA), a nonprofit
organization that represents both franchisors and franchisees. This
program is designed to assist franchisors found to have a minor or
technical violation of the Franchise Rule, 16 CFR 436, in complying
with the rule. Violations involving fraud or other section 5 violations
are not candidates for referral to the program. The IFA teaches the
franchisor how to comply with the rule and monitors its business for a
period of years. Where appropriate, the program offers franchisees the
opportunity to mediate claims arising from the law violations. Since
December

[[Page 76663]]

1998, 21 companies have agreed to participate in the program.
Rulemakings and Studies Required by Statute
 Congress has enacted laws requiring the Commission to undertake
rulemakings and studies. This section discusses required rules and
studies. The final actions section below describes actions taken on the
required rulemakings and studies since the 2013 Regulatory Plan was
published.
 FACTA Rules. The Commission has issued all of the rules required by
FACTA (Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act). These rules are
codified in several parts of 16 CFR 602 et seq., amending or
supplementing regulations relating to the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
 FACTA Studies. On March 27, 2009, the Commission issued compulsory
information requests to the nine largest private providers of homeowner
insurance in the nation. The purpose was to help the FTC collect data
for its study on the effects of credit-based scores in the homeowner
insurance market, a study mandated by section 215 of the FACTA. During
the summer of 2009, these nine insurers submitted responses to the
Commission's requests. FTC staff has reviewed the large policy-level
data files included in these submissions and has identified a sample
set of data to be used for the study. The insurance companies then
worked with their vendor to ensure the security of delivering the data
set to the FTC's own and separate vendor. That data was sent to the
FTC's vendor, which then sent the data, stripped of any personally
identifiable information, to the FTC. The FTC's vendor also sent other
data to the Social Security Administration (SSA), which will provide
the FTC with additional data for the Report. The FTC hopes to receive
the SSA data soon. Staff expects the Report will be submitted to
Congress during the spring of 2015. This study is not affected by the
Consumer Financial Protection Act.
 Section 319 of FACTA requires the FTC to study the accuracy and
completeness of information in consumers' credit reports and to
consider methods for improving the accuracy and completeness of such
information. Section 319 of the Act also requires the Commission to
issue a series of biennial reports to Congress over a period of 11
years. The Commission's December 2012 report to Congress on credit
reporting accuracy focused on identifying potential errors that could
have a material effect on a person's credit standing. Any participants
who identified a potentially material error on their report were
encouraged to dispute the erroneous information. The study found that
26 percent of consumers reported a potential material error on one or
more of their three reports and filed a dispute with at least one
credit reporting agency (CRA), and half of these consumers experienced
a change in their credit scores. For five percent of consumers, the
errors on their credit reports could lead to them paying more for
products such as auto loans and insurance. Congress instructed the FTC
to complete this study by December 2014, when a final report is due.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 In 1992, the Commission implemented a program to review its rules
and guides regularly. The Commission's review program is patterned
after provisions in the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601-612.
Under the Commission's program, rules are reviewed on a 10-year
schedule. For many rules, this has resulted in more frequent reviews
than are generally required by section 610 of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act. This program is also broader than the review
contemplated under the Regulatory Flexibility Act, in that it provides
the Commission with an ongoing systematic approach for seeking
information about the costs and benefits of its rules and guides and
whether there are changes that could minimize any adverse economic
effects, not just a ``significant economic impact upon a substantial
number of small entities.'' 5 U.S.C. 610.
 As part of its continuing 10-year review plan, the Commission
examines the effect of rules and guides on small businesses and on the
marketplace in general. These reviews may lead to the revision or
rescission of rules and guides to ensure that the Commission's consumer
protection and competition goals are achieved efficiently and at the
least cost to business. In a number of instances, the Commission has
determined that existing rules and guides were no longer necessary or
in the public interest. Most of the matters currently under review
pertain to consumer protection and are intended to ensure that
consumers receive the information necessary to evaluate competing
products and make informed purchasing decisions. Pursuant to this
program, the Commission has rescinded 37 rules and guides promulgated
under the FTC's general authority and updated dozens of others since
the early 1990s.
 In light of Executive Orders 13563 and 13579, the FTC continues to
take a fresh look at its long-standing regulatory review process. The
Commission is taking a number of steps to ease burdens on business and
promote transparency in its regulatory review program:
 The Commission recently issued a revised 10-year review
schedule (see next paragraph below) and is accelerating the review of a
number of rules and guides in response to recent changes in technology
and the marketplace. The Commission is currently reviewing 20 of the 65
rules and guides within its jurisdiction.
 The Commission continues to request and review public
comments on the effectiveness of its regulatory review program and
suggestions for its improvement.
 The FTC maintains a Web page at http://www.ftc.gov/regreview that serves as a
one-stop shop for the public to obtain
information and provide comments on individual rules and guides under
review as well as the Commission's regulatory review program generally.
 In addition, the Commission's 10-year periodic review schedule
includes initiating reviews for the following rules and guides (79 FR
14199, March 13, 2014) during 2014 and 2015:
 (1) Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information, 16 CFR 314,
 (2) Contact Lens Rule, 16 CFR 315,
 (3) CAN-SPAM Rule, 16 CFR 316, and
 (4) Ophthalmic Practice Rules (Eyeglass Rule), 16 CFR 456.
 As set out below under Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews, the
Commission recently initiated reviews of the Telemarketing Sales Rule
(TSR), 16 CFR 308, and the Hobby Rules, 16 CFR 304.

Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews

The Commission is continuing review of a number of rules and
guides, which are discussed below.
(a) Rules
 Premerger Notification Rules and Report Form (or HSR Rules), 16 CFR
801-803. The Premerger Office is considering recommending amendments to
the HSR Rules regarding standards for the valuation of potentially
reportable transactions, regarding the instructions to the HSR Form to
update information related to NAICS (North American Industry
Classification System) codes, recent rule changes, and a change of
address for delivery of filings to the FTC Premerger Office. The
proposed amendments may be issued during the first quarter of 2015. The
Premerger Office is also considering amendments to the Instructions to
the HSR Form to update information related to NAICS codes and

[[Page 76664]]

recent rule changes and allow the submission of filings on electronic
media.\26\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\26\ See Final Actions for information about a separate final
rule proceeding for HSR Rules.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fuel Rating Rule, 16 CFR 306. First issued in 1979, the Fuel Rating
Rule (or Automotive Fuel Ratings, Certification and Posting Rule)
enables consumers to buy gasoline with an appropriate octane rating for
their vehicle and establishes standard procedures for determining,
certifying, and posting octane ratings. On March 27, 2014, the
Commission proposed amendments to the Rule that would adopt and revise
rating, certification, and labeling requirements for blends of gasoline
with more than 10 percent ethanol and would allow an alternative octane
rating method that would lower compliance costs. 79 FR 18850. The
comment period closed on July 2, 2014. Staff is reviewing comments and
anticipates sending a recommendation to the Commission by the end of
the first quarter of 2015.
 Telemarketing Sales Rule (TSR), 16 CFR 308. Anti-Fraud Provisions--
Commission staff are considering proposed ``Anti-Fraud'' amendments to
the TSR concerning, among other things, the misuse of novel payment
methods by telemarketers and sellers. On May 21, 2013, the Commission
issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (``NPRM''), which was published
in the Federal Register on July 9, 2013. 78 FR 41200. After a short
extension, the comment period closed on August 8, 2013. Commission
staff is reviewing the comments submitted in response to the NPRM, and
anticipates making a recommendation to the Commission by the end of
2014.
 Periodic Rule Review--On August 11, 2014, Commission initiated
periodic review of the TSR as set out on the 10-year review schedule.
79 FR 46732. The comment period as extended will close on November 13,
2014. 79 FR 61267 (Oct. 10, 2014).
 Hobby Rules, 16 CFR 304. As part of the systematic rule review
process, on July 14, 2014, the Commission requested public comments on,
among other things, the economic impact and benefits of the Hobby Rules
(Rules and Regulations under the Hobby Protection Act); possible
conflict between the Rules and State, local, or other Federal laws or
regulations; and the effect on the Rules of any technological,
economic, or other industry changes. 79 FR 40691. The comment period
closed on September 22, 2014. The Hobby Protection Act, 16 U.S.C. 2101-
2106, prohibits manufacturing or importing imitation numismatic and
collectible political items unless they are marked in accordance with
regulations prescribed by the Federal Trade Commission. The
implementing Rules prescribe that imitation political items--such as
buttons, posters or coffee mugs--must be marked with the calendar year
in which they were manufactured, and imitation numismatic items--
including coins, tokens and paper money--must be marked with the word
``copy.'' Staff anticipates sending a recommendation to the Commission
by May 2015.
 The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act (``FPLA'') Rules, 16 CFR 500-
502. The FPLA requires consumer commodities to be marked with
statements of: (1) Identity; (2) net quantity of contents; and (3) name
and place of the business of manufacturer, packer, or distributor.
These requirements serve FPLA's stated purpose of ``enabling consumers
to obtain accurate information as to the quantity of the contents and .
. . to facilitate value comparisons.'' As part of its ongoing
systematic review process, the Commission requested comments on March
19, 2014, regarding, among other things, the economic impact and
benefits of the FPLA Rules; possible conflict between the Rules and
State, local, or other Federal laws or regulations; and the effect on
the Rules of any technological, economic, or other industry changes.
The comment period closed on May 21, 2014. Staff is reviewing the
comments and anticipates forwarding a recommendation to the Commission
by the end of 2014.
 Care Labeling Rule, 16 CFR 423. Promulgated in 1971, the Rule on
Care Labeling of Textile Apparel and Certain Piece Goods as Amended
(the Care Labeling Rule) makes it an unfair or deceptive act or
practice for manufacturers and importers of textile wearing apparel and
certain piece goods to sell these items without attaching care labels
stating ``what regular care is needed for the ordinary use of the
product.'' The Rule also requires that the manufacturer or importer
possess, prior to sale, a reasonable basis for the care instructions
and allows the use of approved care symbols in lieu of words to
disclose care instructions. After reviewing the comments from a
periodic rule review (76 FR 41148; July 13, 2011), the Commission
concluded on September 20, 2012, that the Rule continued to benefit
consumers and would be retained, and sought comments on potential
updates to the Rule, including changes that would: Allow garment
manufacturers and marketers to include instructions for professional
wetcleaning on labels; permit the use of ASTM Standard D5489-07,
``Standard Guide for Care Symbols for Care Instructions on Textile
Products,'' or ISO 3758:2005(E), ``Textiles--Care labeling code using
symbols,'' in lieu of terms; clarify what can constitute a reasonable
basis for care instructions; and update the definition of ``dryclean.''
77 FR 58338. On March 28, 2014, the Commission hosted a public
roundtable in Washington, DC, that analyzed proposed changes to the
Rule. Staff anticipates forwarding a recommendation to the Commission
action during early 2015.
 Used Car Rule, 16 CFR 455. The Used Motor Vehicle Trade Regulation
Rule (``Used Car Rule''), 16 CFR 455, sets out the general duties of a
used vehicle dealer; requires that a completed Buyers Guide be posted
at all times on the side window of each used car a dealer offers for
sale; and mandates disclosure of whether the vehicle is covered by a
dealer warranty and, if so, the type and duration of the warranty
coverage, or whether the vehicle is being sold ``as is-no warranty.''
The Commission published a notice seeking public comments on the
effectiveness and impact of the rule. See 73 FR 42285 (July 21, 2008).
The comment period, as extended and then reopened, ended on June 15,
2009. In response to comments, the Commission published a Notice of
Proposed Rulemaking on December 17, 2012 (See 77 FR 74746) and a final
rule revising the Spanish translation of the window form on December
12, 2012. See 77 FR 73912. The extended comment period on the NPRM
ended on March 13, 2012. The Commission is currently considering
staff's recommendation relating to the next step in this rulemaking.
 Consumer Warranty Rules, 16 CFR 701-703. The Rule Governing the
Disclosure of Written Consumer Product Warranty Terms and Conditions
(Rule 701) establishes requirements for warrantors for disclosing the
terms and conditions of written warranties on consumer products
actually costing the consumer more than $15.00. The Rule Governing the
Pre-Sale Availability of Written Warranty Terms, 16 CFR part 702 (Rule
702) requires sellers and warrantors to make the terms of a written
warranty available to the consumer prior to sale. The Rule Governing
Informal Dispute Settlement Procedures (IDSM) (Rule 703) establishes
minimum requirements for those informal dispute settlement mechanisms
that are incorporated by the warrantor into its consumer product
warranty. By incorporating the IDSM into the warranty, the warrantor
requires the consumer to use the IDSM before pursuing any legal
remedies in

[[Page 76665]]

court. On August 23, 2011, as part of its ongoing systematic review of
all FTC rules and guides, the Commission requested comments on, among
other things, the economic impact and benefits of these Rules, Guides,
and Interpretations; \27\ possible conflict between the Rules, Guides,
and Interpretations and state, local, or other federal laws or
regulations; and the effect on the Rules, Guides, and Interpretations
of any technological, economic, or other industry changes. See 76 FR
52596. The comment period closed on October 24, 2011. Staff anticipates
sending a recommendation to the Commission by the fall of 2014.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\27\ The Federal Register Notice also announced the review of
the related Guides for the Advertising of Warranties and Guarantees,
16 CFR 239, and the Interpretations of Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act,
16 CFR 700.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cooling-Off Rule, 16 CFR 429. The Cooling-Off Rule requires that a
consumer be given a 3-day right to cancel certain sales greater than
$25.00 that occur at a place other than a seller's place of business.
The rule also requires a seller to notify buyers orally of the right to
cancel, to provide buyers with a dated receipt or copy of the contract
containing the name and address of the seller and notice of
cancellation rights, and to provide buyers with forms which buyers may
use to cancel the contract. As part of its systematic regulatory review
process and following public comment, the Commission announced that it
was retaining the Cooling-Off Rule and proposed increasing its $25
exclusionary limit to $130 to account for inflation. 78 FR 3855 (Jan.
17, 2013). The comment period closed on March 4, 2013. Staff reviewed
the comments, and the Commission is currently reviewing its
recommendation.
 Unavailability Rule, 16 CFR 424. The Unavailability Rule states
that it is a violation of section 5 of the FTC Act for retail stores of
food, groceries, or other merchandise to advertise products for sale at
a stated price if those stores do not have the advertised products in
stock and readily available to customers during the effective period of
the advertisement, unless the advertisement clearly discloses that
supplies of the advertised products are limited or are available only
at some outlets. This Rule is intended to benefit consumers by ensuring
that advertised items are available, that advertising-induced
purchasing trips are not fruitless, and that store prices accurately
reflect the prices appearing in the ads. On August 12, 2011, the
Commission announced an ANPRM and a request for comment on the Rule as
part of its systematic periodic review of current rules. The comment
period closed on October 19, 2011. Staff has reviewed the comments and
expects to submit a recommendation to the Commission by the winter of
2015.
(b) Guides
 Jewelry Guides, 16 CFR 23. The Commission sought public comments on
its Guides for the Jewelry, Precious Metals, and Pewter Industries,
which are commonly known as the Jewelry Guides. 77 FR 39202 (July 2,
2012). Since completing its last review of the Jewelry Guides in 1996,
the Commission revised sections of the Guides and addressed other
issues raised in petitions from jewelry trade associations. The Guides
explain to businesses how to avoid making deceptive claims about
precious metal, pewter, diamond, gemstone, and pearl products and when
they should make disclosures to avoid unfair or deceptive trade
practices. The comment period initially set to close on August 27,
2012, was subsequently extended until September 28, 2012. Staff also
conducted a public roundtable to examine possible modifications to the
Guides in June 2013. Staff is currently reviewing the record, including
comments and the roundtable transcript.
 Used Auto Parts Guides, 16 CFR 20. On July 14, 2014, the Commission
completed its review of the Guides for the Rebuilt, Reconditioned and
Other Used Automobile Parts Industry (Used Auto Parts Guides or
Guides), which are designed to prevent the unfair or deceptive
marketing of used motor vehicle parts and assemblies, such as engines
and transmissions, containing used parts. 79 FR 40623. The Guides
prohibit misrepresentations that a part is new or about the condition,
extent of previous use, reconstruction, or repair of a part. Previously
used parts must be clearly and conspicuously identified as such in
advertising and packaging and, if the part appears new, on the part
itself. In May 2012, the Commission sought public comments on the Used
Auto Parts Guides. 77 FR 29922. After considering the comments, the
Commission decided to retain and amend the Guides. Significant
amendments include providing that the term ``remanufactured,'' like the
term ``factory rebuilt,'' should be used only if the product was
rebuilt ``at a factory generally engaged in the rebuilding of such
products;'' applying the Guides to used tires; and shortening and
updating the sample list of parts that may be industry products.
Final Actions
 Since the publication of the 2013 Regulatory Plan, the Commission
has issued the following final rules or taken other actions to close
other rulemaking proceedings.
 Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule, 16 CFR 435. The Mail or
Telephone Order Rule requires that, when sellers advertise merchandise,
they must have a reasonable basis for stating or implying that they can
ship within a certain time. On September 11, 2014, the Commission
announced it was adopting final amendments to its Trade Regulation Rule
previously entitled ``Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise,'' including
revising its name to ``Mail, Internet, or Telephone Order Merchandise''
(the ``Rule''). 79 FR 55615 (Sept. 17, 2014). The final rule is based
upon the comments received in response to an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking, a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, a Staff Report, and other
information. Other final amendments clarify that the Rule covers all
orders placed over the Internet; revise the Rule to allow sellers to
provide refunds and refund notices by any means at least as fast and
reliable as first class mail; clarify sellers' obligations when buyers
use payment systems not enumerated in the Rule; and require that
refunds be made within seven working days for purchases made using
third-party credit cards. The final rule is effective on December 8,
2014.
 Wool Rules, 16 CFR 300. On June 4, 2014, the Commission amended the
Wool Rules (Rules and Regulations Under The Wool Products Labeling Act
of 1939) to conform to the 2006 amendments to the Wool Suit Fabric
Labeling Fairness and International Standards Conforming Act (the Wool
Act) and the amended Textile Rules. The changes included incorporating
the Wool Act's new definitions for cashmere and very fine wools,
clarifying descriptions of products containing virgin or new wool, and
allowing certain hang-tags disclosing fiber trademarks and performance
even if they do not disclose the product's full fiber content. The
amended Rules were effective on July 7, 2014.
 Fur Rules, 16 CFR 301. The Commission published amendments to the
Fur Rules (or Rules and Regulations under the Fur Products Labeling
Act) on May 28, 2014, to update the Fur Products Name Guide, provide
more labeling flexibility, incorporate Truth in Fur Labeling Act
provisions, and conform the guaranty provisions to those governing the
Rules under the Textile Fiber Products Identification

[[Page 76666]]

Act. 79 FR 30445. The amendments are effective November 19, 2014. More
specifically, the changes eliminate unnecessary requirements on
companies that sell fur products to give them more flexibility on
labeling, update the Fur Products Name Guide that lists common animal
names allowed on fur labels, incorporate provisions of a fur labeling
law passed by Congress in 2010, the Truth in Fur Labeling Act of 2010
(``TFLA''), including the elimination of the Commission's discretion to
exempt fur products of ``relatively small quantity or value'' from
disclosure requirements; and providing that the Fur Act would not apply
to products covered by the hunter/trapper exemption.
 Textile Labeling Rules, 16 CFR 303. These Rules implement Textile
Fiber Identification Act requirements that apparel and other covered
household textile articles be marked with (1) the generic names and
percentages by weight of the constituent fibers present in the textile
fiber product; (2) the name under which the manufacturer or another
responsible USA company does business, or in lieu thereof, the
registered identification number (RIN) of such a company; and (3) the
name of the country where the textile product was processed or
manufactured. After notice and comment, the Commission amended the
Rules on April 4, 2014, to clarify and update its provisions and
provide more flexibility, giving businesses more compliance options
without imposing significant new obligations. 79 FR 18766.
 Premerger Notification Rules and Report Form (or HSR Rules), 16 CFR
801-803. On April 25, 2014, the Commission, in conjunction with the
Department of Justice's Antitrust Division, issued amendments to the
HSR Rules, updating the Instructions to the HSR Form with the address
for the Premerger Office's new location in the Constitution Center. The
effective date of the new address was May 6, 2014. 79 FR 25662.
 Prenotification Negative Option Rule, 16 CFR 425. On July 25, 2014,
the Commission announced it was closing the periodic Regulatory Review
and retaining the Negative Option Rule (the Trade Regulation Rule on
Prenotification Negative Option Plans) as currently written. 79 FR
44271 (July 31, 2014). The Negative Option Rule governs the operation
of prenotification subscription plans. Under these plans, sellers ship
merchandise automatically to their subscribers and bill them for the
merchandise within a prescribed time. The Negative Option Rule protects
consumers by requiring the disclosure of the terms of membership
clearly and conspicuously and establishes procedures for administering
the subscription plans.
 Energy Labeling Rule, 16 CFR 305. On April 9, 2014, the Commission
issued conforming amendments to the Rule requiring a new Department of
Energy (``DOE'') test procedure for televisions and establishing data
reporting requirements for those products. 79 FR 19464.\28\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\28\ See Ongoing Rule and Guide Reviews for information about a
separate ongoing rulemaking proceeding for the Energy Labeling Rule.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR 310. Caller ID--After reviewing
the public comments elicited by an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking, 75 FR 78179 (Dec. 15, 2010) seeking suggestions on ways to
enhance the effectiveness and enforceability of the caller
identification (``Caller ID'') requirements of the TSR as well as
technical presentations at the FTC's 2012 Robocall Summit, the
Commission determined that amending the TSR would not reduce the
incidence of the falsification, or ``spoofing,'' of Caller ID
information in telemarketing calls. The Commission issued a Federal
Register Notice closing this proceeding, effective December 5, 2013. 78
FR 77024 (Dec. 20, 2014).
 Fred Meyer Guides, 16 CFR 240. On September 18, 2014, the
Commission completed its review of the Fred Meyer Guides (officially
the Guides for Advertising Allowances and Other Merchandising Payments
and Services) and is retaining the Guides with updates that, among
other revisions, clarify that the Guides apply to Internet commerce and
bring the Guides into conformity with current case law regarding the
applicability of Sections 2(d) and (e) of the Robinson-Patman Act to
knowing inducement of disproportional promotional allowances. 79 FR
58245 (Sept. 29, 2014). The Guides assist businesses in complying with
sections 2(d) and 2(e) of the Robinson-Patman Act, which proscribe
certain discriminations in the provision of promotional allowances and
services to customers. Broadly put, the Guides provide that unlawful
discrimination may be avoided by providing promotional allowances and
services to customers on ``proportionally equal terms.''
 Vocational Schools Guides, 16 CFR 254. On November 18, 2013, the
Commission amended the Vocational Schools Guides (or the Private
Vocational and Distance Education Schools Guides) to address more
specifically misrepresentations commonly used in recruitment, including
those regarding completion/dropout rates and post-graduation job
prospects; about whether completion of a program will qualify students
to take a licensing exam; concerning a student's score on an admissions
test, how long it takes to complete a course or program, or a student's
likelihood of success; and regarding the likelihood of financial aid or
help with language barriers or learning disabilities, or how much
credit students will receive for courses completed elsewhere. 78 FR
68987. The Vocational School Guides address marketing practices by
businesses that offer vocational training.
Summary
 In both content and process, the FTC's ongoing and proposed
regulatory actions are consistent with the President's priorities. The
actions under consideration inform and protect consumers, while
minimizing the regulatory burdens on businesses. The Commission will
continue working toward these goals. The Commission's 10-year review
program is patterned after provisions in the Regulatory Flexibility Act
and complies with the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996. The Commission's 10-year program also is consistent with
section 5(a) of Executive Order 12866, which directs executive branch
agencies to develop a plan to reevaluate periodically all of their
significant existing regulations. 58 FR 51735 (Sept. 30, 1993). In
addition, the final rules issued by the Commission continue to be
consistent with the President's Statement of Regulatory Philosophy and
Principles, Executive Order 12866, section 1(a), which directs agencies
to promulgate only such regulations as are, inter alia, required by law
or are made necessary by compelling public need, such as material
failures of private markets to protect or improve the health and safety
of the public.
 The Commission continues to identify and weigh the costs and
benefits of proposed actions and possible alternative actions and to
receive the broadest practicable array of comment from affected
consumers, businesses, and the public at large. In sum, the
Commission's regulatory actions are aimed at efficiently and fairly
promoting the ability of ``private markets to protect or improve the
health and safety of the public, the environment, or the well-being of
the American people.'' Executive Order 12866, section 1.

II. Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions

The Commission has no proposed rules that would be a ``significant

[[Page 76667]]

regulatory action'' under the definition in Executive Order 12866.\29\
The Commission has no proposed rules that would have significant
international impacts under the definition in Executive Order 13609.
Also, there are no international regulatory cooperation activities that
are reasonably anticipated to lead to significant regulations under
Executive Order 13609.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

\29\ Section 3(f) of Executive Order 12866 defines a regulatory
action to be ``significant'' if it is likely to result in a rule
that may:
 (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more
or adversely affect in a material way the economy; a sector of the
economy; productivity; competition; jobs; the environment; public
health or safety; or State, local, or tribal governments or
communities;
 (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with
an action taken or planned by another agency;
 (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs, or the rights and obligations
of recipients thereof; or
 (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in
this Executive order.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

BILLING CODE 6750-01-P

NATIONAL INDIAN GAMING COMMISSION (NIGC)

Statement of Regulatory Priorities

In 1988, Congress adopted the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (IGRA)
(Pub L. 100-497, 102 Stat. 2475) with a primary purpose of providing
``a statutory basis for the operation of gaming by Indian tribes as a
means of promoting tribal economic development, self-sufficiency, and
strong tribal governments.'' IGRA established the National Indian
Gaming Commission (NIGC or the Commission) to protect such gaming,
amongst other things, as a means of generating tribal revenue.
 At its core, Indian gaming is a function of sovereignty exercised
by tribal governments. In addition, the Federal government maintains a
government-to-government relationship with the tribes--a responsibility
of the NIGC. Thus, while the Agency is committed to strong regulation
of Indian gaming, the Commission is equally committed to strengthening
government-to-government relations by engaging in meaningful
consultation with tribes to fulfill IGRA's intent. The NIGC's vision is
to adhere to principles of good government, including transparency to
promote agency accountability and fiscal responsibility, to operate
consistently to ensure fairness and clarity in the administration of
IGRA, and to respect the responsibilities of each sovereign in order to
fully promote tribal economic development, self-sufficiency, and strong
tribal governments. The NIGC is fully committed to working with tribes
to ensure the integrity of the industry by exercising its regulatory
responsibilities through technical assistance, compliance, and
enforcement activities.
Retrospective Review of Existing Regulations
 As an independent regulatory agency, the NIGC has been performing a
retrospective review of its existing regulations well before Executive
Order 13579 was issued on July 11, 2011. The NIGC, however, recognizes
the importance of Executive Order 13579 and its regulatory review is
being conducted in the spirit of Executive Order 13579, to identify
those regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal
them in accordance with input from the public. In addition, as required
by Executive Order 13175, the Commission has been conducting
government-to-government consultations with tribes regarding each
regulation's relevancy, consistency in application, and limitations or
barriers to implementation, based on the tribes' experiences. The
consultation process is also intended to result in the identification
of areas for improvement and needed amendments, if any, new
regulations, and the possible repeal of outdated regulations.
 The following Regulatory Identifier Numbers (RINs) have been
identified as associated with the review:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 RIN Title
------------------------------------------------------------------------
3141-AA32................... Amendment of Definitions.
3141-AA55................... Minimum Internal Control Standards.
3141-AA58................... Amendment of Approval of Management
 Contracts.
3141-AA60................... Class II Minimum Internal Control
 Standards.
3143-AA61................... Self-Regulation of Class II Gaming.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

More specifically, the NIGC is currently considering promulgating
new regulations in the following areas: (i) Amendments to its
regulatory definitions to conform to the newly promulgated rules; (ii)
the removal, revision, or suspension of the existing minimum internal
control standards (MICS) in part 542; (iii) updates or revisions to its
management contract regulations to address the current state of the
industry; (iv) updates and revisions to its Self-Regulation of Class II
Gaming regulations; and (v) the review and revision of the minimum
internal control standards for Class II gaming. The NIGC anticipates
that the ongoing consultations with regulated tribes will continue to
play an important role in the development of the NIGC's rulemaking
efforts.
BILLING CODE 7565-01-P

U.S. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION'S FISCAL YEAR 2014 REGULATORY PLAN

A. Statement of Regulatory Priorities

Under the authority of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended,
and the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as amended, the U.S. Nuclear
Regulatory Commission (NRC) regulates the possession and use of source,
byproduct, and special nuclear material. The NRC's regulatory mission
is to license and regulate the Nation's civilian use of byproduct,
source, and special nuclear materials, to ensure adequate protection of
public health and safety, promote the common defense and security, and
protect the environment. As part of its mission, the NRC regulates the
operation of nuclear power plants and fuel-cycle plants; the
safeguarding of nuclear materials from theft and sabotage; the safe
transport, storage, and disposal of radioactive materials and wastes;
the decommissioning and safe release for other uses of licensed
facilities that are no longer in operation; and the medical,
industrial, and research applications of nuclear material. In addition,
the NRC licenses the import and export of radioactive materials.
 As part of its regulatory process, the NRC routinely conducts
comprehensive

[[Page 76668]]

regulatory analyses that examine the costs and benefits of contemplated
regulations. The NRC has developed internal procedures and programs to
ensure that it imposes only necessary requirements on its licensees and
to review existing regulations to determine whether the requirements
imposed are still necessary.
 The NRC's Regulatory Plan contains a statement of: (1) The major
rules that the NRC expects to publish in final form in fiscal year (FY)
2014 and FY 2015; (2) the other significant rulemakings that the NRC
expects to publish in final form in FY 2014; and (3) the other
significant rulemakings that the NRC expects to publish in final form
in FY 2015 and beyond. For each rule and rulemaking, the NRC is
including a citation to an applicable Federal Register notice, which
provides further information, a summary of the legal basis for the rule
or rulemaking, an explanation of why the NRC is pursuing the rule or
rulemaking, the rulemaking's schedule, and contact information.

B.1. Major Rules (FY 2014)

The NRC will have published one major rule in final form by the end
of FY 2014.
Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for FY 2014 (Regulation
Identifier Number (RIN) 3150-AJ32)
 Through this rule, the NRC will amend the licensing, inspection,
and annual fees charged to its applicants and licensees. The amendments
are necessary to implement the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990, as amended, which requires the NRC to recover through fees
approximately 90 percent of its budget authority in FY 2014, not
including amounts appropriated for Waste Incidental to Reprocessing and
amounts appropriated for generic homeland security activities. These
fees represent the cost of the NRC's services provided to applicants
and licensees. The proposed rule was published in the Federal Register
(FR) on April 14, 2014 (79 FR 21036), and the comment period ended on
May 14, 2014.

B.2. Major Rules (FY 2015)

The NRC anticipates publishing one major rule in final form in FY
2015.
 Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for FY 2015--The NRC will
update its requirement to recover approximately 90 percent of its
budget authority in FY 2015.

C.1. Other Significant Rulemakings (FY 2014)

The NRC has published four other significant rulemakings in final
form in FY 2014. All four rules update the NRC's list of approved spent
fuel storage casks to include amendments to Certificates of Compliance
(CoC). Final rules were published in the FR as follows:
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized NUHOMS[supreg] Cask System;
Amendment No. 11 to CoC No. 1004 (RIN 3150-AJ10), was published on
December 27, 2013 (78 FR 78693), and effective on January 7, 2014.
 HI-STORM 100 Cask System; Amendment No. 9 to CoC No. 1014 (RIN
3150-AJ12), was published on December 26, 2013 (78 FR 78165), and
effective on March 11, 2014.
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized NUHOMS[supreg] Cask System;
Amendment No. 13 to CoC No. 1004 (RIN 3150-AJ28), was published on
March 10, 2014 (79 FR 13192). The final rule will be effective on May
24, 2014.
 Transnuclear, Inc. Standardized Advanced NUHOMS[supreg] Horizontal
Modular Storage System; Amendment No. 3 to CoC No. 1029 (RIN 3150-
AJ31), was published on April 15, 2014 (79 FR 21121). The NRC is in the
process of considering comments received on this direct final rule.
 The NRC will have published two CoC rules in final form in FY 2014.
 Two CoC Rulemakings (RIN 3150-AJ30; and RIN 3150-AJ39)--These
rulemakings allow a power reactor licensee to store spent fuel in
approved cask designs under a general license.

C.2. Other Significant Rulemakings (FY 2015 and Beyond)

The other significant rulemakings that the NRC anticipates
publishing in final form in FY 2015 and beyond are listed below. Some
of these regulatory priorities are a result of recommendations from the
Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force. In 2011, the NRC established
this task force to examine regulatory requirements, programs,
processes, and implementation based on information from the Fukushima
Dai-ichi site in Japan, following the March 11, 2011, earthquake and
tsunami (see ``Recommendations for Enhancing Reactor Safety in the 21st
Century: The Near-Term Task Force Review of Insights from the Fukushima
Dai-ichi Accident,'' dated July 12, 2011 (Agencywide Documents Access
and Management System (ADAMS) Accession No. ML111861807)).
Station Blackout Mitigation Strategies (RIN 3150-AJ08)
 This rulemaking addresses Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force
Recommendations 4 and 7. The NRC published a draft regulatory basis for
public comment in the Federal Register on April 10, 2013 (78 FR 21275),
supporting the potential amendment of its regulations for nuclear power
plant licensees and their station blackout mitigation strategies. The
NRC issued a final regulatory basis for rulemaking in a document
published in the Federal Register on July 23, 2013 (78 FR 44035).
Performance-Based Emergency Core Cooling System Acceptance Criteria
(RIN 3150-AH42)
 The proposed rule was published in the Federal Register on March
24, 2014 (79 FR 16106). The proposed rule would replace prescriptive
requirements with performance-based requirements, incorporate recent
research findings, and expand applicability to all fuel designs and
cladding materials. Further, the proposed rule would allow licensees to
use an alternative risk-informed approach to evaluate the effects of
debris on long-term cooling. The proposed rule addresses two petitions
for rulemaking (PRMs). On April 22, 2014 (79 FR 22456), a document was
published in the FR extending the comment period until August 21, 2014.
Strengthening and Integrating Onsite Emergency Response Capabilities
(RIN 3150-AJ11)
 This rulemaking addresses Fukushima Dai-ichi Near-Term Task Force
Recommendation 8. The draft regulatory basis for this rulemaking was
published in the FR on January 8, 2013 (78 FR 1154). The NRC solicited
stakeholder feedback on why the NRC finds rulemaking necessary to
revise its regulations governing the integration and enhancement of
requirements for onsite emergency response capabilities. The final
regulatory basis for this rulemaking was published in the FR on October
25, 2013 (78 FR 63901). Preliminary proposed rule language was made
available in a document published in the FR on November 15, 2013 (78 FR
68774).
Medical Use of Byproduct Material (Formerly Titled: Preceptor
Attestation Requirements) (RIN 3150-AI63)
 The proposed rule would amend medical use regulations related to
medical event definitions for permanent implant brachytherapy; training
and experience requirements for authorized users, medical physicists,
Radiation

[[Page 76669]]

Safety Officers, and nuclear pharmacists; and requirements for the
testing and reporting of failed molybdenum/technetium and rubidium
generators. This rule would also make changes that would allow
Associate Radiation Safety Officers to be named on a medical license,
and make other clarifications. This rulemaking would also consider a
request filed in a PRM, PRM-35-20, to ``grandfather'' certain board-
certified individuals, and per Commission direction in the Staff
Requirements Memorandum dated August 13, 2012, to SECY-12-0053 (ADAMS
Accession No. ML12072A299), subsume a proposed rule previously
published under RIN 3150-AI26, ``Medical Use of Byproduct Material-
Amendments/Medical Event Definition'' [NRC-2008-0071].
10 CFR Part 26 Drug and Alcohol Testing (RIN 3150-AJ15)
 This proposed rule would amend the drug testing requirements of 10
CFR part 26, ``Fitness-for-Duty Programs,'' to incorporate lessons
learned from implementing the 2008 10 CFR part 26 final rule; enhance
the identification of new testing subversion methods; and require the
evaluation and testing of semi-synthetic opiates, synthetic drugs and
urine, and use of chemicals or multiple prescriptions that could result
in a person being unfit for duty.
Enhanced Weapons, Firearms Background Checks, and Security Event
Notifications (RIN 3150-AI49)
 The proposed rule was published in the FR on February 2, 2011 (76
FR 6200). A supplemental proposed rule was published in the FR on
January 10, 2013 (78 FR 2214). This proposed rule would implement the
NRC's authority under the new Section 161A of the Atomic Energy Act of
1954, as amended, and revise existing regulations governing security
event notifications.
Cyber Event Notification Rule (RIN 3150-AJ37)
 This rule would establish a new section in 10 CFR part 73,
``Physical Protection of Plants and Materials,'' for cyber security
event notifications. This rule was originally proposed as part of the
Enhanced Weapons rulemaking (RIN 3150-AI49).
Site-Specific Analysis (Disposal of Unique Waste Streams) (RIN 3150-
AI92)
 The proposed rule would amend the Commission's regulations to
require both currently operating and future low-level radioactive waste
disposal facilities to enhance safe disposal of low-level radioactive
waste by conducting a performance assessment and an intruder assessment
to demonstrate compliance with performance objectives in 10 CFR part
61, ``Licensing Requirements for Land Disposal of Radioactive Waste.''
Preliminary proposed rule language was made available in a document
published in the FR on May 3, 2011 (76 FR 24831). The regulatory basis
for rulemaking was made available in a document published in the FR on
December 7, 2012 (77 FR 72997). On January 8, 2013 (78 FR 1155), the
NRC published a document correcting the title and the ADAMS accession
number of the regulatory basis document referenced in the document that
was published on December 7, 2012.
10 CFR Part 26 Drug Testing--U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) Guidelines (RIN 3150-AI67)
 The proposed rule would amend the Commission's regulations to
selectively align drug testing requirements in 10 CFR part 26 with
Federal drug testing guidelines issued by HHS. The regulatory basis was
published in the FR on July 1, 2013 (78 FR 39190).

NRC

Proposed Rule Stage

159. Revision of Fee Schedules: Fee Recovery for FY 2015 [NRC-
2014-0200]

Priority: Economically Significant. Major under 5 U.S.C. 801.
 Legal Authority: 42 U.S.C. 2201; 42 U.S.C. 5841
 CFR Citation: 10 CFR 170; 10 CFR 171.
 Legal Deadline: NPRM, Statutory, September 30, 2015.
 The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (OBRA-90), as
amended, requires that the NRC recover approximately 90 percent of its
budget authority in Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, less the amounts
appropriated from the Waste Incidental to Reprocessing, and generic
homeland security activities. The OBRA-90 requires that the fees for FY
2015, must be collected by September 30, 2015.
 Abstract: This proposed rulemaking would amend the licensing,
inspection, and annual fees that the Commission charges its applicants
and licensees. These amendments would implement the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1990 (OBRA-90) as amended, which requires that
the NRC recover approximately 90 percent of its budget authority in
Fiscal Year (FY) 2015, less the amounts appropriated from the Waste
Incidental to Reprocessing, and generic homeland security activities.
 Statement of Need: This rulemaking would amend the licensing
inspection, and annual fees charged to the NRC's licensees and
applicants for an NRC license. The amendments are necessary to recover
approximately 90 percent of the NRC's budget authority for FY 2015 less
the amounts appropriated for non-fee items. The OBRA-90, as amended,
requires that the NRC accomplish the 90 percent recovery through the
assessment of fees. The NRC assesses two types of fees to recover its
budget authority. License and inspection fees are assessed under the
authority of the Independent Offices Appropriation Act of 1952 (IOAA)
to recover the costs of providing individually identifiable services to
specific applicants and licensees (10 CFR part 170). IOAA requires that
the NRC recover the full cost to the NRC of all identifiable regulatory
services that each applicant or licensee receives. The NRC recovers
generic and other regulatory costs not recovered from fees imposed
under 10 CFR part 170 through the assessment of annual fees under the
authority of OBRA-90 (10 CFR part 171). Annual fee charges are
consistent with the guidance in the Conference Committee Report on
OBRA-90. The NRC assesses annual charges under the principle that
licensees who require the greatest expenditure of the Agency's
resources should pay the greatest annual fee.
 Summary of Legal Basis: The OBRA-90, as amended, requires that the
fees for FY 2015 must be collected by September 30, 2015.
 Alternatives: Because this action is mandated by statute and the
fees must be assessed through rulemaking, the NRC did not consider
alternatives to this action.
 Anticipated Cost and Benefits: The cost to the NRC's licensees is
approximately 90 percent of the NRC FY 2015 budget authority less the
amounts appropriated for non-fee items. The estimated dollar amount to
be billed to licensees as fees to the NRC's applicants and licensees
for FY 2015 is approximately $925.2 million.
 Risks: Not applicable.
 Timetable:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Action Date FR Cite
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPRM................................ 03/00/15 .......................
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Required: Yes.
 Small Entities Affected: Businesses, Governmental Jurisdictions,
Organizations.

[[Page 76670]]

Government Levels Affected: Local, State.
 Federalism: Undetermined.
 Agency Contact: Arlette P. Howard, Nuclear Regulatory Commission,
Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Washington, DC 20555-0001,
Phone: 301 415-1481, Email: arlette.howard@nrc.gov
 RIN: 3150-AJ44
BILLING CODE 7590-01-P

FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR)

I. Mission and Overview

The Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) was established to codify
uniform policies for acquisition of supplies and services by executive
agencies. It is issued and maintained jointly, pursuant to the Office
of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) Reauthorization Act, under the
statutory authorities granted to the Secretary of Defense,
Administrator of General Services, and the Administrator, National
Aeronautics and Space Administration. Statutory authorities to issue
and revise the FAR have been delegated to the procurement executives in
Department of Defense (DoD), GSA, and National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA). The FAR Council formulated a plan for a
retrospective analysis of existing rules and a paperwork burden plan in
response to the President's Executive Orders 13563 and 13610. The plan
conducts a periodic review of existing significant regulations and also
focuses on reducing the paperwork burdens on small business. The plan
is located at http://www.acquisition.gov.

II. Statement of Regulatory and Deregulatory Priorities

Federal Acquisition Regulation Priorities

Specific FAR cases that the FAR Council plans to address in Fiscal
Year 2015 include:
Regulations of Concern to Small Businesses
 Small Business Subcontracting Improvements--This case implements
statutory requirements from the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 aimed
at protecting small business subcontractors and increasing
subcontracting opportunities for small business. (FAR Case 2014-003)
 Set-Asides under Multiple Award Contracts--This case implements
statutory requirements from the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and is
aimed at providing agencies with clarifying guidance on how to use
multiple award contracts as a tool to increase Federal contracting
opportunities for small businesses. (FAR Case 2014-002)
 Payment of Subcontractors--This case implements section 1334 of the
Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and the Small Business Administration's
(SBA) Final Rule 78 FR 42391, Small Business Subcontracting. The rule
requires prime contractors of contracts requiring a subcontracting plan
to notify the contracting officer in writing if the prime contractor
pays a reduced price to a subcontractor or if payment is more than 90
days past due. A contracting officer will then use his or her best
judgment in determining whether the late or reduced payment was
justified and if not the contracting officer will record the identity
of a prime contractor with a history of unjustified untimely payments
to subcontractors in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity
Information System (FAPIIS) or any successor system. (FAR Case 2014-
004)
 Consolidation of Contract Requirements--This case implements
section 1313 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 and SBA's final
rule to ensure that decisions made by Federal agencies regarding
consolidation of contract requirements are made with a view to
providing small businesses with appropriate opportunities to
participate as prime and subcontractors. (FAR Case 2014-015)
 Clarification of Requirement for Justifications for 8(a) Sole-
Source Contracts--This case amends the FAR in response to GAO Report to
the Chairman, Subcommittee on Contracting Oversight, Committee on
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, entitled
Federal Contracting: Slow Start to Implementation of Justifications for
8(a) Sole-Source Contracts (GAO-13-118 dated December 2012). The GAO
report indicated that the FAR is not clear on whether a justification
is required and suggested that clarifying guidance is needed to help
ensure that agencies are applying the justification requirement
consistently. Based on GAO's recommendation, this case further
clarifies the processes and procedures in the FAR to ensure uniform,
consistent, and coherent guidance regarding the use of sole-source 8(a)
justifications. (FAR Case 2013-018)
 Contracts under the Small Business Administration 8(a) Program--
This case clarifies FAR subpart 19.8, ``Contracting with the Small
Business Administration (The 8(a) Program).'' Clarifications include
the evaluation, offering, and acceptance process for requirements under
the 8(a) program, procedures for acquiring SBA's consent to procure an
8(a) requirement outside the 8(a) program, and the impact of exiting
the 8(a) program in terms of the firm's ability to receive future 8(a)
requirements and its current contractual commitments. (FAR Case 2012-
022)

Regulations Which Promote Fiscal Responsibility

Notification of Pass-Through Contracts--This case implements
section 802 of the NDAA for FY 2013. Section 802 requires in those
instances where an offeror for a contract, task order, or delivery
order informs the agency pursuant to FAR 52.215-22 of their intention
to award subcontracts for more than 70 percent of the total cost of
work to be performed under the contract, task order, or delivery order,
the contracting officer is required to (1) consider the availability of
alternative contract vehicles and the feasibility of contracting
directly with a subcontractor or subcontractors that will perform the
bulk of the work; (2) make a written determination that the contracting
approach selected is in the best interest of the Government; and (3)
document the basis for such determination. (FAR Case 2013-012)
 Limitation on Allowable Government Contractor Compensation Costs--
This interim rule implements section 702 of the Bipartisan Budget Act
of 2013. In accordance with section 702, the interim rule revises the
allowable cost limit relative to the compensation of contractor and
subcontractor employees. Also, in accordance with section 702, this
interim rule implements the possible exception to this allowable cost
limit for scientists, engineers, or other specialists upon an agency
determination that such exceptions are needed to ensure that the
executive agency has continued access to needed skills and
capabilities. (FAR Case 2014-012)

Regulations Which Promote Ethics and Integrity in Contractor
Performance

Information on Corporate Contractor Performance and Integrity--This
case implements section 852 of the NDAA for FY 2013 (Pub. L. 112-239).
Section 852 requires that the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity
Information System (FAPPIIS) include, to the extent practicable,
identification of any immediate owner or subsidiary, and all
predecessors of an offeror that held a Federal contract or grant within
the last three years. The objective is to provide a more comprehensive
understanding of the performance and integrity of a

[[Page 76671]]

contractor in awarding a Federal contract. (FAR Case 2013-020)
 Trafficking in Persons--This case implements Executive Order 13627,
and title XVII of the NDAA for FY 2013, to strengthen protections
against trafficking in persons in Federal contracts. The case creates a
stronger framework and additional requirements related to awareness,
compliance, and enforcement. Contractors and subcontractors must
disclose to employees the key conditions of employment, starting with
wages and work location. (FAR Case 2013-001)
 Prohibition on Contracting with Corporations with Delinquent Taxes
or a Felony Conviction--This case implements multiple sections of the
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76) to prohibit
using any of the funds appropriated by the Act to enter into a contract
with any corporation with a delinquent Federal tax liability or a
felony conviction. (FAR case 2014-019)
 Prohibition On Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--
This case implements section 733 of Division E of the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76), which prohibits expenditure
of appropriated funds for contracts with a foreign incorporated entity
that is treated as an inverted domestic corporation or any subsidiary
of such entity. The FAR is being updated to (1) revise the methods used
to implement the inverted domestic corporation contracting prohibition;
(2) amend the definition to clarify entities considered to be an
inverted domestic corporation; (3) revise the representation to require
two affirmative yes/no representations with respect to inverted
domestic corporation status; and require a contractor to promptly
inform the contracting officer, in writing, in the event the contractor
becomes either an inverted domestic corporation or a subsidiary of an
inverted domestic corporation during the performance of the contract.
(FAR Case 2014-017)

Regulations Which Promote Accountability and Transparency

Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code--This case requires
the use of CAGE codes, an alpha-numeric identifier used extensively
throughout the Government, for awards valued greater than the
micropurchase threshold. The case also requires identification of the
immediate corporate/organization parent and highest level corporate/
organization parent during contractor registration for Federal
contracts. The goal is to provide for standardization across the
Federal government, and to facilitate data collection as means of
promoting increased traceability and transparency. (FAR Case 2012-014)
 Uniform Procurement Identification--This case requires the use of a
unique identifier for contracting offices and a standard unique
Procurement Instrument Identification Number for transactions. The goal
is to provide for standardization across the Federal government and to
facilitate data tracking and collection. (FAR Case 2012-023)
 Uniform Use of Line Items--This case establishes a requirement for
use of a standardized uniform line item numbering structure in Federal
procurement. This case is one component of the effort to implement
Federal spending data standards in Federal procurement. This effort
will help improve analysis and management decision that can reduce
duplication in Federal spending, reduce costs for recipients of Federal
dollars by reducing variations in standards for reporting and billing
purposes, and provide greater transparency on outcomes of spending.
(FAR Case 2013-014)
 Privacy Training--This case creates a FAR clause to require
contractors that (1) need access to a system of records, (2) handle
personally identifiable information, or (3) design, develop, maintain,
or operate a system of records on behalf of the Government have their
personnel complete privacy training. This addition complies with
subsections (e) (agency requirements) and (m) (Government contractors)
of the Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a). (FAR Case 2010-013)

Regulations That Promote Protection of Government Information and
Systems

Basic Safeguarding of Contractor Information Systems--This case
amends the FAR to implement procedures for safeguarding contractor
information systems that contain information provided by or generated
for the Government. The purpose of these safeguards is to provide the
Government with the necessary assurance that contractors are taking
basic security measures on their information systems containing
Government information. (FAR Case 2011-020)
 Expanded Reporting of Nonconforming Items--This case expands
Government and contractor requirements for reporting of nonconforming
items. A nonconforming item includes items that are likely to result in
failure of the supplies or services, or materially reduces the
usability of the supplies or services for their intended purpose. It is
a partial implementation of section 818 of the NDAA for FY 2012. (FAR
Case 2013-002)
 Higher-Level Contract Quality Requirements--This case clarifies
when to use higher-level quality standards in solicitations and
contracts. The rule also updates the examples of higher-level quality
standards by removing obsolete standards and adding new industry
standards that pertain to quality assurance for avoidance of
counterfeit items. (FAR Case 2012-032)

Regulations Which Promote Fair Labor Practices

Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces--This rule implements Executive Order
13673, Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces, seeks to increase efficiency in
the work performed by Federal contractors by ensuring that they
understand and comply with labor laws designed to promote safe,
healthy, fair and effective workplaces. (FAR Case 2014-025)
 Minimum wage for contractors--This rule implements Executive Order
13658, Establishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors, requires agencies,
to the extent permitted by law, to include a clause in new
solicitations and resultant contract specifying, as a condition of
payment, that the minimum wage to be paid to workers, in the
performance of the contract or any subcontract there under, shall be at
least $10.10 per hour beginning January 1, 2015.
 Equal Employment and Affirmative Action for Veterans and
Individuals with Disabilities--This rule implements DOL regulations at
41 CFR 60-250 and 60-300 designed to promote equal opportunity for
veterans and individuals with disabilities. (FAR case 2014-013)

Regulations That Promote Environmental Goals

EPEAT Items--This case expands the Federal requirement to procure
EPEAT[supreg]-registered products beyond personal computer products to
cover imaging equipment (i.e., copiers, digital duplicators, facsimile
machines, mailing machines, multifunction devices, printers, and
scanners) and televisions and modify the existing FAR requirements to
recognize the revised standard applicable to computer products. (FAR
Case 2013-016)
 High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons-- This case
implements the President's Climate Action Plan by setting forth
policies and procedures for the acquisition of items that contain, use,
or are manufactured with ozone-depleting substances; or contain or use
high global warming potential hydrofluorocarbons.

[[Page 76672]]

Contractors shall refer to EPA's Significant New Alternatives Policy
(SNAP) program (available at http://www.epa.gov/ozone/snap) which has
additional information and a list of alternatives to ozone-depleting
substances and lower global warming hydrofluorocarbons. (FAR Case 2014-
026)

Dated: September 19, 2014
Jeffrey A. Koses,
Senior Procurement Executive/Deputy CAO, Office of Acquisition Policy,
U.S. General Services Administration.
[FR Doc. 2014-28927 Filed 12-19-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 6820-EP-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Collins, King Announce $20 Million in Low-Interest Loans for Rural
Maine Communities

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced today that CEI in
Brunswick has received a direct loan of $20 million as a Re-Lender through USDA
Rural Development's Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program. As a
Re-Lender, CEI will use the loan to distribute fixed interest rate loans to
purchase, construct, or improve community facilities, such as libraries or
senior centers, in high-poverty, rural communities.





 "Community centers are the focal point of many towns across Maine, providing
members of the community with essential services and the opportunity to connect
with fellow residents," said Senators Collins and King in a joint statement. "We
are pleased that this low-interest loan will allow rural towns throughout Maine
to develop community centers and enhance citizens' quality of life."



 The Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program provides affordable
funding to develop community facilities in rural areas. Examples of eligible
community facilities include:



     Educational services such as libraries, museums, or private schools

     Community support services such as senior centers, child care centers,
community centers, fairgrounds, or transitional housing

     Health care facilities such as hospitals, medical clinics, dental clinics,
nursing homes, or assisted living facilities

     Public facilities such as town halls, courthouses, airport hangars, or
street improvements

     Public safety services such as fire departments, police stations, prisons,
police vehicles, fire trucks, public works vehicles, or equipment

     Utility services such as telemedicine or distance learning equipment

     Local food systems such as community gardens, food pantries, community
kitchens, food banks, food hubs, or greenhouses



 CEI (Coastal Enterprises, Inc.) is a private, nonprofit Community Development
Corporation and Community Development Financial Institution founded in 1977. The
organization specializes in rural economic development in Maine and the United
States. CEI's rural lending maintains a focus on natural resources-based
industries and includes community facilities (including health care, child care,
arts, and social services), affordable housing, renewable energy and
microlending. Of the current $39.1 million loan portfolio, $26.9 million, or
68%, is rural.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Collins, King Announce $20 Million in Low-Interest Loans for Rural
Maine Communities

LENGTH: 421  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced today that CEI in
Brunswick has received a direct loan of $20 million as a Re-Lender through USDA
Rural Development's Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program. As a
Re-Lender, CEI will use the loan to distribute low fixed interest rate loans to
purchase, construct, or improve community facilities, such as libraries or
senior centers, in high-poverty, rural communities.





 "Community centers are the focal point of many towns across Maine, providing
members of the community with essential services and the opportunity to connect
with fellow residents," said Senators Collins and King in a joint statement. "We
are pleased that this low-interest loan will allow rural towns throughout Maine
to develop community centers and enhance citizens' quality of life."



 The Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program provides affordable
funding to develop community facilities in rural areas. Examples of eligible
community facilities include:



     Educational services such as libraries, museums, or private schools

     Community support services such as senior centers, child care centers,
community centers, fairgrounds, or transitional housing

     Health care facilities such as hospitals, medical clinics, dental clinics,
nursing homes, or assisted living facilities

     Public facilities such as town halls, courthouses, airport hangars, or
street improvements

     Public safety services such as fire departments, police stations, prisons,
police vehicles, fire trucks, public works vehicles, or equipment

     Utility services such as telemedicine or distance learning equipment

     Local food systems such as community gardens, food pantries, community
kitchens, food banks, food hubs, or greenhouses



 CEI (Coastal Enterprises, Inc.) is a private, nonprofit Community Development
Corporation and Community Development Financial Institution founded in 1977. The
organization specializes in rural economic development in Maine and the United
States. CEI's rural lending maintains a focus on natural resources-based
industries and includes community facilities (including health care, child care,
arts, and social services), affordable housing, renewable energy and
microlending. Of the current $39.1 million loan portfolio, $26.9 million, or
68%, is rural



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Washington: Griffith Announces Emory & Henry to Receive $51 Million in USDA
Funding for Campus Improvements

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Morgan Griffith has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) today announced that Emory & Henry College
has been approved for a $46 million low-interest direct loan and a $5 million
guaranteed third-party loan by U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development, allowing the school to fund campus improvement projects including
the development of new apartment-style residence halls for upper class students.





 "I am pleased that Emory & Henry has secured affordable funding from USDA Rural
Development to help improve its campus for its students, and applaud the efforts
of those who worked to secure it," said Griffith.  "This program, the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant Program, is essential for
institutions of higher learning, like Emory & Henry, to expand and develop their
footprint in rural America."



 Campus improvement projects that the funds will help finance include the
development of new apartment-style residence halls for upper class students. The
Village will feature 206 beds in eight residence halls, including six
apartment-style townhouses. The new living community will also include a
community center featuring a workout room, relaxation areas and collaborative
meeting space for the 300-plus students who live in that neighborhood of the
main campus.



 "This partnership with the USDA is a major step forward in the development of a
true 21st century living and learning environment at Emory & Henry," said Jake
B. Schrum, Emory & Henry College President.



 "Our partnerships with institutions of higher education in Virginia are
essential in improving the economy and quality of life in the state," said
Janice Stroud-Bickes, Acting Virginia State Director, USDA Rural Development.
"Through this low-interest loan for Emory & Henry and others like it across the
state, USDA Rural Development enables some of our most important community
organizations to make affordable facility improvements and to build upon the
progress they've already sparked. Partnerships like this one help set our young
people on direct paths to being leaders in Virginia and in the world."



 Funding announced today is made available through the USDA Rural Development
Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant Program, which provides affordable
funding to develop essential community facilities in rural areas. Funds can be
used to purchase, construct, and/or improve community facilities; purchase
equipment; and pay related project expenses.



 So far in fiscal year 2016, USDA Rural Development Virginia has invested in
more than 70 community facilities projects that utilized more than $80 million
in loans and grants.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Washington: Griffith Announces Emory & Henry to Receive $51 Million in USDA
Funding for Campus Improvements

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Morgan Griffith has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) today announced that Emory & Henry College
has been approved for a $46 million low-interest direct loan and a $5 million
guaranteed third-party loan by U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development, allowing the school to fund campus improvement projects including
the development of new apartment-style residence halls for upper class students.





 "I am pleased that Emory & Henry has secured affordable funding from USDA Rural
Development to help improve its campus for its students, and applaud the efforts
of those who worked to secure it," said Griffith.  "This program, the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant Program, is essential for
institutions of higher learning, like Emory & Henry, to expand and develop their
footprint in rural America."



 Campus improvement projects that the funds will help finance include the
development of new apartment-style residence halls for upper class students. The
Village will feature 206 beds in eight residence halls, including six
apartment-style townhouses. The new living community will also include a
community center featuring a workout room, relaxation areas and collaborative
meeting space for the 300-plus students who live in that neighborhood of the
main campus.



 "This partnership with the USDA is a major step forward in the development of a
true 21st century living and learning environment at Emory & Henry," said Jake
B. Schrum, Emory & Henry College President.



 "Our partnerships with institutions of higher education in Virginia are
essential in improving the economy and quality of life in the state," said
Janice Stroud-Bickes, Acting Virginia State Director, USDA Rural Development.
"Through this low-interest loan for Emory & Henry and others like it across the
state, USDA Rural Development enables some of our most important community
organizations to make affordable facility improvements and to build upon the
progress they've already sparked. Partnerships like this one help set our young
people on direct paths to being leaders in Virginia and in the world."



 Funding announced today is made available through the USDA Rural Development
Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant Program, which provides affordable
funding to develop essential community facilities in rural areas. Funds can be
used to purchase, construct, and/or improve community facilities; purchase
equipment; and pay related project expenses.



 So far in fiscal year 2016, USDA Rural Development Virginia has invested in
more than 70 community facilities projects that utilized more than $80 million
in loans and grants.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 27 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2010 The University of Montana School of Law
                               Montana Law Review

                                  Winter, 2010

                               Montana Law Review

                               71 Mont. L. Rev. 1

LENGTH: 51342 words

ARTICLE: SPATIAL INEQUALITY AS CONSTITUTIONAL INFIRMITY: EQUAL PROTECTION, CHILD
POVERTY AND PLACE

NAME: Lisa R. Pruitt*

BIO: * Professor of Law, University of California, Davis, School of Law. Thanks
to the marvelous team of research assistants who helped with this project,
working under short deadlines: Nathalie S. Skibine, Jennifer Masoodi, Justin
Kochan, Marta Vanegas, Jennifer Ward, Karli Bobus, and Adam Lunceford. Cindy L.
Dole, Michelle Hugard, and Rachel Ray provided editorial assistance. Janet L.
Wallace and Yooli Choi deserve special mention for the many roles they played,
including those of data masters. Thanks to Alan Brownstein, Lisa Cimbaluk, Beth
A. Colgan, Margaret Z. Johns, Courtney G. Joslin, Paul Lachapelle, Carlton
Larson, Hari Osofsky, and Kenneth Weaver for helpful conversations and
thoughtful comments on earlier drafts. Dan Simmons, Shannon W. McCormack and
Sheila Pruitt generously consulted on local taxation issues. The staff of the
Montana Law Review and many participants in the live Browning Symposium on rural
law provided indispensable local insights. Xong Vang managed the manuscript
marvelously through many rounds of revisions. She and Nina Bell produced the
graphs and tables. Julie A. Young produced the maps. Erin Murphy was, as usual,
librarian extraordinaire. Any remaining errors are mine. For citation, reference
or distribution, contact lrpruitt@ ucdavis.edu.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... These include Yellowstone County, home to Billings, the state's largest
city; fast-growing Gallatin County, which exemplifies rural gentrification and
the rural resort phenomenon; Stillwater County, a sparsely populated
nonmetropolitan county with significant mineral wealth; Big Horn County, a
persistent poverty county with a majority American Indian population; and
Wheatland County, a tiny county with a dwindling population and an
agriculture-based economy.  ... Part IV details spatial inequalities among
Montana's children, with reference to various measures of well-being (e.g.,
poverty rate, household income, education level), social and healthcare
services, and the condition of Montana's public schools.  ... Census Bureau data
alongside local fiscal data (e.g., county budgets and tax assessment data) that
is not from the same year.  ... The durability of poverty in particular places,
characterized as "persistent poverty," also reveals poverty's power and
influence.  ... Additionally, federal funds flow to Montana - as they do to
other states - pursuant to programs aimed at providing direct benefits to
low-income residents, with some emphasis on families and children.  ... A closer
look at five Montana counties illustrates the extent to which uneven development
across the State results in spatial inequality in the delivery of government
services.  ... The State Department of Public Health and Human Services sends a
representative to Wheatland County every Monday to provide assistance with
public benefit programs such as TANF, Medicaid, and SNAP.  ... Because of the
relatively low degree of centralization in the funding of Montana's county
governments, Wheatland and Big Horn counties are among those with less ability
to deliver necessary services to a population who are in even greater need of
them.  ... Read in concert with the individual Dignity Clause and Professor
Klug's assertion that certain core socio-economic rights are inherent to the
concept of dignity, the doctrine of parens patriae can and should be used to
establish the State's affirmative duty to provide for children's most basic
needs.  ... A majority in Rodriguez held that children whose schools received
less funding because of a school finance scheme that relied heavily on local
property tax revenue - essentially children living in poor neighborhoods - were
not in such a position.  ... This disparity was due to a heavy reliance on
property taxes in the State's system for financing public education, a reliance
which meant that students residing in school districts with low property tax
bases did not have educational opportunities on par with those residing in
wealthier districts that had more substantial property tax bases.

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract

 This is the first in a series of articles that maps legal conceptions of
(in)equality onto the socio-geographical concept of spatial inequality, with a
view to generating legal remedies for those living in places marked by
socioeconomic disadvantage. In particular, this article considers whether the
funding and delivery of government services at the county level in the state of
Montana violate the state's constitution because of the grossly disparate
abilities among Montana counties to finance and provide services. Pruitt's
analysis focuses on children as a particularly vulnerable and immobile
population, many of whom are deprived of government services based on where they
live. Further, it scrutinizes the provision of health and human services as a
category of services to which Montana children experience great variations in
access.

   County governments in Montana are financed principally by local property tax
revenue. Uneven development across the state, from one county to the next,
consequently confers on individual counties vastly different capacities to
provide services. Because of the lack of centralized funding for services such
as public health and other human services, those who live in sparsely populated,
relatively undeveloped and property-poor counties are least served by local
government. At the same time, wealthy counties - which tend to be more populous
- have economies that are more diversified, property tax bases that are more
substantial, and a correspondingly greater capacity to deliver services. More
densely populated counties also face lower per capita costs for delivering
services because they are better able to achieve economies of scale.

   To illustrate these disparities, Pruitt discusses in detail the economic and
demographic profiles of five Montana counties. These include Yellowstone County,
home to Billings, the state's largest city; fast-growing Gallatin County, which
exemplifies rural gentrification and the rural resort phenomenon; Stillwater
County, a sparsely populated nonmetropolitan county with significant mineral
wealth; Big Horn County, a persistent poverty county with a majority American
Indian population; and Wheatland County, a tiny county with a dwindling
population and an agriculture-based economy.

   The legal critique of this spatially and economically uneven landscape relies
primarily on the 1972 Montana Constitution, which is among the most progressive
state constitutions in the nation. In particular, Pruitt argues that the
Constitution's Equal Protection and Dignity Clauses are violated by the county
government funding scheme and its consequences. The Montana Equal Protection
Clause forbids discrimination based on "race, color, sex, culture, social origin
or condition, or political or religious ideas." Pruitt maintains that
significant disparities in service provision, which occur arbitrarily across
county lines, violate this equality guarantee. Pruitt's second argument is for
state provision of a minimal degree of services to children. Relying on the
Constitution's Dignity Clause and the doctrine of parens patriae, Pruitt argues
that children cannot live with dignity unless their fundamental needs are met.
She asserts that the typical emphasis on autonomy with respect to the dignity
right is misplaced with regard to children. For the child population, Pruitt
maintains that a right to dignity should be grounded instead in their inherent
dependency and vulnerability, thus imposing a duty on the state to provide
children's first-order needs when their parents cannot or do not do so. In
addition to this analysis under the Montana Constitution, the article also
challenges the orthodoxy of U.S. constitutional jurisprudence regarding poor
people, public benefits, and equal protection.

   Finally, Pruitt argues that Montana's school funding scheme, which has been
the subject of recent litigation, now represents a better model, though still an
imperfect one, for financing public services. This is because the school funding
formula seeks to level the funding playing field by providing more state monies,
along with federal funds that are somewhat similarly allocated, to school
districts based on the rurality and/or the presence of students who are at risk
based on poverty or ethnicity. School districts with the highest percentages of
at-risk students tend also to be the school districts with poorer property tax
bases. By contrast, the scheme for financing county government results in a
situation in which more affluent counties are better able to provide services to
residents, while those living in the most rural and property-poor counties have
access only to very limited health and human services. This finance scheme thus
aggravates and further entrenches spatial inequalities, an outcome that is in
contrast to the school funding formula, which aims to achieve greater
substantive equality by channeling money to the schools with the greatest need.

   While this article analyzes spatial inequality in the context of a specific
state and with respect to a particular type of government service, the capacity
and significance of spatial inequality in relation to legal equality guarantees
is not so limited. The services that governments deliver implicate a wide range
of rights, which may be violated if the services are not provided in an
equitable manner. Pruitt thus calls for all branches and scales of government to
be more attentive to the difference place makes in the delivery of services, to
ensure even and fair access.


TEXT:
 [*4]  Thoughts of Montana - the "last best place" n1 - have long evoked images
of natural, scenic beauty, of the "grandeur of . . . mountains and the [*5]
vastness of ... plains," as stated in the Preamble to the Montana Constitution.
n2 More recently, thoughts of Montana also bring to mind rural resorts and the
super-rich. n3 Indeed, as the State's residents well know, Montana is a place of
contrasts: big sky and small towns, dramatic glaciers and flat, open grasslands.
n4 Other contrasts are demographic and economic. While parts of Montana have
experienced rural gentrification n5 in recent decades, and many highly affluent
persons have second residences there, Montana is also home to abject poverty.
More than 130,000 Montana residents (14% of the population) live in poverty. n6
Among these are about 40,000 impoverished children. n7

   Montana is the fourth largest state in the nation, with a territory exceeding
147,000 square miles. n8 With fewer than a million residents, n9 it is also one
of the least densely populated. Only two states (Alaska and Wyoming) have lower
population densities. n10 Forty-six of Montana's 56 counties are
nonmetropolitan, n11 and these counties are home to about 65% of the State's
population. n12 Just over half of Montana's residents live in rural  [*6]
places, n13 while 67% of its children do. n14 With an average of just over six
residents per square mile, n15 Montana's population sparseness creates both
economic and spatial challenges. State and local government entities face
considerable obstacles as they seek to provide a wide range of services (e.g.,
education, health care, roads, and public safety) in rural areas, where
economies of scale are difficult to achieve.

   At the same time, Montana's 1972 Constitution makes big commitments to the
State's residents. It is one of the most wide-ranging and progressive state
constitutions in that it goes beyond standard constitutional fare such as equal
protection, n16 free speech, n17 and an array of guarantees related to the
criminal justice system. n18 In addition to these civil and political rights,
the Montana Constitution guarantees, for example, the right "of pursuing life's
basic necessities," n19 the right to "individual privacy," n20 the right to
dignity, n21 and the "right to a clean and healthful environment." n22

   This article considers the potential of the Montana Constitution to address
spatial inequalities among Montanans, particularly as those inequalities affect
the State's children. Part II explains the concept of spatial inequality:
looking at who gets what in relation to where they live. I also begin there the
work of mapping constitutional conceptions of (in)equality  [*7]  onto spatial
inequality. Part III provides a broad overview of poverty and its measures,
including U.S. data related to child poverty in particular. Part IV details
spatial inequalities among Montana's children, with reference to various
measures of well-being (e.g., poverty rate, household income, education level),
social and healthcare services, and the condition of Montana's public schools.
In addition, Part IV details Montana's county government funding scheme, which
creates and/or exacerbates some of these spatial inequalities. In order to
further illustrate inequalities across Montana, Part IV also provides detailed
snapshots of five counties that represent the State's demographic and economic
variety.

   Part V turns to a discussion of how law might be used to level the playing
field for Montana's children or, at a minimum, to ensure that the basic needs of
all Montana children are adequately met. A right to public benefits has not been
recognized under the U.S. Constitution, and federal equal protection arguments
have rarely succeeded in striking down funding disparities among schools - a
context in which they have often been made. n23 This article thus looks
primarily to the Montana Constitution to provide a basis for redressing the
serious spatial inequalities evident across the State's counties and for
ensuring that the essential needs of all children are met. Part V also considers
the Montana Constitution's Dignity Clause in relation to the doctrine of parens
patriae and its potential - as yet unrecognized by courts - to provide a legal
basis for protecting children from poverty and its consequences. While I argue
that the Montana Constitution provides a more appropriate legal basis for
remedying the injustices identified, I nevertheless also briefly consider the
impact of spatial inequality on minors in light of the U.S. Constitution.

   Part VI holds up Montana's public school funding system as an example of a
more equitable scheme for funding county government and the services it provides
on behalf of the state and federal government. Montana's school finance
mechanism, which benefits from considerable federal monies that flow into the
State for that purpose, takes account of socioeconomic disadvantage and American
Indian status as bases of stratification. It also takes into account rural
spatiality and the challenges facing small  [*8]  schools, which are unable to
achieve economies of scale. The public school funding system is therefore a
better, more substantively equitable model than the current system for funding
county governments and the critical services they provide.

   Part VII offers concluding thoughts about the spatial inequalities revealed
by this analysis of Montana's state and local provision of services. It
summarizes both causes and consequences of the funding disparities. There, I
also discuss what is at stake for Montana - and by extension, the nation - in
eliminating child poverty. Finally, I briefly consider the sort of
place-specific programs that have proven effective at poverty reduction, and I
argue that a multi-scalar strategy represents the best response to this profound
problem. Such a strategy would require a higher degree of centralization at the
state level, as well as greater local use of federal funds that are currently
untapped.

   * * * An explanation of terminology and data sources lays the foundation for
the discussion that follows. The U.S. Government uses two numerical thresholds
to differentiate rural from urban. The U.S. Census Bureau defines "rural" places
as "all territory, population, and housing units located outside of urbanized
areas and urban clusters with a population of 2,500 or less." n24 The Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) uses the terms metropolitan (or "metro") and
nonmetropolitan (or "nonmetro") to refer to a similar dichotomy, with the
designation at the county level. Metro counties are urbanized areas of 50,000 or
more with a total area population of at least 100,000; n25 all other counties
are nonmetro. n26 More people live in "rural" places than in "nonmetro" counties
because the former designation encompasses  [*9]  people living in open
territory or towns with fewer than 2,500 residents - even if these rural places
are within a metro county. n27

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the OMB recognize rural-urban
and metropolitan-nonmetropolitan not only as dichotomies, but also as continua.
n28 The USDA does so with a range that classifies counties on a scale of one to
nine. Classification is based upon the county's total population, the size of
population cluster (or "degree of urbanization") within the county, and the
county's proximity to a metropolitan area. n29 At the most urban end are
metropolitan counties with populations of one million or more, which are
designated "one." At the other end are "completely rural" counties, designated
"nine," meaning they have fewer than 2,500 residents in any given population
cluster and are not adjacent to a metropolitan county. n30 The OMB uses the
label "micropolitan" for counties that fall at the cusp of the metro/nonmetro
divide. Micropolitan counties are nonmetro counties with a population cluster
between 10,000 and 50,000 and a surrounding, economically interdependent
population of 100,000 or more. n31 In this article, I use the word "rural" to
refer to the U.S. Census Bureau definition or to the broader concept of
rurality, and I use the metro/nonmetro terminology when referencing data
reflecting those OMB definitions.

   The population, poverty rate, and other data relied on in this article are
drawn primarily from the U.S. Census. Data is also occasionally taken from
Montana government sources, particularly when they are significantly  [*10]
more recent. Less often, the article relies on data from the reports of
non-profit organizations, which in turn typically rely on government data.
Although data from these various sources are sometimes inconsistent, the
differences are rarely significant. n32

   While the most recent decennial census data is from 2000, the U.S. Census
Bureau issued 2005-2007 American Community Survey (ACS) data for states and more
populous government units. This ACS data reflects 2007 estimates based on
statistical modeling of 2005 numbers. When available, I sometimes reference the
2005-2007 ACS data in lieu of the 2000 data, or in addition to it. Data
unavailability sometimes requires the presentation of U.S. Census Bureau data
alongside local fiscal data (e.g., county budgets and tax assessment data) that
is not from the same year. The imperfect data match is aggravated by the fact
that county fiscal data is also reported for fiscal years that run from July to
June, while Census Bureau data is for calendar years. Nevertheless, this minor
mismatch does not seriously undermine the reliability of the analysis because
available records indicate that economic, demographic, and fiscal changes are
rarely significant from year to year.

   II. Spatial Inequality as Legal Construct

   A. Spatial Inequality and Uneven Development

 Just as inequality has long been a subject of legal analysis and scrutiny, so
it has also been a topic of sociological inquiry. n33 The notion of inequality
in relation to space has recently sparked a new generation of cross-disciplinary
research. With the introduction of spatial or geographic concepts, the core
question has shifted from "who gets what" to "who gets what where?" n34

    [*11]  Rural sociologist Linda M. Lobao defines spatial inequality as "place
stratification or inequality within and between territorial units." n35
Sub-national spatial inequality may be assessed across states, counties, or even
census blocks as units. n36 It may also be considered across the rural-urban
divide. n37 A closely related concept to spatial inequality is that of uneven
development, which describes the variation in degree and type of development
from place to place. n38 Certainly the rural-urban continuum might be thought of
as parallel to the spectrum between undeveloped and highly developed/urbanized.

   In analyzing the variable access to resources and opportunities that results
from uneven development, the study of spatial inequality accommodates - even
invites - examination of geographic space as it intersects with race, ethnicity,
class, gender, age, sexuality, and other markers of stratification. n39 Indeed,
various strands of U.S. civil rights law acknowledge the problem of spatial
segregation of minority groups and seek to redress it. The U.S. Supreme Court
decision in Brown v. Board of Education is probably the best known example of
this. n40

   Spatial inequality analysis is grounded in the understanding that particular
locales are effectively containers for social, political, economic, and  [*12]
legal action. n41 Such containers - or scales - include the household,
neighborhood, school district, tribal reservation, city, region, state, nation,
and, at the highest scale, the world. Such scales may be "stacked, overlapped,
or nested," functioning as both the cause and effect of inequality. n42 Just as
households are nested in school districts, towns, cities, reservations, and open
space, local government units are embedded within the State. The State, in turn,
is nested within the nation and the globe, with political, economic, legal, and
social actors at all levels influencing status and opportunity.

   B. The Impact of Devolution

 Devolution, the shifting of governmental responsibility from the federal to the
state level, is one reason that location dictates resources and opportunity. n43
Mildred Warner and Lisa Cimbaluk argue that higher levels of government are
better able to address spatial inequality. They cite the historic failures of
state and local governments to protect civil liberties, seeing the federal
government's breadth as instrumental in smoothing out spatial inequalities. n44

    [*13]  Through devolution, however, spatial inequality has increasingly
become the problem of states. n45 At least one empirical study concluded that
states are capable of adequate redistribution if the level of state aid is
sufficiently high. n46 Yet many states have responded to devolution with further
devolution, that is, by delegating many responsibilities to still lower levels
of government. n47 This increasingly leaves municipal and county governments to
provide for their citizens, though they are often limited in their ability to do
so and are particularly ill suited to doing so in a redistributive fashion. n48

   Further, the capacity of local governments to manage the increased
responsibility resulting from devolution is unevenly distributed around the
nation, and rural areas face particular struggles in this regard. n49 This is
because the fiscal capacity of a local government to generate tax revenue is
indicated by the per capita income of residents, n50 and residents of remote
rural places tend to have lower incomes, higher unemployment rates, and a  [*14]
greater reliance on income transfers. n51 Local government struggles thus stem,
in part, from an absence of development, n52 and a consequent lack of private
wealth in particular places, which translates into small public coffers. n53
Difficulties in achieving economies of scale to serve spatially dispersed
populations aggravate these challenges. n54

   C. Inequality as a Legal Construct

 While the U.S. Constitution protects the rights of individuals, equal
protection doctrine (whether at the federal or state level) is often based on an
individual's membership in a protected class, e.g., race, ethnic group, or
national origin. n55 That is, the Constitution seeks to guarantee that
individuals are not discriminated against on the basis of their membership in
one of these groups. Rather than looking at inequality in relation to a
characteristic such as gender or race, my analysis considers inequality across
space and among particular places. I examine advantage and disadvantage in
relation to state provision of services based on place of residence. n56 In
doing  [*15]  so, I begin an exploration of how differing conceptions of
inequality, as spatial and legal constructs, might be brought together to
provide remedies to those whom government under-serves based on geography or
place.

   The following Part details the spatial inequalities experienced by a
population whose lives are greatly influenced by space and place: rural
residents. n57 Various features of rural living aggravate the physical, and even
psychological, vulnerability of rural residents. n58 The particular focus here
is on children, a population who are even more vulnerable on the basis of age.

   III. Child Poverty and the Rural-Urban Axis

 The lives and welfare of rural people are the subjects of less scholarly and
media attention than those of their urban counterparts. This oversight may be
due in part to positive associations with rural settings. n59 This neglect may
also be because the spatial isolation that marks rural living often conceals
rural poverty, as does our nation's increasing metrocentrism. n60 Nevertheless,
economic distress n61 and social problems are prevalent in rural  [*16]  life,
n62 though they are typically manifest somewhat differently than in urban
places. n63 The following sections provide an overview of the ways poverty is
measured, followed by detailed information about the spatiality of child poverty
in the United States.

   A. Measuring Poverty

 The U.S. government assesses poverty at the scale of both the individual and
the family unit. n64 It sets the so-called poverty line by considering the
income that is sufficient to purchase basic food, shelter, clothing, and other
essential goods and services. The 2007 poverty level for a family of four was $
21,203, n65 while the poverty level for an individual was $ 10,590. n66

   A county-level poverty rate alone does not reveal the severity,
concentration, or durability of poverty in a particular locale. n67 The federal
government  [*17]  thus uses several measures and designations to track poverty,
including its spatial concentration, its depth, and its persistence over time in
a particular place. Concentrations of poor people magnify the effects of poverty
due to the associated absence of infrastructure to support their needs. n68 The
durability of poverty in particular places, characterized as "persistent
poverty," also reveals poverty's power and influence. n69 The following sections
discuss these and other poverty metrics.

   1. Poverty Concentration

 Demographers, economists, and sociologists often reference poverty
concentration, with most government analysis done at the county level. n70 To
some extent this county-level data reveals the degree to which the poor are
spatially separated from the non-poor - that is, the extent to which they live
in what is effectively a node of poverty. The degree of spatial separation
between the poor and the non-poor is significant because the greater the
separation, the more limited the exposure to the "cultural and economic
mainstream of society." n71 Because nonmetro residents are more likely than
their metro counterparts to live in high-poverty counties, n72 the rural poor
tend to be spatially marginalized just as they are also socially marginalized.
This is similar, of course, to the spatial marginality that many communities of
color experience. n73

   Some recent analyses look beyond county-level data to consider poverty
concentration at the neighborhood level. One such study found that most poor
areas at the sub-county level were effectively concealed within otherwise
low-poverty counties. n74 The study revealed that "half of all rural poor are
segregated in high poverty areas," while rates of concentration are  [*18]  even
greater for rural minorities. n75 This article nevertheless, looks at
county-level data because it is the scale at which many state services are
funded and delivered. n76

   Concentration of poverty is highly significant because opportunities for
upward mobility are more limited in economically distressed places, where
poverty is more often intergenerational. n77 Residents of such places are less
mobile; they are effectively "trapped in place." n78 Professors Daniel Lichter
and Domenico Parisi characterize such communities as frequently "lacking
adequate institutional support services (e.g., health care and educational
programs), good jobs that pay a living wage, and a stable middle-class
population that provides role models and active networks to job opportunities."
n79 In short, they are without the sort of opportunities that foster positive
human or community development, and they thus require more intensive effort and
investment to break the cycle of poverty. n80 Again, these challenges bear
similarities to those associated with racial segregation. n81

   2. High Poverty

 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Economic Reporting Service
characterizes a poverty rate of 20% or more as "high poverty." n82  [*19]
Between the 1990 and 2000 censuses, the number of high poverty counties dropped
precipitously, from 852 to 494. n83 Of the counties that remain high poverty,
85% are nonmetro. n84 Among these high-poverty nonmetro counties, over 80 have
poverty rates greater than 30%, and twelve have poverty rates greater than 40%.
n85

   3. Deep Poverty

 Depth of poverty is a measure that essentially demarcates the "poorest of the
poor." n86 This metric reflects the "poor's average difference from either the
median of income or the threshold of poverty." n87 It thus indicates how far
people have fallen into poverty.

   As used by the United States Government, depth of poverty references income
as a fraction of the base poverty level. n88 In 2006, almost 39 million
Americans (13%) lived below the federal poverty line. n89 Nearly 17 million of
them (6%) lived on less than half of the amount that demarcates the federal
poverty line, n90 the threshold at which the U.S. government designates "deep
poverty." n91 The State of Montana, on the other hand,  [*20]  characterizes as
"very low income," any family whose income is under $ 15,000. n92

   4. Persistent Poverty

 The term "persistent poverty" applies to counties where the poverty rate has
been 20% or higher in each of the last four decennial censuses. n93 Persistent
poverty counties are characterized by "substandard social service systems and
ineffective political leadership," along with "extreme income inequality
grounded in class difference." n94 Currently, 12% of United States counties are
designated persistently poor. n95 Ninety percent of them are nonmetro, and they
are home to 4% of the nation's population. n96 The data regarding children
living in persistent poverty is more sobering still. In 730 counties - 82% of
them nonmetro - the last four decennial censuses have shown more than 20% of
children living below the poverty line. n97

   Minority populations are much more likely than non-Hispanic whites to live in
persistent poverty counties. n98 More than half of all nonmetro American Indians
and blacks who live below the poverty line reside in persistent poverty
counties. n99 In these persistent poverty counties, many incomes that are above
the poverty level are only marginally so. Less than half of those living in
persistent poverty counties have incomes that are at least twice the poverty
threshold, whereas 66% of those in all other nonmetropolitan counties have
incomes at that level. n100

[*21]

   B. Spatial Inequality as Reflected in Child Poverty

 Child poverty is a profound problem in the United States, with rates for minors
in poverty typically exceeding those for the general population. n101
Nationally, 18.3% of children live in poverty. n102 As with poverty rates across
all age groups, rates of child poverty in nonmetropolitan counties have long
exceeded those in metropolitan counties. n103 In 2003, 2.7 million rural
children were living in poverty, and they comprised more than a third of the
total rural poor. n104

   Child poverty tends to increase with the degree of rurality so that the least
rural counties, often adjacent to metropolitan counties, n105 experience lower
poverty rates than those which are more rural. n106 For example, in 2000, the
poverty rate for children in completely rural counties was 22%. n107 That rate
was 9% higher than the child poverty rate in suburban communities, n108 and it
was close to the rate of child poverty in urban communities. n109 The child
poverty rate declined between 1990 and 2000, with the most rural communities
experiencing the greatest drops. n110 Nevertheless, as of 2000, 750
nonmetropolitan counties still had child poverty rates of 21% or higher. n111

   Among the estimated 2.25 million nonmetropolitan children living in poverty
in the U.S. in 2005, n112 56% were living in high poverty counties. n113  [*22]
Among the nonmetro children living in persistently poor counties, one-third were
poor, which was approximately twice the rate for all children. n114 In addition,
nonmetro poor children were disproportionately exposed to very high
concentrations of poverty: almost 8% of them resided in counties where the
poverty rate exceeded 40%. n115

   C. The Consequences of Child Poverty

 The myriad consequences of child poverty include hunger and poor nutrition, as
well as inferior health and education outcomes. n116 In 2008, 17.1 million
households were "food insecure," with 16.7 million children living in such
households. n117 Of these, 5.2 million children lived in households with "very
low food insecurity." n118 These USDA designations are essentially euphemisms
for hunger. n119 Even when poor children do not go hungry, they are less likely
than other children to be well-nourished in the sense of having access to
healthy food. n120

   Poor children are more likely than those who are not poor to experience
delayed medical care, to have no usual place of health care, and to make high
use of emergency room services. n121 In 2001, 22% of the 9.2 million children
without health insurance lived in nonmetro places. n122 Specialized  [*23]  care
and mental health services are in particularly short supply in rural locales.

   Like adequate nutrition and health care, early childhood development is
critical to later functioning. n123 Yet children in poverty are less likely to
develop cognitive and academic skills. n124 A child who enters kindergarten
significantly lacking school readiness skills is unlikely to close the
consequent readiness gap, n125 even if the child is later lifted out of poverty.
n126 Early childhood education that is of poor quality is also associated with
higher rates of juvenile delinquency and arrest. n127

   IV. The Montana Situation: Spatial Inequality under the Big Sky

 More than 18% of Montana children live in poverty, n128 and 1.7% reside in
persistent poverty counties. n129 The rate of poverty for children under five is
higher still, at 19%. n130 While these rates are similar to national  [*24]
rates of child poverty, n131 Montana differs from the national profile in that
its urban child poverty rate is lower than its rural rate. In rural parts of
Montana, 20.4% of children live below the poverty line, compared with 11.4% of
suburban children and 17% of urban children. n132 Nationally, the rates for each
of these categories of places are 21.9% (rural), 12.9% (suburban), and 24.6%
(urban). n133

   This greater incidence of rural child poverty is not surprising given that
Montana is a rural state by many measures. n134 Montana has only four
metropolitan counties (Missoula, Cascade, Carbon, and Yellowstone), and six
micropolitan n135 counties (Flathead, Lewis & Clark, Jefferson, Silver Bow,
Gallatin, and Hill). n136 The State's largest city is Billings, with a 2005
population of about 95,000. n137 The remaining 46 counties are nonmetro, and 12
are high-poverty counties. n138 Most of these high-poverty counties are very
rural, scoring eight or nine on the urban-to-rural continuum that runs from one
to nine. n139 Roosevelt County had the highest poverty rate among Montana
counties in 2007, at 30.3%. n140 Three Montana counties, all nonmetropolitan,
n141 share the persistent poverty designation: n142 Big Horn, Glacier, and
Blaine. Map 1 depicts the poverty rate for each Montana County.

   Like poverty rates for the general population, child poverty rates in Montana
fluctuate dramatically from county to county. This is depicted in [*25]  Map 1:
County-Level Poverty in Montana (2007)

 [SEE MAP 1 IN ORIGINAL]


 Map 2, which also shows the rural-urban continuum code for each county. In
2007, more than 30% of children were living in poverty in each of eight Montana
counties; in one of these, the rate was greater than 40%. n143 These include the
only three Montana counties that have majority Native American populations: n144
Roosevelt County with 41.7% of children in poverty, Big Horn County with 34%,
and Glacier County with 34%. n145

   In 2007, twelve Montana counties either matched the national child poverty
rate of 18.3% n146 or had a smaller percentage of children living in poverty.
n147 Ten of these are nonmetropolitan counties, including those with the State's
very lowest rates of child poverty: Gallatin (11.5%) and Stillwater  [*26]  Map
2: County-Level Child Poverty in Montana (2007)

 [SEE MAP 2 IN ORIGINAL]

 (11.1%). n148 The reasons for these counties' affluence are discussed in
greater detail below. n149

   In 2000, 20.2% of Montana households earned less than $ 15,000 per year, n150
which means they are classified as extremely low income households. n151 When
tracked by county, the percentage of extremely low income households in Montana
ranged from 14.2% to 33.9%. n152 Six of the seven counties with the highest
rates of extremely low income households are among Montana's 12 rural,
high-poverty counties. n153 Among the 10 Montana counties with the lowest rates
of extremely low income households are  [*27]  seven of the State's 10
micropolitan and metropolitan counties. n154 Gallatin County had the lowest
percentage of extremely low income households at 14.2%. n155

   Three other indicators of well-being are food security, quality of child
care, and access to health care. Regarding the first, almost 10% of Montana
households experienced food insecurity n156 between 2004 and 2006. n157 This
figure is below the national average of 11.3%. n158 The percentage of Montana
households experiencing very low food security, however, exceeded the national
average for that period: 4.3% (Montana) n159 compared with 3.9% (nationwide).
n160

   Quality child care is also critical to child well-being, and it lays the
foundation for future performance. Poor quality care is associated with delayed
language and reading skills, n161 lower mathematical ability, poorer cognitive
skills, n162 and behavioral problems, including aggression. n163 Children in
adequate formal care programs perform better academically and socially than
children in informal care situations. n164

   Montana mothers work outside the home at rates commensurate with the national
average, and national data indicate that rural women with children under the age
of six work outside the home at rates higher than urban  [*28]  women. n165 Yet
the Montana child care situation is relatively poor compared to national
metrics. Among Montana children ages three to four, only 39% were enrolled in
nursery school, preschool, or kindergarten in 2006, compared to a national
average of 46%. n166 The maximum annual income eligibility for child care
assistance in Montana for a family of three was $ 22,536 in 2004, a figure that
is just more than half of the State's median household income. n167 Thus,
relatively few families qualify for this public benefit.

   Nationally, 11% of both rural and urban children lack health insurance, n168
a statistic that obscures some rural-urban differences in coverage. n169 When
the data are analyzed according to relative rurality of the county, the rates of
uninsured children in the most rural counties reach 15.2%, compared with 9.9%
uninsured in the most urban counties. n170 In 2007, Montana compared poorly to
other states, ranking 41 out of 50 in health care coverage. n171 Among children
who live in poverty, 29% lacked health insurance, n172 while nearly one-sixth of
all rural children were uninsured. n173 This number is surprisingly low in light
of other metrics, presumably because Montana almost doubled its participants in
the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) between 2002 and 2008.
n174 An additional 20,000 Montana children will also benefit from the federal
expansion  [*29]  of the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and
Medicaid. n175 The program was further bolstered during the 2009 Montana
legislative session, which fully implemented a voter-approved Healthy Montana
Kids program. n176

   A. Race and Ethnicity

 Inequalities associated with race and ethnicity intersect with spatial
inequalities, and each may exacerbate the other. The racial/ethnic minority
groups most associated with Montana are American Indians, who comprise 6.2% of
the State's population. n177 About 65% of the State's American Indians live on
one of seven reservations that lie within Montana's territory: Blackfeet, Crow,
Flathead, Fort Belknap, Fort Peck, Northern Cheyenne, and Rocky Boys. n178
Reservations are rural places by any measure, n179 and 3% of all rural children
are American Indian. n180

   Nationally, "Native American high-poverty" counties have the highest
percentage of people living in deep poverty, with 20% living on an income that
is less than 75% of the poverty line. n181 These counties also have consistently
[*30]  high rates of child poverty. n182 Indeed, several of the greatest spatial
concentrations of poverty in Montana are on reservations or otherwise within
counties that have significant American Indian populations. Half of Montana's 12
nonmetropolitan, high-poverty counties are classified as "Native American high
poverty" counties, n183 while the populations of the other half are
overwhelmingly white. The "Native American high poverty" counties are so
classified because they have either a majority of residents who are American
Indian or because the income levels of American Indian residents push the county
into the high-poverty category. n184 American Indians comprise a majority of two
of Montana's three persistent poverty counties, Big Horn and Glacier, and they
comprise 45% of a third, Blaine County. n185 American Indians are also a
majority of the population in Roosevelt County, n186 which in 2007 had the
State's highest child poverty rate at more than 40% n187

   Six other Montana counties shared the high-poverty designation in the 2000
Census. n188 These are largely white farming and ranching communities in the
central and north central parts of the State, where income historically
fluctuates with commodity prices. n189 According to 2007 Census Bureau
estimates, the overall poverty rates for five of these six counties have  [*31]
dropped below 20%. n190 Nevertheless, the most recent estimates for five of the
six counties show poverty rates for children in excess of 20%, with one county,
Golden Valley, at almost 39%. n191

   B. Funding of Public Services

   1. State and Local Government Funding

 To the extent that any government entity provides the health and human services
most needed and used by Montana children, state and county government units
finance and deliver the services. n192 Because of Montana's rural character,
only a few cities play a significant role in providing services. n193 As a
consequence of devolution, the federal government's role in providing services
has been diminished, n194 although it provides at least partial financing for
programs such as TANF, SNAP, and Medicaid, which are discussed in more detail
below. n195 Programs like these and others are administered by the State, and
many services are delivered through Offices of Public Assistance. n196
Forty-three such offices are scattered  [*32]  throughout the State, n197 with
several serving multiple counties. n198 Further highlighting the challenge of
rural service delivery is the fact that some of these offices are open only by
appointment or only one day each month. n199 In addition, the Child and Family
Services Division (CFSD) of the State's Department of Health and Human Services
is responsible for child protective, foster care, and adoption services. n200
Five regional offices administer services, and forty one counties have
points-of-contact for service delivery. n201

   With regards to health services, state law mandates that each county
establish a Board of Health. n202 The role of the Board is to ensure compliance
with all State and federal regulations pertaining to emergency preparedness,
communicable diseases, sanitation standards of public and private places,
environmental safety standards, and waste disposal. n203 Montana law allows for
some flexibility in the formation of the boards, permitting city-county and
multi-county Boards of Health. n204 Many counties choose to band together to
form "health districts" through which a single Board of Health serves several
counties. n205

   Each Board of Health is charged with hiring a health officer, defined as "a
physician or a person with a master's degree in public health or the  [*33]
equivalent and with appropriate experience." n206 In many counties, the public
health officer is a trained public health nurse, although this individual's role
is often primarily administrative in nature. Any county wishing to provide
direct medical services to its residents - something the health officer
typically does not do - can employ a public health nurse or similar personnel at
its own expense. n207 Additional funding for public health professionals may be
available to counties through federal programs, such as the Supplemental
Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), or through matching
State block grants, such as the Maternal Child Health Program. n208

   In addition to these state services, Montana counties may tax residents to
provide additional services. Under the Montana Code Annotated, counties may levy
taxes for certain purposes, n209 including elementary education equalization and
state funding program support, n210 operating detention facilities, n211
establishing literacy programs, n212 and providing health care facilities. n213
In Montana's Local Government Review, Kenneth Weaver & Judith Mathre observe
that county governments - even in the State's most rural reaches - are
increasingly expected to provide an array of services, including "public safety,
judicial functions, public health programs, social services, land use planning
and regulation, solid waste management, and animal control." n214 They note the
particular importance of the "county's role in providing hospital and ambulance
services, as well as a county rest home for the aged, or assisted living
facility." n215 At the same time, each  [*34]  county also employs up to ten
elected county officials, e.g., sheriff, county attorney, clerk and recorder,
and auditor. n216

   Pursuant to the Montana Code Annotated, each county relinquishes "dedicated
revenue" in exchange for a share in the so-called state general fund. n217 This
is called an "entitlement share," and it is essentially a state revenue sharing
scheme that distributes to the counties a portion of state taxes. n218 Each
county's entitlement share is based on the county's prior year revenue from
various sources, including gambling machine revenues, filing and registration
fees, and certain revenues generated by income from public lands. n219 Thus, any
given county's entitlement share from the State is linked to that county's local
revenue stream pattern, with relatively little variation from year to year. The
entitlement share is thus not a vehicle for significant re-distribution of state
funds.

   Further, the entitlement share is only one part of each county's revenue
stream. Property taxes, which are locally imposed and collected, typically
provide the greatest single source of county revenue. n220 Indeed, property
taxes finance 60-65% of the operating budget by which a county provides
services. n221 Property tax revenue is a function of (1) the taxable value of
[*35]  the property in the county, n222 which is divided by 1000 and expressed
as the "mill value" n223 and (2) the rate at which it is taxed, which in Montana
is referred to as the mill levy. n224 Just as the taxable value of property
varies from county to county, so do the mills levied. n225 In Fiscal Year 2007,
the average mills levied (effectively the tax rate) for both county and
municipal governments was approximately 156 mills, or 15.6%. n226 The taxable
value of the property also varied greatly from county to county, with a 2007
average of $ 35 million (or $ 35,000 if expressed as mill value). n227

   Weaver and Mathre note that low taxable values of property result in low
revenues and a limited capacity for funding local services. n228 This is
particularly so, of course, when the mills levied by the particular county are
also low. Weaver and Mathre provide Rosebud County as an example of a county
with a good industrial base - albeit a single, huge generating facility - that
is heavily taxed, thus enabling the County to provide "relatively advantageous
service delivery programs." n229 They contrast Rosebud County with counties that
have little or no industry, whose residents must consequently pay higher
residential property taxes, while enjoying "minimum essential county services."
n230 Part IV(D) of this article, which compares  [*36]  taxable valuations,
mills levied, and total funds appropriated n231 in five particular counties,
further illustrates the disparate property tax bases among Montana counties.
Also discussed in Part IV(D) is each county's relative ability to provide
services as a function of property tax revenue. n232

   2. Federal Funding

 The federal government controls almost a third of Montana's territory, n233 and
the State and its local government entities consequently receive significant
funds annually from the U.S. government. In 2005, the State received $ 55.3
million pursuant to a range of federal statutory schemes associated with public
lands. n234 Among these are the Mineral Leasing Act and the Secure Rural Schools
and Community Self-Determination Act. n235

    [*37]  The U.S. Department of the Interior pays Montana a significant
portion of the total federal funds it receives pursuant to the Payments in Lieu
of Taxes (PILT) program. Because federal land is exempt from local or state
property taxes, n236 the PILT program aims to offset local governments' losses
in property taxes. PILT does not provide the full tax equivalent of privately
owned land and is only available to local governments that provide services such
as public safety, housing, social services, and transportation. n237 PILT
payments must be distributed proportionally to units of local government and to
school districts that lost real property taxes as a result of the federal land
ownership. Recipients may use the funds for any governmental purpose. The local
governments receive PILT payments directly, n238 although under Montana law,
they must pay these funds into state coffers before they are re-distributed back
to counties as part of entitlement funds. n239 The federal government paid
Montana's local government entities more than $ 27 million in Fiscal Year 2008.
n240

   Additionally, federal funds flow to Montana - as they do to other states -
pursuant to programs aimed at providing direct benefits to low-income residents,
with some emphasis on families and children. These programs include Temporary
Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), Medicaid,  [*38]  and Low Income Energy
Assistance Program. n241 Federal food programs include Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP, formerly Food Stamps), Free and Reduced Price School
Lunches, n242 Summer Meal Program, Milk Program, and the Supplemental Nutrition
Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC). n243 Eligibility for all
programs is income-based or, in the case of SNAP, based on both income and
assets. n244 As noted above, these programs are administered at the local level
by the State Offices of Public Assistance. n245

   While many of these federal programs are long-standing, n246 they do not
serve a significant number of residents. Relatively few residents of even the
poorest counties receive TANF, although slightly more receive SNAP, and many
more receive Free and Reduced Price Lunches. n247 Further, a spring 2009 survey
found that many Montanans who are eligible for various federal assistance
programs are not receiving the aid. n248 For example,  [*39]  only 11% of
Montana residents who are eligible for TANF receive it. n249 This low rate is
likely attributable in part to the conditions imposed for receipt of benefits
under so-called welfare reform in 1996, some of which have proven impracticable
in rural settings. n250 Further, USDA data suggest that many families receiving
SNAP are still experiencing food insecurity, and the rate of food insecurity is
higher still for those who have recently stopped receiving SNAP. n251

   Finally, through a range of grant programs, the federal government funds
various local government and non-government initiatives. n252 These include
Maternal Child Health Grants, n253 Community Development Block Grants, n254
Community Facilities Loans and Grants, n255 and a wide range of USDA and Small
Business Administration programs. n256 Federal funds also flow into Montana, as
they do into other states with American Indian populations, under the auspices
of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and, among associated agencies, Indian Health
Services. n257

[*40]

   C. Montana's Public Schools

 As with provision of other services, Montana's public school system faces
spatial challenges arising from Montana's physical vastness. n258 The State's
public schools are among "the most rural in the nation," n259 with nearly 40% of
the State's students educated in rural schools n260 and 68% of all Montana
public schools located in rural areas. n261 Small, rural districts account for
more than 80% of Montana districts. n262 Statewide, only 29 of Montana's 336
administrative districts have more than 1000 students. n263 Additionally,
Montana has the highest number of one-room schools in America, n264 with more
than 60 single-room schools serving isolated communities in 2007. n265

   Montana schools nevertheless boast several positive indicators. The State's
high school graduation rate is 81.5%, well above the national average of 74.7%.
n266 Montana students score higher than the national average on the Scholastic
Aptitude Test (SAT), n267 and 84% of Montana students  [*41]  who took the SAT
in 2006 were enrolled in a college in 2007. n268 Rural students in Montana score
above average on the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) in both
math and reading. n269 Nearly 90% of Montana's schools are making Adequate
Yearly Progress (AYP) under the No Child Left Behind Act, a rate significantly
higher than the national average of 70%. n270

   Despite these successes, challenges remain. n271 Many of Montana's school
buildings are structurally deteriorating, n272 while low salaries and rural
locales make teacher recruitment and retention problematic. n273 Furthermore,
performance disparities exist between Montana's minority students and their
white peers. n274 Minorities - almost entirely American Indian n275 -  [*42]
comprise approximately 19% of students enrolled in rural schools. n276 Indeed,
about one-tenth of all Montana students are American Indian, n277 and they
comprise more than 90% of students in thirteen school districts. n278 Nearly 8%
of students enrolled in Montana's rural districts - almost all American Indian -
are English Language Learners (ELL), n279 ranking Montana eighth in the nation
for rural ELL students. n280

   A round of school-funding litigation in Montana from 2004-2008 culminated
most recently in a December 2008 district court ruling that upheld the current
school funding scheme. n281 A recap of the litigation illustrates how the
Montana Supreme Court and the Montana legislature have responded to a
constitutional challenge regarding provisions of services, as well as how these
institutions have viewed spatial challenges to service delivery. In 2005, the
Montana Supreme Court in Columbia Falls Elementary School District No. 6 v.
Montana (Columbia Falls II) found the State's funding system for public schools
to be constitutionally inadequate. n282 In particular, the Court in Columbia
Falls II determined that Montana's school funding violated Article X, § 1(3) of
the Montana Constitution. n283 That  [*43]  provision requires the legislature
to "provide a basic system of free quality elementary and secondary schools ...
[and] fund and distribute in an equitable manner to the school districts the
state share of cost" of these schools. n284 The Montana Supreme Court determined
that the Legislature had failed to define what constitutes a "quality" system of
education. n285 The Court thus ordered the Legislature to create an education
funding formula grounded in principles of quality. n286 The Columbia Falls II
litigation focused more on the "quality" phrase of Article X, § 1(3) than on its
"equitable" language. Indeed, the Court declined to reach the issue of whether
Montana's school funding scheme also violated the Montana Constitution's
equality guarantees. n287

   The Montana Legislature was in session when the Montana Supreme Court handed
down the Columbia Falls II decision in March 2005. The legislature's response
had been in progress even earlier, following the district court's decision. n288
The legislature promptly amended the Montana Code to define a "basic system of
free quality public elementary and secondary schools" as one which meets
specified accreditation standards and provides for students with special needs,
including so-called "At-Risk," disabled, gifted, and limited English proficient
students. n289 The Code further recognizes the rural context in which many
schools operate by requiring funding mechanisms that take account of the needs
of "isolated schools with low population density" and the "ability of school
districts to attract and retain qualified educators and other personnel." n290

   Also responding to Columbia Falls II during its 2005 regular session, the
Montana Legislature increased state funding for public schools for the 2005-2006
and 2006-2007 fiscal years. n291 In addition, the legislature appropriated funds
during the 2005 special session, n292 including a $ 5 million  [*44]  "At-Risk"
payment n293 and a $ 3.28 million "American Indian Achievement Gap" payment n294
for Fiscal Year 2006-2007. As the district court in the December 2008 Columbia
Falls III decision explained, these payments "address the dual achievement gaps"
that separate poor students from other students and that separate American
Indian students from other poor students. n295 Districts serving poor American
Indian students thus receive both types of funds, "recognizing the educationally
relevant needs of these students." n296 In 2007, the Montana Legislature
maintained the previous level of At-Risk and American Indian Achievement Gap
funding. n297 In the 2009 legislative session, the Legislature increased
spending for public schools by just one-third of one percent (0.36% or $ 4.7
million). n298 Federal stimulus funds replaced almost $ 10 million in At-Risk
payments for the 2009-2011 budget cycle. n299

   Montana public schools are currently funded approximately 46% from state
sources, 40% from local sources, and 14% from federal sources. n300 However, the
proportion of each school district's budget that is derived  [*45]  from each of
these sources varies dramatically. Enhanced federal monies typically target the
neediest schools and students, n301 as does a very limited amount of state
funding.

   Indeed, the flow of federal monies into particular schools makes Montana's
school funding scheme appear highly inequitable at first glance. n302 One
education non-profit, the Education Trust, ranked Montana last in the nation for
equitable revenues and expenditures among districts in 2005-2006, n303 the first
year's budget to reflect the legislative changes following Columbia Falls II.
Median revenues per pupil were $ 10,414 that year. n304 In the districts in the
bottom 5% in terms of funding level, the total revenue per pupil was $ 6,797 or
less, while the total revenue per pupil for districts in the top 5% in terms of
funding level was $ 27,381 or more. n305 The districts receiving the highest
level of funding thus got three times more than those receiving the least
funding.

   These statistics are misleading, however, unless considered in relation to
which districts receive the greatest funding. Apparent inequalities are created
primarily by the presence of federal monies which, in fact, essentially serve to
level the playing field for school districts that educate the neediest students.
This is because state and local funding of public education in Montana is topped
up by significant federal funding for American Indian students and poor students
(Title I). n306 This money flows to districts where the need is greatest. While
this creates a situation that appears inequitable, the effect of the federal
funds is actually to equalize. n307 Indeed, state law limits the extent to which
local wealth can enhance the funds available to some schools, while leaving poor
districts with much less funding.  [*46]  The law does so by "encouraging"
school districts to fall within a budget range that limits the role local
property taxes can play in school funding. n308

   This more redistributive approach - based on need as linked to ethnicity,
poverty, and spatiality - is, however, largely attributable to federal funding
priorities, rather than to state or local priorities. State At-Risk and Indian
Achievement Gap funds are relatively small amounts - about $ 200 per student -
in relation to other per-pupil revenues. n309 Further, they are not necessarily
an ongoing feature of the funding scheme, but rather must be re-funded during
each legislative session. n310 Funding levels for At-Risk students were
maintained during the 2009 Legislative Session, n311 albeit entirely with
federal stimulus monies. n312 The total amount granted for the programs is $
34.2 million over the two-year budget cycle. n313 The Indian Education for All
and Close Achievement Gap allocations are still supported, though not as fully
as in the prior budget cycle. n314

   I return in Part VI for further discussion of Montana's school funding
scheme, contrasting its distributive character to the more localized way in
which county governments are funded. The latter funding scheme is well
illustrated in the Part IV(D), which focuses on the economies, demographics and
county government finances of five Montana counties.

[*47]

   D. Uneven Development as Spatial Inequality: A Comparison of Private Wealth
and Public Services in Five Montana Counties

 As suggested by the discussion of local government finance in Part IV(B),
property tax revenues are the primary source of funds with which local
governments operate. This, in turn, means that a county's property tax base
(taxable valuation or mill value), as well as its willingness to levy taxes, has
a profound effect on its capacity to provide services. That some counties have
much greater property tax bases than others creates spatial inequalities across
counties. These inequalities are aggravated when the counties are so sparsely
populated that they are unable to achieve economies of scale for purposes of
service provision. They may also be aggravated in counties that cover more
territory because of the challenge of serving spatially far-flung residents.

   A closer look at five Montana counties illustrates the extent to which uneven
development across the State results in spatial inequality in the delivery of
government services. In this part, I consider government services other than
public education, and my focus is on health and human services. In the following
sections, I look in detail at a broad cross-section of counties to show how
spatial inequalities are manifest in Montana. I discuss one metropolitan county
(Yellowstone); one micropolitan county (Gallatin); one affluent nonmetropolitan
county (Stillwater); and two highly impoverished rural counties. One of the
highly impoverished counties is a majority American Indian county (Big Horn),
and the other has an overwhelmingly white population (Wheatland).

   With the exception of Big Horn County, all of the counties considered are
populated primarily by whites. n315 Other than in Big Horn County, where
American Indians are almost 60% of the population, n316 the highest percentage
of American Indians among the other four counties is in Yellowstone County, with
just over 4%. n317 All five have small but growing Hispanic/Latino populations.
n318

    [*48]  Various graphs depicting the economic, demographic, and social
circumstances of the five counties and their residents follow. n319 Figures 1-10
depict data that reflect the well-being of the counties' residents, with some
focus on children and families. Figures 11-18 provide information about the
counties' revenue sources, with an emphasis on local property tax revenue. Table
1 provides detailed information about the taxable value of each Class or type of
property, e.g., agriculture, land and improvements, in each county. This
information, in turn, sheds light on each county's economic base. To the extent
such information is available, the following parts also discuss the health and
human services that are available in each county, as well as information
regarding how those services are financed.


   1. Metropolitan Development and Diversification: Yellowstone County

 Yellowstone County, one of only four metropolitan counties in Montana, n320
lies in the south central part of the State. The county seat is Billings, which
is also Montana's largest city with an estimated 2006 population of just over
100,000. n321 The City's population has increased more
 than ten percent since the 2000 Census. n322 Indeed, while Billings is the
largest city in a 500-mile radius, n323 with a 2006 population of only 135,687,
n324 Yellowstone County falls at just three on the rural-urban continuum. n325
Yellowstone County's relatively small land area and relatively large population
make it one of Montana's most densely-populated counties. n326  [*49]  Figure 1:
County Population (2008)

 [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: U.S. Census Bureau 2008 Estimates

 Part of the Crow Indian reservation lies in the southeast part of the County.
n327

   Yellowstone County enjoys the diverse economy characteristic of a
metropolitan area, with "oil and gas, health care, livestock, and banking
playing significant roles." n328 Billings boasts three colleges and an
international  [*50]  FIGURE 2: POVERTY: GENERAL AND CHILDREN (2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 2 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: USDA Economic Research Service

 airport. n329 The greatest number of the County's employees work in health and
social assistance, followed by retail, accommodation and food services, and
construction. n330

   The 2007 median household income in Yellowstone County was $ 47,947, the
fifth highest among the State's counties. n331 The percentage of residents
living in poverty is below both state and national averages, as is the rate of
child poverty. n332 Other metrics n333 similarly suggest that Yellowstone County
residents are better off than the state average. n334

    [*51]  FIGURE 3: POVERTY: FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN (2000): (UNDER AGE 18 AND
UNDER AGE 5)

 [SEE FIGURE 3 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2000 Census

 Further, Yellowstone County's property tax base is substantial, and it reflects
the diversification one would expect from a metropolitan area. The total taxable
property value for 2008 was more than $ 264 million, which is about $ 1,782 per
capita. n335 Two-thirds of Yellowstone County's Fiscal Year 2008 total taxable
property value was Class 4 Land and Improvements. n336 While Class 3
Agricultural Land constitutes more than $ 3.6 million in taxable property
(second only to Big Horn County among the five examined here), that amount is
only 1.4% of Yellowstone County's total  [*52]  FIGURE 4: PER CAPITA AND MEDIAN
HOUSEHOLD INCOME (2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 4 IN ORIGINAL]

 Sources: USDA Economic Research Service (Median Household Income); Montana
State University, Local Government Wall Chart (county data) and U.S. Census
Bureau (Montana and USA data).

 taxable property value. n337 The total funds appropriated in the County in
Fiscal Year 2007 were $ 49.8 million, n338 or about $ 350 per capita. n339
Yellowstone County received more than $ 170,000 in PILT funds in 2008, n340 an
insignificant amount in light of the County's overall budget.

   Among the services provided by Yellowstone County are Public Health and Human
Services Programs that cost the County $ 1.87 million in  [*53]  FIGURE 5:
STUDENTS RECEIVING FREE OR REDUCED PRICE LUNCH (2006-2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 5 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: National Center for Education Statistics, Common Core Data (CCD)
(2006-2007)

 Fiscal Year 2009. n341 These services include rent assistance, youth shelter
programs, and low-income medical assistance. n342 Property taxes earmarked for
health and human services programs include library and health department levies.
n343

   Yellowstone County is unique in that the County runs a multijurisdictional
Service District under the name RiverStone Health (formerly known as Yellowstone
City-County Health Department). n344 The only one of its type in Montana, n345
this service district was until 2007 permitted under Title 7 of the Montana
Code. n346 Just 6% of RiverStone Health's budget  [*54]  FIGURE 6: RESIDENTS
RECEIVING TANF (DECEMBER 2008)

 [SEE FIGURE 6 IN ORIGINAL]

Sources: Montana Department of Health and Human Services and U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families

 comes from a mill levy approved by the voters, n347 while the remainder derives
largely from fees and grants, which increased from $ 17.5 million in 2005 to
about $ 30 million in 2008. n348 RiverStone Health administers approximately 30
programs. n349 These include immunization, breast and cervical health services,
home-health nursing, and hospice services. Additionally, it offers such programs
as Healthcare for the Homeless, Environmental Health Services, and Deering
Community Health Services. n350 Health services are also provided by the
Billings Clinic, a non-profit, health organization based in Billings. While the
Billings Clinic has no special clinics for  [*55]  FIGURE 7: RESIDENTS RECEIVING
SNAP (DECEMBER 2008)

 [SEE FIGURE 7 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana Department of Health and Human Services and USDA.

 low-income patients, it does handle initial applications for Medicaid,
Medicare, SCHIP, and disability. It also assists with Veteran's Administration
healthcare and provides services for victims of domestic violence through
Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) funding. n351 In addition, Billings Clinic
assists qualifying low-income families with lowered fees through its Financial
Assistance Program. n352 Billings Clinic also has clinics in the Stillwater
Community Hospital in Columbus (Stillwater County) and in Bozeman (Gallatin
County). n353

[*56]

   FIGURE 8: RESIDENTIAL STABILITY (2000)

 [SEE FIGURE 8 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2000 Census

 2. Micropolitan Affluence of Rural Gentrification: Gallatin County

 Gallatin County, located in the Rocky Mountains in the southwest part of
Montana, covers more than 2,500 square miles, n354 including a sliver of
Yellowstone National Park. n355 Its county seat, Bozeman, n356 is home to
Montana State University, n357 which is the County's largest employer. n358
Rural resorts such as the Big Sky Resort n359 and the Yellowstone Club n360 are
[*57]  FIGURE 9: EDUCATION LEVEL (2000)

 [SEE FIGURE 9 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2000 Census

 located in Gallatin County, as are a range of other enterprises. The Montana
Department of Commerce lists construction, manufacturing, technology, and
agriculture as playing significant economic roles, in addition to tourism,
retail, and service industries. n361 More Gallatin County workers are employed
in construction (6,168) than are employed in that industry in Yellowstone County
(5,780), n362 although Gallatin County's population is only about 60% of
Yellowstone County's. Indeed, the construction industry in Gallatin County is
second only to retail trade among private employers, with accommodation and food
services ranking third. n363

    [*58]  FIGURE 10: UNEMPLOYMENT RATE 2000 & 2007

 [SEE FIGURE 10 IN ORIGINAL]

 Sources: U.S. Census Bureau, 2000 Census; USDA Economic Research Service

 The proliferation of construction jobs in Gallatin County is not surprising
given that it was the fastest growing county in the State during the 2000 to
2007 period, with a growth rate of almost 30%. n364 The 2000 Census put Gallatin
County's population at 67,831, n365 of whom 27,509 lived in Bozeman, n366 while
2007 estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau report a county population of 80,203.
n367 These figures cause the County to be designated micropolitan, a type of
nonmetropolitan county that falls closest to the metropolitan  [*59]  threshold.
n368 Gallatin County is at the mid-point (five) on the rural-urban continuum,
n369 and its population density is 26 per square mile. n370

   Gallatin County's rapid growth is consistent with rural gentrification and
the rural resort phenomenon, and the 1,411 building permits issued in 2007 are
further evidence of the County's growth. n371 The population churn also
associated with rural gentrification is evident in statistics showing that
almost 30% of the County's residents moved into their current home in 2005 or
later. n372 An additional one-third moved into their current home between 2000
and 2004. n373 More than half of the County's residents were born in a state
other than Montana. n374

   All indicators for Gallatin County suggest affluence. Its median household
income was the third highest in the State in 2007, n375 and 41% of County
residents hold at least a bachelor's degree, a figure well above both the
Montana and national averages. n376 Poverty rates for the general population,
children, and families with children under the age of five are all below state
averages. n377 A relatively low percentage of students in Gallatin County
schools qualify for Free or Reduced Price lunches. n378

   Not surprisingly, Gallatin County's property tax base is strong, totaling
almost $ 181.1 million, or $ 2,238 per capita. n379 Gallatin County's taxable
property is not as diversified as Yellowstone County's, however, with Class
[*60]  4 Land and Improvements constituting 84% of all taxable property. n380 Of
that $ 176 million sum, two-thirds is residential. n381 Gallatin County's total
funds appropriated in Fiscal Year 2007 were $ 47.2 million, n382 while its per
capita appropriation that year was $ 567. n383 With significant public lands in
its territory, Gallatin County received more than $ 1.5 million in PILT funding
in 2008, n384 in addition to more than $ 500,000 in Secure Rural Schools funds.
n385

   Given its strong capacity to raise local revenue, Gallatin County is able to
provide significant services to its residents. The County partners with the City
of Bozeman to provide some health services. n386 Among the county-wide services
provided are public health nurses who are assigned to particular geographic
areas in the County and who liaise with community or school advisory groups or
councils. n387 The Montana Department of Public Health and Human Services
division provides immunization and testing programs, inspects daycare
facilities, and administers a variety of federally funded programs such as the
WIC nutrition program, a Breast and Cervical Health Program, and various
initiatives financed by a federal Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Block Grant.
n388 The Gallatin County Health Department also operates clinics and programs
aimed at preventing child abuse and neglect, including car-seat clinics. n389
The total budget for these programs  [*61]  is $ 1.5 million, supported by an
earmarked tax levy of 5.01 mills. n390 Resources dedicated to mental health
initiatives are just over $ 200,000 and are supported by a 0.99 mill levy. n391

   3. Nonmetropolitan Affluence from Natural Resources: Stillwater County

 Stillwater County is a nonmetropolitan county west of metropolitan Carbon and
Yellowstone counties, placing it near the Billings metropolitan area. n392
Stillwater County's population in 2000 was 8,195, n393 and the population of
Columbus, the largest town and county seat, was 1,748. n394 The County's small,
sparse population (4.6 per square mile), n395 and distance from a metropolitan
county, along with the small population of Columbus, place it at eight on the
rural-urban continuum. n396

   Stillwater County defies many of the stereotypes associated with rural
counties. Unlike many Great Plains counties, Stillwater County is not suffering
population loss; its 2008 population estimate shows a modest 7% growth rate
since 2000. n397 The County's 2007 median household income was the second
highest in the State, n398 and other metrics also suggest affluence. n399 At
9.7%, the County's general poverty rate is one of the lowest in the State. n400
The child poverty rate is similarly low, n401 as are rates of TANF and SNAP
receipt. n402 The percentage of students countywide who are eligible for Free or
Reduced Price lunches is exceptionally low, n403 while the high school
graduation rate is particularly high. n404

   Stillwater County's relative wealth - particularly for a sparsely populated
county - appears to be largely attributable to mineral deposits and the
resulting mining and manufacturing enterprises that dominate the local  [*62]
economy. n405 Stillwater Mining Company, a leading producer of platinum group
metals, has its headquarters in Columbus and is by far the County's largest
private employer, with more than a thousand employees. n406 Overall, the
greatest number of workers in the County are engaged in manufacturing (335),
with accommodation and food services running second (272). n407 Agriculture is
also a significant component of the County's economic base, with some 552 farms
covering almost 900,000 acres. n408

   The property tax base of Stillwater County, which totals $ 30.5 million ($
3,523 per capita) n409 also reflects the economic dominance of mining. More than
$ 6 million (18%) of the County's total taxable property value is attributable
to mining, categorized as Class 2 Gross Proceeds (Metal Mining). n410 The
highest portion of the County's property tax base, however, is Class 4 Land and
Improvements, at 57%. n411 Of the total $ 12.1 million in this category,
two-thirds is residential, and one-quarter is commercial. n412 Class 9 Utilities
and Class 8 Business Equipment are also significant components of the total
property tax base, n413 the latter presumably because the County's mining and
manufacturing activities require expensive and specialized equipment. The total
funds appropriated in Stillwater County for  [*63]  Fiscal Year 2007 were just $
5.3 million, n414 but that constituted a $ 610 per capita appropriation. n415
Relatively little in federal funds associated with public lands flows into
Stillwater County. n416

   Public information regarding Stillwater County's locally funded health and
human services program is scarce, although tax documents indicate that the
County levied taxes earmarked for library, group insurance, permissive medical,
and mental health. n417 The County occasionally helps to finance a particular
program, e.g., an educational program for senior citizens, in collaboration with
a non-profit or private agency. n418

   As in most counties, the Montana Department of Public Health and Human
Services, which houses an office in Stillwater County, provides some services.
n419 Further, Stillwater County's public health officer, a registered public
health nurse, works out of the Stillwater Community Hospital every second and
fourth Tuesday of the month, providing immunization and Well Child clinics. n420
This nurse also works closely with the federally-funded WIC nurse in Stillwater
County, who provides referral services to local health and nutrition programs.
The WIC nurse also provides basic nutrition education to pregnant and
breastfeeding women, or those families with children under the age of five. n421

   4. Nonmetropolitan Persistent Poverty in Indian Country: Big Horn County

 Big Horn County is a nonmetropolitan, persistent poverty county n422 in the
southeast part of Montana, n423 where it borders Wyoming. n424 Like Stillwater,
Big Horn County is contiguous to metropolitan Yellowstone and  [*64]  Carbon
counties, which partly explains its position at six on the rural-urban
continuum. n425 The County's population is 12,671, n426 of whom just over a
quarter live in Hardin, the county seat. n427 The County's population density is
just 2.5 persons per square mile, n428 and the majority of the County's land
area is Crow or Northern Cheyenne Reservation. n429 The 2007 median household
income for Big Horn County was just $ 33,304, about three-fourths of the state
median. n430 Coal mining and agriculture are the major pillars of the County's
economy. n431 Like many other nonmetropolitan counties in recent years, n432 Big
Horn County competed to host a state prison, which was constructed in 2007. As
of 2009, however, the prison was largely empty and the County was in default on
its construction bonds. n433

   All of the indicators for child well-being in Big Horn County are poor. n434
Over 30% of children there live in poverty, n435 and 74% of students - the
highest rate among all Montana counties - receive Free or Reduced Price lunches.
n436 Big Horn County has by far the highest rate of  [*65]  recipients of TANF
and SNAP among the five counties considered. n437 As depicted in Figure 9,
educational data are similarly alarming. n438

   Given the high level of poverty and the attendant lack of human capital in
Big Horn County, it is not surprising that the property tax base is weak, with
just about $ 20.3 million in total taxable value, or $ 1,543 per capita. n439
About 15% of that total taxable value is Class 3 Agricultural, and almost 25% is
Class 4 Land and Improvements. n440 The largest single component of the property
tax base, however, is Class 9 Utilities, at 29%. n441 Indian reservations and
improvements are not subject to state and local tax, which further limits Big
Horn County's tax base. n442 The total funds appropriated in Big Horn County in
Fiscal Year 2007 were just $ 10.4 million, which represented the second highest
amount of funds among the five counties on a per capita basis, at $ 971. n443
While Big Horn County's total appropriation is twice that of the more affluent
Stillwater County, n444 Big Horn's per capita expenditure is only about 50%
greater. n445 Federal PILT monies - just over $ 13,000 in 2008 - are largely
irrelevant to the Big Horn County budget. n446 However, the County received more
than $ 15 million in Federal Mineral Royalties in 2008, more than any other
Montana county. n447 These mineral royalties from public lands help explain the
low taxable valuation in the County, where considerable public lands would
generate significant tax revenue if they were privately held, as is the case in
Stillwater County.

   In spite of the low level of locally generated revenue, some of the
service-provision strain in Big Horn County is relieved because of the federal
government's role in funding services for the American Indian population,
including Indian Health Services. n448 Apart from largely federally  [*66]
funded services that target the American Indian community, Big Horn County
provides relatively few services to its residents. Most of the programs it does
provide are educational, including pregnancy and childbirth classes, as well as
teen health, nutrition, and smoking cessation programs. n449 Big Horn County
provides immunization and other public health services with funding from a
federal Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Block Grant. n450 The County also
administers car-seat loans, bicycle safety, and environmental health
initiatives. n451 Additionally, the County provides tuberculosis testing. n452
The sources of funding for these programs are not clear, though the Fiscal Year
2008 total budget for public health exceeded $ 206,000. n453 Unlike some more
populous counties, Big Horn County does not report any levies for programs such
as child daycare, health department, and library. n454 It does, however, have a
library budget, which includes funds from the private Gates Foundation and from
the State. n455

   5. Nonmetropolitan Poverty among Whites: Wheatland County

 Wheatland County, in central Montana, had a population of 2,259 at the 2000
Census, n456 although estimates for 2008 show a drop of 11% since  [*67]  then,
to 2,010. n457 With a much smaller land area than that of Big Horn County,
Wheatland County's population density is just 1.6 persons per square mile. n458
The county seat is tiny Harlowton, where almost half of the County's residents
live. n459 Wheatland County falls into the most rural category of counties,
ranking nine on the rural-urban continuum. n460

   With a 2000 poverty rate just over 20%, Wheatland is a high-poverty county.
n461 While the child poverty rate indicated by the 2000 U.S. Census was only
16%, n462 the 2007 Census Bureau estimate puts it at 34.3%. n463 Other metrics
indicative of child well-being in Wheatland County also signal alarm, as
illustrated in Figures 5-7 and 9. Nearly 49% of students receive Free or Reduced
Price lunches, n464 and the County has the lowest rate of high school diploma
holders in the State, at just 69%. n465 Nevertheless, all students in the
County's two high schools - a total of 38 - graduated in 2005. n466

   Those living in Wheatland County tend to be long-time residents, suggesting
very little population churn. n467 Indeed, as noted above, the County is
experiencing population loss. n468 This is presumably due in part to natural
decrease, given the high percentage of the County's population who are elderly.
n469

    [*68]  Economic indicators for Wheatland County are bleak. The 2007 median
household income was the second lowest in the State. n470 At only $ 28,654, it
was just two-thirds of the state median. n471 According to the 2000 Census, 41%
of the County's work force are engaged in agriculture, forestry, fishing and
hunting, or mining, while a surprising 37% report working in a managerial or
professional capacity. n472 This latter figure may reflect a high rate of sole
proprietorships and farmers. n473 Unlike most other counties, Wheatland County
does not report additional detail about its economic base to the State. n474

   Some clues to the Wheatland County economy may nevertheless be found by
considering the types of property that generate most of its revenue. While the
total 2008 taxable value for property in Wheatland County was relatively low, at
just over $ 11.8 million, its per capita figure is high, at $ 5,621. n475
Agricultural land is a significant portion of Wheatland's property tax base.
Indeed, Class 3 Agricultural Land and Class 4 Land and Improvements provide
roughly equal portions of its total taxable value, at 11.8% and 11.3%
respectively. n476 As with Big Horn County, the largest portion of the County's
total taxable value is Class 9 Utilities, which comprises 47%. n477 While the
County's total funds appropriated for Fiscal Year 2007 were only $ 2.1 million,
n478 Wheatland County had the highest per capita total funds appropriated among
the five counties, at just over $ 1,000. n479 In light of its meager tax
revenues, the PILT funds and Secure Rural Schools payments that the County
receives - totaling more than $ 260,000 n480 - constitute a significant part of
its overall budget.

    [*69]  No detailed information is available regarding Wheatland County's
general operating budget. Wheatland County relies primarily on funding from the
State of Montana to administer its public health and human services. n481 The
State Department of Public Health and Human Services sends a representative to
Wheatland County every Monday to provide assistance with public benefit programs
such as TANF, Medicaid, and SNAP. She drives approximately 60 miles to reach
Harlowton and is also the primary service provider for five other counties,
traveling elsewhere on other days. n482

   Wheatland County is a member of the Central Montana Health District, which is
comprised of Wheatland and five other rural counties. n483 As a member,
Wheatland County has access to a public health nurse the District employs. n484
Her position is not paid from the Wheatland County budget, however; rather it is
funded by a federal Public Health Emergency Preparedness Grant. n485 As the
public health officer for six counties, this public health nurse only comes to
Wheatland County for scheduled classes or immunization clinics. n486 She does
not hold regular hours in the county. n487 For basic medical care, then,
residents visit either Wheatland Memorial Hospital in Harlowton, or they can
travel 60 miles to Lewiston to see the Fergus County public health nurse who
holds regular office hours there. n488

   E. Summary

 This five-county comparison reveals a story of uneven development and its
consequences in an age of devolution. To some extent, this is a story that is
unfolding in amenity-rich rural places around the country, particularly in the
inter-mountain West. But it is also one that reflects differences in wealth
attributable to natural resources such as oil, gas, and minerals. As in more
urban states - that is, states more dominated by cities and  [*70]  Table 1:
Taxable Values, Property (FY2008)




County     Big Horn     Gallatin      Stillwater   Wheatland    Yellowstone
CLASS      $0           $267,435      $0           $0           $0
1 Net
Proceeds
(Mining)
CLASS      $0           $0            $6,028,165   $0           $0
2 Gross
Proceeds
(Mining)
CLASS
3
Agricultur
e
Land:
 Tillable  $682,184     $815,777      $249,228     $138,062     $960,152
Irrigated
(3.07,
3.01%)
 Tillable  $858,659     $659,805      $890,526     $461,130     $1,125,148
Non-
Irrigated
(3.07,
3.01%)
 Grazing   $1,898,075   $609,950      $ 798,674    $ 714,148    $992,947
(3.07,
3.01%)
 Wild Hay  $213,550     $158,058      $222,804     $127,023     $38,945
(3.07,
3.01%)
 Non-      $84,998      $807,048      $281,325     $60,292      $578,589
Qualified
Ag Land
(21.49%,
21.07%)
 Eligible  $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
Mining
Claims
(3.07,
3.01%)
Class      $3,737,466   $3,050,638    $2,442,557   $1,500,655   $3,695,781
3 Subtotal
CLASS
4 Land
and
Improvemen
ts:
           $1,924,264   $119,468,877  $8,040,491   $694,498     $111,698,562
Residentia
l
(3.07,
3.01%)
           $21,787      $184,472      $68,004      $6,770       $648,071
Residentia
l
Low
Income
(varies)
 Mobile    $218,947     $1,332,140    $215,364     $16,623      $2,382,328
Homes
(3.07,
3.01%)
 Mobile    $388         $12,841       $3,389       $1,395       $43,329
Homes Low
Income
(varies)
           $1,633,428   $54,094,828   $2,982,464   $697,087     $56,445,527
Commercial
(3.07,
3.01%)
           $87,357      $154,758      $ 72,470     $3,966       $1,017,479
Industrial
(3.07,
3.01%)
 New       $2,136,954   $ 742,637     $ 782,357    $10,361      $4,361,404
Manufactur
ing
(varies)
 Qualified $ 7,119      $353,091      $0           $0           $306,252
Golf
Courses
(1.54,
1.51%)
 Remodeled $0           $0            $0           $0           $123,327
Commercial
(varies)
 Extended  $0           $483,027      $12,758      $814         $100,018
Prop Tax
Relief
Program
(Res
Only)
Class      $6,030,244   $176,826,671  $12,177,296  $1,431,514   $177,126,297
4 Subtotal
CLASS
5
 Rural     $ 718,810    $417,396      $399,078     $40,180      $1,327,269
Electric
and
Telephone
Co-Op
(3%)
 Qualified $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
New
Industrial
(3%)
 Pollution $103,774     $54,479       $103,563     $0           $2,524,464
Control
(3%)
 Gasohol   $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
Related
(3%)
 Research  $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
and
Developmen
t
(0%-3%)
 Aluminum  $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
Electrolyt
ic
Equipment
(3%)
Class      $822,584     $471,875      $502,641     $40,180      $3,851,733
5 Subtotal
CLASS      $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
7 Non-
Centrally
Assessed
Public
Util.
(8%, 3%)
CLASS
8
 Machinery $4,117,964   $4,288,134    $3,998,968   $55,598      $27,852,772
(3%)
 Farm      $608,877     $695,228      $318,193     $216,773     $663,833
Implements
(3%)
 Furniture $161,915     $3,139,037    $94,979      $25,477      $5,560,393
and
Fixtures
(3%)
 Other     $500,333     $1,192,099    $587,783     $33,992      $2,403,563
Business
Equipment
Class      $5,389,089   $9,314,498    $4,999,923   $331,840     $36,480,561
8 Subtotal
CLASS      $ 7,218,497  $14,372,949   $6,219,371   $5,981,464   $27,105,728
9
Utilities
CLASS      $54,027      $264,678      $44,801      $9,848       $22,612
10 Timber
Land
(0.35%,
0.35%)
CLASS
12
 Railroads $866,209     $924,476      $407,310     $240,436     $3,119,630
(3.53%,
3.31%)
 Airlines  $0           $1,166,324    $93          $0           $1,985,223
(3.53%,
3.31%)
Class      $866,209     $2,090,800    $407,403     $240,436     $5,104,853
12
Subtotal
CLASS
13
           $0           $212,125      $319,434     $0           $3,487,421
Electrical
Generation
Property
(6%)
           $352,120     $3,613,824    $370,021     $373,751     $ 7,990,485
Telecommun
ication
Property
(6%)
 Elect     $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
Gen/Tele
Real Prop
New & Exp
Class      $352,120     $3,825,949    $689,455     $373,751     $11,477,906
13
Subtotal
CLASS
14
 Wind      $0           $0            $0           $0           $0
Generation
(3%)
 Wind      $0           $0            $0           $2,734,052   $0
Generation
New & Exp
(varies)
Class      $0           $0            $0           $2,734,052   $0
14
Subtotal
TOTAL      $24,470,236  $210,485,493  $21,334,316  $12,643,740  $264,865,471
Source: Montana Department of Revenue, Biennial Report, July 1, 2006 to June 30,
2008
  [*71]  where cities are more important players in the provision of services
n489 - Montana's story is a story of "haves" and "have-nots." In states with
more robust urban populations, the story is more likely to be about urban and
suburban haves and rural and center-city have-nots. In Montana, however, the
story is also very much one of rural haves and rural have-nots.

   Montana counties have grossly disparate abilities to meet the needs of their
residents because they are so heavily dependent on local property tax revenue.
Counties such as urban Yellowstone and rural gentrified Gallatin n490  [*72]
FIGURE 11: TAXABLE VALUATION (FY 2007) (IN MILLIONS)

 [SEE FIGURE 11 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 have significant and growing property tax bases which endow them with much
greater capacities to provide services for their residents. Counties like
Stillwater, with an economy based heavily on extraction of natural resources,
are similarly affluent and enjoy relatively robust public coffers. n491

    [*73]  FIGURE 12: TAXABLE VALUATION PER CAPITA (FY 2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 12 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 The affluence of rural "haves," such as Gallatin County and its residents, is
particularly striking when compared with impoverished counties like Wheatland
and Big Horn. Both of the latter lack development, job growth, services, and
amenities. Wheatland County is also losing population, while Big Horn County is
confronting the distinct challenges associated with persistent poverty and a
majority American Indian population. n492 While the federal government plays a
role in addressing some of these challenges, n493 particularly in Indian
Country, n494 the problems endure. Greater  [*74]  FIGURE 13: CHANGE IN TAXABLE
VALUATION (2002-2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 13 IN ORIGINAL]

Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 centralization of funding by the State would help level the playing field among
counties and among all of Montana's children.

   Because of the relatively low degree of centralization in the funding of
Montana's county governments, Wheatland and Big Horn counties are among those
with less ability to deliver necessary services to a population who are in even
greater need of them. This lack of services is particularly ironic given that
the per capita appropriations in these counties are the highest among the five
counties studied, at about $1,000 each. n495 This means that Wheatland and Big
Horn County residents pay more per person in property taxes, while enjoying
fewer services. This is in part because these  [*75]  FIGURE 14: TAXABLE
VALUATION BY CLASS OF PROPERTY (IN MILLIONS)

 [SEE FIGURE 14 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana Department of Revenue, Biennial Report, July 1, 2006 to June
30, 2008

 counties must compensate for the lack of property wealth by paying a higher tax
rate. n496 It is also due to their inability to achieve economies of scale in
the provision of services to their spatially dispersed populations.

   Under the current funding regime, a county's relative lack of private wealth
and income generating activity leads to still greater deprivation and poverty.
Meanwhile another county's private wealth and economic development - be it in
the nonmetro form of rural resorts or of the more typical metropolitan variety -
enhances that county's affluence. Stillwater County is, in a sense, the anomaly
amidst the five. It is a very rural county (eight on the continuum) with
significant private wealth that is largely attributable to natural resources.
Yet in spite of its relative affluence, its county government does not deliver
significant health and human services to its small and dispersed population.
This failure may be, at least in part, a function of lack of political will to
do so, but it may also reflect the economy-of-scale problem.

   In short, because of the arbitrary nature of county boundaries, which are a
remnant of history, n497 the scheme by which county government is funded results
in this uneven service delivery. State action as manifest in this heavy reliance
on local funding of services translates uneven development  [*76]  FIGURE 15:
TOTAL MILLS LEVIED (FY 2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 15 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 into spatial inequality in the delivery of significant government services.
n498 The lack of state centralization in the funding of county government leaves
clusters of poor people unserved, or at least grossly under-served, in
comparison to their neighbors in more affluent, more developed  [*77]  FIGURE
16: FEDERAL PAYMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH PUBLIC LANDS (FY 2008)

 [SEE FIGURE 16 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Secure Rural Schools, U.S. Forest Service; PILT, U.S. Department of the
Interior

 counties. They are also under-served by having to drive longer distances to
reach state-run Offices of Public Assistance located in other counties. n499

   Children are among those who are short-changed by government. Many are denied
robust health and human services based simply on where they live. In relation to
the State of Montana, of which the counties are merely agencies or
administrative arms, county boundaries thus delineate  [*78]  FIGURE 17: TOTAL
FUNDS APPROPRIATED (FY 2007) (IN MILLIONS)

 [SEE FIGURE 17 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 the "where" that determines who gets what. The next part discusses how law
might be enlisted to redress these spatial inequalities and create greater
opportunity for all of Montana's children.

   V. Legal Remedies for Spatial Inequality among Children

   A. The Promise of the 1972 Montana Constitution for the State's Children

 As noted in the introduction to this article, Montana's 1972 Constitution is a
very progressive one, n500 and many scholars have already considered the
innovative ways in which it might be interpreted and the good uses to which it
might be put. n501 I will now turn to an analysis of how the  [*79]  FIGURE 18:
PER CAPITA APPROPRIATION (FY 2007)

 [SEE FIGURE 18 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: Montana State University, Local Government Wall Chart

 Montana Constitution might be used to level the playing field for Montana's
children, n502 thereby mitigating the sometimes gross inequalities that
currently exist across counties in terms of government service provision.

    [*80]  While the Montana Constitution does not unequivocally provide a basis
for finding the State must provide a minimal level of services to children, it
nevertheless makes greater commitments to children than does the U.S.
Constitution. n503 Further, the State's equal protection guarantee provides a
sound basis for evening out provision of services from county-to-county.
Finally, the Dignity Clause of the Montana Constitution provides a rare
opportunity to consider what a right to "dignity" means, particularly in
relation to children and in light of the doctrine of parens patriae.

   It is entirely possible that the inequalities I describe run afoul not only
of the Montana Constitution, but also of the U.S. Constitution. Yet there are
political and practical reasons for addressing these inequalities as a matter of
Montana constitutional law rather than as a violation of the U.S. Constitution.
State courts are necessarily more agile and responsive to changing circumstances
- including changing economic conditions - than are the federal judiciary and
the U.S. Constitution. Over the course of well more than two centuries, the U.S.
Constitution has been amended only 27 times, including the ten amendments
reflected in the Bill of Rights. n504 In contrast, Montana's Constitution has
proved to be a living document. Adopted in 1972, this Constitution has since
been amended 44 times in less than four decades. n505 Indeed, under the very
terms of the Montana Constitution, the need for its revision is considered every
20 years. n506

   One of the 44 amendments to the Montana Constitution came in the wake of the
Montana Supreme Court's decisions in Butte Community Union I and II, n507 which
held that the State could not discriminate against adults under the age of 50 in
the provision of welfare benefits. n508 Those decisions were followed by an
amendment to the Montana Constitution that made the provision of public benefits
discretionary. n509 That sequence of events, discussed further below in relation
to socioeconomic rights, reflects just the sort of give and take that makes
state jurisprudence and judicial fora more  [*81]  appropriate for confronting
issues such as the one I raise, which has significant cost implications for the
State.

   Other scholars advance related arguments. Professor Mary Helen McNeal
suggests the "trend to interpret state constitutions more broadly" than their
federal counterparts, the so-called "new judicial federalism," n510 is a logical
complement to devolution, which not only makes states more responsible to their
citizenry, but also confers upon them greater powers. n511 Helen Hershkoff
offers reasons why state constitutions are better suited to address
socioeconomic rights. n512 She points out the opportunity state courts have to
"work collaboratively with the other branches of government to elaborate social
and economic rights." n513 Hershkoff observes that judicial review of state
constitutional rights "creates important incentives for state public officials
to face up to constitutional goals." n514 While Hershkoff advances these
arguments with respect to the New York Constitution's welfare provision in
particular, they apply also to the appropriateness of the Montana judiciary
looking after the needs of constituents with diminished political access. She
writes: "Judicial review leverages the political strength of groups that lack
strong alliances or electoral power, moving their concerns onto a legislative
agenda and creating political resources for future use." n515 Thus, politically
powerless citizens, such as poor children in Montana, gain "opportunities ... to
participate in political life." n516

   1. Equal Protection Law and Socioeconomic Rights

 Some provisions of the Montana Constitution mirror those of its federal
counterpart. Article II, § 4 of the Montana Constitution, for example, provides
that "no person shall be denied equal protection of the laws." n517 It
specifically forbids the State, along with private actors, from discriminating
"against any person in the exercise of his civil or political rights on account
of race, color, sex, culture, social origin or condition, or political or
religious ideas." n518 The Montana Supreme Court has held that Article II,
[*82]  § 4 "provides for even more individual protection" than the U.S.
Constitution's Equal Protection Clause, n519 and the Court similarly declared in
other contexts that it is not "constrained by interpretations of the Federal
Constitution." n520

   Other provisions of the Montana Constitution go beyond the U.S. Constitution.
While the U.S. Constitution "addresses economic inequality weakly and
indirectly," n521 the 1972 Montana Constitution initially featured a very strong
provision in Article XII, § 3(3), regarding socioeconomic rights: "The
legislature shall provide such economic assistance and social and rehabilitative
services as may be necessary for those inhabitants who, by reason of age,
infirmities, or misfortune may have need for aid of society." n522 The germinal
Montana case on socioeconomic rights, Butte Community Union v. Lewis (Butte
Community Union I), n523 considered not only this so-called welfare provision,
but also the State Constitution's Equal Protection Clause in relation to it.

   In determining who could receive welfare benefits, the Butte Community Union
I Court prohibited the State from distinguishing between those over the age of
50 and those under the age of 50. n524 The Montana Supreme Court held that,
while welfare benefits were not a fundamental right, n525 they were important
enough to be subjected to a heightened scrutiny analysis because "welfare" was
at least mentioned in the Montana Constitution. n526 The Court thus applied a
new "middle tier" test, which involved two  [*83]  parts. n527 The first was
whether the classification was reasonable, and the second was whether the
State's interest in the classification outweighed the interests of the people in
getting the benefits. n528 The Court held that the State had not established
that those younger than 50 were more capable of surviving without welfare than
those over age 50; the classification was therefore unreasonable. n529 In
balancing the State's interest in saving money against the interests of those
needing the welfare benefit, the Court found the interests of those in need to
be greater. n530

   Six months after the Butte Community Union I decision, the Montana
Legislature adopted another welfare law, which stated that able-bodied persons
without dependent minor children were only eligible for two months of nonmedical
general relief assistance within a 12-month period. In 1987, the Montana Supreme
Court sustained the district court decision in Butte Community Union v. Lewis
(Butte Community Union II), n531 which held the new statute unconstitutional
under the middle-tier test. n532 The district court had held that deeming
able-bodied persons without dependent minor children as having no need for
general relief assistance was "arbitrary and unreasonable" n533 under the first
prong of the middle-tier test. It was therefore unnecessary to apply the second
prong. In affirming the trial court's decision, the Montana Supreme Court held
that the State Legislature could not reduce its spending "by the expedient of
eliminating classes of eligible individuals from public assistance without
regard to their constitutionally grounded right to society's aid when needed,
through misfortune, for the basic necessities of life." n534

   In the wake of both Butte Community Union decisions, Montana voters amended
their Constitution to make the provision of public benefits discretionary. n535
Article XII, § 3(3) now provides: "The legislature may provide such economic
assistance and social and rehabilitative services for those who, by reason of
age, infirmities, or misfortune, are determined by the legislature to be in
need." n536 While the provision of benefits is no longer required, Article XII,
§ 3(3) nevertheless continues expressly to recognize  [*84]  age as a relevant,
though not mandatory, basis for providing economic assistance and social
services. n537

   As illustrated by this public benefits litigation, the principal purpose of
Montana's Equal Protection Clause is to avoid subjecting persons to arbitrary
and discriminatory governmental action. n538 Yet the county government funding
scheme does precisely that. It subjects all Montana citizens to disparities in
access to services based on the arbitrary happenstance of where county
boundaries were drawn as much - or more - than a century ago. n539 This
disparate impact on the basis of geography or place arguably falls within one of
the Constitution's explicitly forbidden bases for discrimination: "social origin
or condition." n540

   Furthermore, it is not practical to say that citizens can shop for better
services by moving to another county. The immobility of the poor is
well-documented, n541 and that of children is self-evident. I have presented
here great detail of Montana's county funding scheme and its consequences. More
could be gathered in order to establish an equal protection violation under the
Montana Constitution. Indeed, this is presumably true regarding all services
provided at the county level, n542 although my focus here is on health and human
services.

   Indeed, a 1989 school funding case that focused on equality in the provision
of public education illustrates the Montana Supreme Court's openness to
arguments based on spatial inequality. In Helena Elementary School District No.
1 v. Montana, the Court held that the Equality Clause of the Constitution's
Article X, § 1 regarding education, was violated by the State's failure to
provide sufficient funding for elementary and secondary  [*85]  public schools.
n543 Section 1(1) mandates "equality of educational opportunity ... for each
person in the state" and § 1(3) further dictates that the Legislature "shall
fund and distribute in an equitable manner to the school districts the State's
share of the cost of the basic elementary and secondary school system." n544
Because of inadequate state funding, the Court found that the State was "forcing
an excessive reliance on permissive and voted levies." n545 Noting that taxable
valuation of property varied enormously from district to district and
contributed to per-pupil spending disparities among schools as great as eight to
one, n546 the Court explicitly affirmed the district court's holding that "the
spending disparities among the State's school districts translate into a denial
of equality of educational opportunity." n547 While the trial court had also
found that the system violated the State's Equal Protection Clause, the Montana
Supreme Court did not find it necessary to consider that issue because of its
holding based on the Education Clause. n548 Nevertheless, the State's high court
in Helena Elementary proved itself responsive to spatial inequalities in
government services that were created by heavy reliance on local property tax.

   Assuming for a moment that an argument based solely on equal protection would
not prevail, the following part explores other provisions of the Montana
Constitution that might - independently or in the aggregate - be the basis for a
remedy that would ensure more generous benefits and services, including life's
basic necessities, for all of Montana's children.

   2. The Individual Dignity Clause

 Montana's Constitution is the only state constitution in the nation that
features a dignity clause. n549 Article II, § 4 provides:



    INDIVIDUAL DIGNITY. The dignity of the human being is inviolable. No person
shall be denied the equal protection of the laws. Neither the state nor any
person, firm, corporation, or institution shall discriminate against any person
in the exercise of his civil or political rights on account of race, color, sex,
culture, social origin or condition, or political or religious ideas. n550



    This section juxtaposes the concepts of individual dignity and equal
protection, placing both under the former heading. Professors Larry Elison and
Fritz Snyder observe that Article II, § 4 is "unique to the extent it recognizes
[*86]  human dignity as a dimension of, or corollary to, the concept of equal
protection of the law." n551

   Although the Clause and its placement in relation to equal protection are
unique, the Dignity Clause has not - standing alone - been subject to much
judicial analysis. Elison and Snyder note that the Clause "has not been
interpreted to mean anything in particular." n552 Scholars nevertheless discuss
possible uses and interpretations of the Dignity Clause, as well as the history
of its inclusion in the 1972 Montana Constitution. n553 Most conclude that the
individual dignity right has been primarily used to complement other rights,
most notably equal protection. n554 Yet the court in Butte Community Union I,
for example, did not mention the Dignity Clause or use the word "dignity" in
that germinal equal protection case. n555

   Professors Matthew Clifford and Thomas Huff speculate on alternative possible
synergies between the Dignity Clause and other constitutional provisions. n556
They assert that "the dignity right might supplement" other rights in the
Declaration of Rights "by assuring ... that the core humanity of persons is
protected" and by "complementing and elaborating ... other enumerated rights."
n557 They also call attention, however, to the "venerable" canon of
constitutional interpretation that each clause should be read as "both
substantively meaningful and not redundant." n558 Clifford and Huff thus assert
the possibility that the Dignity Clause may be violated absent "some sort of
arbitrary classification." n559

   Consistent with Clifford and Huff's assertion, Professor Heinz Klug suggests
that the dignity provision might be the basis for "claims to a limited core of
socio-economic rights." n560 He observes, for example, the "intrinsic  [*87]
link between economic security and human dignity." n561 This is consistent with
international conceptions of human dignity, n562 which also include "positive
concepts of human rights to minimally adequate necessities of life." n563
Certainly, it is difficult to envisage a life lived in hunger, or without other
basic necessities, that reflects or embodies human dignity. n564

   Another provision of the Montana Constitution supports a link between dignity
and economic justice. Article II, § 3 of the Montana Constitution provides:



    INALIENABLE RIGHTS. All persons are born free and have certain inalienable
rights. They include the right to a clean and healthful environment and the
rights of pursuing life's basic necessities, enjoying and defending their lives
and liberties, acquiring, possessing and protecting property, and seeking their
safety, health and happiness in all lawful ways. In enjoying these rights, all
persons recognize corresponding responsibilities. n565



    This language does not guarantee the achievement of "safety, health, and
happiness;" it provides only the right to "pursue life's basic necessities."
n566 Elison and Snyder observe that the "gist" of these Article II, § 3 rights
"is in the nature of individual autonomy." n567 Indeed, this language suggests
the very sort of autonomy-related idea that is often associated with dignity;
n568 it arguably reiterates the dignity right. Scholarly interpretations of the
Dignity Clause by Klug, Clifford, and Huff (particularly when considered
alongside this complementary language from Article II, § 3) support an argument
that the system by which Montana finances public services is a violation of the
individual dignity of those who are consequently underserved. n569

[*88]

   a. What Dignity Means for Children

 While the dignity-as-autonomy interpretation is mainstream and uncontroversial,
it does not make sense when mapped onto child subjects. Children are an
extremely vulnerable population in a range of ways - emotionally, physically,
and economically. n570 The conceptualization of the dignity right in relation to
autonomy is thus wrong-headed in relation to children because their lack of
maturity means they have a diminished capacity for autonomy. n571 A better
conceptualization with respect to minors links their dignity to another aspect
of their humanity: their inherent vulnerability and dependency. n572 Because
children are necessarily dependent, dignity and/or inalienable rights to pursue
necessities and to seek safety and health are meaningless if their parents
cannot - or simply do not - provide them food, clothing, and shelter. For those
children, no prospect exists for the exercise of these supposedly inalienable
rights, just as they enjoy no meaningful prospect of living with dignity.

   Further, if children are not provided the most basic necessities, they cannot
develop into fully functioning adults with the capabilities to pursue these
inalienable rights. The Montana Supreme Court should thus interpret the Dignity
provision for children in a way that recognizes their fundamental dependency
rather than on the basis of a misplaced assumption of autonomy. Doing so would
require Montana to more equitably fund services for the State's children,
ensuring that all children - including those living in less affluent counties -
enjoy life's basic necessities, as well as appropriate health and human
services. Acknowledging that dignity and the dependency of children are
inextricably linked would surely require focusing on the evenness with which
services are distributed, as well as the adequacy of these services to meet the
needs of Montana's poorest and, in many ways, most vulnerable citizens. n573

[*89]

   b. Creating an Affirmative Obligation: The State as Parens Patriae

 The doctrine of parens patriae may also provide the Montana Supreme Court with
a basis for linking the dignity of children to their vulnerability and inherent
dependency. In 1944, the U.S. Supreme Court in Prince v. Massachusetts n574
accepted the common law doctrine of parens patriae, which recognizes the State's
ultimate responsibility to protect children's well-being. n575 The Prince Court
acknowledged the special status of children and the State's broader authority
over them, as compared to adults. n576 The Court there held that it is in the
interest of society "to protect the welfare of children ... . It is in the
interest of youth itself, and of the whole community, that children be both
safeguarded from abuses and given opportunities for growth into free and
independent well-developed men and citizens." n577 The Prince Court further
emphasized that democratic society depends "upon the healthy, well-rounded
growth of young people into full maturity as citizens, with all that implies."
n578

   Yet in spite of Prince's lofty, broad, and policy-based language, the State's
parens patriae role is manifest more often as a sword against parents rather
than as a shield that would proactively provide for children. n579 That is,
while the State has the power to regulate children and the family, n580 that
power is mostly "residual" n581 in practice because the State typically defers
to the family, which is viewed as a private institution. Thus, the State more
often uses the law from an offensive posture to remove children from their
families, rather than to assist and defend families by ensuring  [*90]  that
children have life's basic necessities. n582 This is so despite the fact that
most families where children need protection from their parents are families in
which the stresses of poverty contribute to the dysfunction. n583 This reflects
Martha Fineman's observation that children, "invisible within the private
sphere, can conveniently be ignored in fashioning public policy." n584

   Nevertheless, a number of scholars have theorized possible bases for the
State's positive obligations to children. n585 Professor Kay Kindred, for
example, maintains that parens patriae imposes upon the state an affirmative
obligation to assist parents. n586 She argues that family privacy, to which law
gives so much lip service, would be better served not by removing children from
their parents, but rather by providing material assistance to families who wish
to parent their children. n587 Professor April Land also advocates an
affirmative obligation by the State to provide children with basic necessities.
n588

   A somewhat related basis for a state's duty to provide for children is their
vulnerability and need, which again is logically linked to their dignity as
humans. n589 Barbara Woodhouse, for example, argues that children's rights "flow
not from their autonomy, but from their dependency." n590 In discussing this
basis for the obligation, Tamar Ezer cites John Stuart Mill to support his
claim: "Those who are still in a state to require being taken care of by others,
must be protected against their own actions as well as against external injury."
n591 Additionally, Ezer observes, the U.N. Declaration of  [*91]  the Rights of
the Child n592 supports this idea that children have certain needs that must be
satisfied if they are to grow into healthy, productive adults. n593 This is the
same aspiration that the Supreme Court in Prince linked to the well-being of our
democracy n594 and that the Court has occasionally since recognized in relation
to the importance of education. n595

   The State's obligation to provide for the well-being of children in the
interest of society under Prince, as well as the Court's acknowledgement of the
inherent dependency and vulnerability of children, provides a strong
justification for a more proactive approach to protecting the dignity of
Montana's children. Read in concert with the individual Dignity Clause and
Professor Klug's assertion that certain core socio-economic rights are inherent
to the concept of dignity, the doctrine of parens patriae can and should be used
to establish the State's affirmative duty to provide for children's most basic
needs. n596

   B. Challenging the Orthodoxy of U.S. Constitutional Jurisprudence

 Although I have just argued the Montana Constitution is a more appropriate
vehicle for responding to the problems identified, it is worth considering
briefly how the U.S. Constitution might be enlisted to redress spatial
inequalities across Montana's counties n597 or, alternatively, to ensure that
every child's minimal needs are met. The jurisprudence of the U.S. Supreme Court
does not recognize socio-economic rights, but several decisions regarding
children, education, and equal protection provide glimmers of hope regarding
government's obligations to poor children. In addition, several dissents by
Justice Thurgood Marshall provide a useful framework for thinking about the
state's role in creating these inequalities, as well as  [*92]  the state's
responsibility for eliminating them. Three issues in equal protection
jurisprudence are particularly relevant to my focus on the unevenness with which
Montana provides services for children: (1) the significance of the right or
benefit at stake; (2) the relative political power, or lack thereof, of the
disadvantaged group; and (3) the role of the state in creating these
inequalities. I take up each of these in the parts that follow.

   1. The Interest at Stake

 Public assistance has not in recent decades been considered a weighty or
significant benefit that compels significant concern based on equal protection
or other constitutional doctrines. Similarly, wealth has not been considered a
suspect classification. n598 The most recent germinal Supreme Court decision in
which welfare benefits were at stake was Dandridge v. Williams. n599 There, the
Court in 1970 upheld a Maryland law that based financial need for state
assistance in part on the number of children in the family. n600 While the
benefit increased with each additional person in the household, the aggregate
was capped, n601 thereby effectively denying assistance to members of large
families. The plaintiffs argued that the "maximum grant" discriminated against
some children based on family size and therefore violated the Equal Protection
Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. n602 While the Court acknowledged the
weighty stakes, n603 it nevertheless applied a rational basis test in upholding
the constitutionality of the Maryland scheme. n604

   Justice Marshall, in dissent, focused on the life-sustaining nature of the
benefits at stake as a justification for applying heightened scrutiny to the
Maryland program. He distinguished prior cases that applied the rational basis
test, observing that Dandridge was different because the "most basic economic
needs of impoverished human beings" were at stake in that case. n605 Marshall
repeatedly noted that the appellants were individuals, and not merely
institutions. He called for greater attention to the "relative importance" of
the denied benefits "to individuals in the class discriminated against." n606 A
few paragraphs later, Marshall again mentioned the "individual  [*93]  interests
here at stake" as "most clearly distinguishing this case from the 'business
regulation' equal protection cases." n607 He wrote that welfare for "needy
dependent children provides the stuff that sustains those children's lives:
food, clothing, shelter." n608 In a similar vein, Marshall criticized the
majority for turning its analysis "on the basis of a closed category of
'fundamental rights.'" n609 Again invoking the life-and-death nature of welfare
benefits, Marshall observed that one whose "very survival is at stake" would not
likely be "comforted by the knowledge that his fundamental rights are preserved
intact." n610

   Justice Marshall again asserted the enormous significance of the interest at
stake - this time education - in his dissent in San Antonio Independent School
District v. Rodriguez. n611 There he proclaimed the "right of every American to
an equal start in life." n612 Justice Marshall saw that "equal start" as
including the "provision of a state service as important as education," which he
labeled "vital." n613

   Indeed, the U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly recognized education's
importance; this was one point that eight members of the Rodriguez Court
expressly endorsed. n614 Writing for the majority in Rodriguez, Justice Powell
wrote "the abiding respect for the vital role of education in a free society,
may be found in numerous opinions of Justices of this Court writing both before
and after [Brown v. Board of Education] was decided." n615 In Plyler v. Doe, the
Court similarly emphasized the importance of education, calling it "the very
foundation of good citizenship" n616 and recognizing that it "provides the basic
tools by which individuals might lead economically productive lives to the
benefit of us all." n617 The Plyler Court quoted at  [*94]  length from Brown v.
Board of Education n618 in emphasizing the importance of education not only to
individual children, but indeed to the well-being and flourishing of our
democracy. Supreme Court decisions such as Plyler, along with Brown v. Board of
Education n619 and others, n620 are surely correct in terms of their emphasis on
the critical role of education. Yet they arguably overstate the potential of
education, by itself, to empower disenfranchised groups or to train citizens.

   Educational opportunity alone does not open doors for children or prepare
them for citizenship. Children who live with chronic food insecurity or
impermanent housing will struggle to succeed in life, even if they have access
to the same educational opportunities as peers from more affluent families. n621
Deep poverty - especially during the earliest years of childhood - has
particularly long-lasting and devastating effects on children's academic
learning and school completion. n622 In short, children's educational
opportunities will be of little value if their first-order needs are not met.
Justice Marshall recognized this in his Dandridge dissent, where he focused on
the life-sustaining character of food, clothing, and shelter. n623

   The array of services at stake in Montana - from food and shelter to other
public health and other human services - are no less crucial to children's
well-being and development. Federal programs such as TANF, SNAP, WIC and Free
and Reduced Price Lunches are aimed at preventing and alleviating childhood
hunger. Their success in that regard assumes that their parents can meet the
requirements for benefits and physically go to the  [*95]  State Office of
Public Assistance to apply for them. n624 Those living in counties which are
more remote from metropolitan or micropolitan areas, or which are less densely
populated, are less likely to have access to an office near them or to one that
is open more than a day or two a month. n625

   The Montana Department of Children and Family Services (CFSD) provides child
protective services and assists with child support enforcement n626 out of five
regional offices, n627 as well as 41 county-level offices. As with other health
and human services, the schedules for the county-level offices vary greatly,
with some open just one day a week and others providing services on several
half-days each week. n628 Residents of the fifteen counties with no county-level
office must get access to CFSD services by traveling to another county. n629

   Other services, including social services, counseling, and health care are -
as demonstrated in Part IV(D) - available on a patchwork basis, largely
dependent on county organization and locally levied taxes. All of this means
that many impoverished and at-risk children are not well-served by state and
local governments. Those in remote rural counties, which typically also have the
least affluent tax bases and populations with the poorest economic profiles,
suffer the greatest service deficits.

   2. The Efficacy of the Political Process

 Another consideration in equal protection jurisprudence is the status of the
aggrieved group, including their relative political power. Those living in
persistent and/or concentrated poverty are arguably a "discrete and insular
minority" who deserve heightened protection under the Equal Protection Clause.
Coined by the Supreme Court in U.S. v. Carolene Products Co., n630 the phrase
"discrete and insular minority" has been interpreted to include race and
national origin. n631 While neither children nor the poor have been recognized
as a discrete and insular minority, poor children meet some of  [*96]  the
criteria as articulated in Rodriguez. n632 The Court there stated that strict
scrutiny applies only to those in a "position of political powerlessness as to
command extraordinary protection from the majoritarian political process." n633

   A majority in Rodriguez held that children whose schools received less
funding because of a school finance scheme that relied heavily on local property
tax revenue - essentially children living in poor neighborhoods - were not in
such a position. n634 But Justice Marshall's dissent took issue with this
conclusion. He expressed skepticism that the political process would protect
children and families living in poor school districts, observing that the
political process had "proved singularly unsuited to the task of providing a
remedy for this discrimination." n635 Justice Marshall further noted the
entrenched and powerful interests of those who would wish to keep things as they
were. He wrote:



    The disability of the disadvantaged class in this case extends as well into
the political processes upon which we ordinarily rely as adequate for the
protection and promotion of all interests. Here legislative reallocation of the
State's property wealth must be sought in the face of inevitable opposition from
significantly advantaged districts that have a strong vested interest in
preservation of the status quo. n636



    The political process in operation in Montana seems similarly ill-suited to
correcting the unevenness of service delivery among that State's counties.
Residents of more affluent counties - typically more populous ones - are
unlikely to support a more redistributive mechanism for financing local
government or otherwise providing services when the status quo so clearly
operates to their immediate benefit. Further, it is self-evident that children
themselves are politically powerless in the sense that they cannot vote. While
we might assume that children are represented in the political process by their
parents, this may not be a fair assumption for children living in poverty,
particularly for those in concentrated or persistent poverty. Such children are
arguably particularly overlooked by and excluded from the political process
because not only their parents but their entire communities  [*97]  effectively
have no stature in civil society. n637 Indeed, some studies indicate that voter
participation declines as income decreases. n638

   The relative political powerlessness of rural people generally and the rural
poor, in particular, is generally well-documented, though not the subject of
great media or scholarly attention. n639 As Professor Donald Voth observes,
rural people are largely "unorganized, unmobilized, and ... unrepresented." n640
Rural problems are often literally out of sight, out of mind; when they are
contemplated, they may be seen as less pressing than those in urban communities.
n641 Even in a state like Montana, which is arguably culturally rural, only half
of all residents live in rural places as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau. n642
While two-thirds live in nonmetropolitan counties, n643 a great many of these
residents live in more affluent micropolitan counties such as Gallatin and
Flathead, and they would not benefit from a more centralized funding scheme.

   Further, spatial phenomena such as segregation have been associated with
powerlessness and disadvantage in other contexts, including voting and
elections. In Gomillion v. Lightfoot, the U.S. Supreme Court held that
African-Americans were denied equal protection when the city boundaries of
Tuskegee, Alabama were redrawn to exclude them. n644 In Reynolds v. Sims, the
Court rejected attempts to justify unequal districting on the basis of various
geographic factors, declaring that "diluting the weight of votes because of
place of residence impairs basic constitutional rights under the  [*98]
Fourteenth amendment just as much as invidious discrimination based upon factors
such as race ... or economic status." n645 In the era of the Voting Rights Act,
election districts have been re-drawn with the goal of increasing the likelihood
that a minority will be elected to represent it. n646 This has been done by
clustering spatial concentrations of African Americans or Latinas/Latinos, for
example, in the same district. In doing so, the phenomenon of spatial
segregation has been manipulated specifically to empower a disadvantaged group.

   Finally, Professor Michelle Wilde Anderson has asserted that county
governments have limited political voice. n647 Yet this is the level of
government to which rural populations - especially impoverished rural
populations - are mostly likely to have access. n648 Anderson identifies "robust
and proximate political influence" as that which is needed, but not necessarily
provided, by county government. n649 Anderson's observation about the limited
voice of county government is almost certainly less accurate in a state such as
Montana, which is largely rural and by some standards has no major city. n650
However, she offers another important observation about county government that
is highly relevant to the Montana context: political participation in this layer
of government requires travel to the county seat, which may be distant. n651 In
a geographically large county such as Big Horn, for example, a resident of
Decker, Montana, near the Wyoming border, would have to travel more than an hour
and a half (62 miles) to Hardin to attend a meeting of county commissioners.
n652

   3. The Role of the State

 Marshall's dissent in Rodriguez made another point that is highly relevant to
the inequalities and inadequacies identified in how the State of Montana
delivers services. Marshall noted that "the State is responsible for the wealth
discrimination" at issue because "the means for financing public education in
Texas are selected and specified by the State." n653 "It is the  [*99]  State,"
he wrote, "that has created local school districts, and tied educational funding
to the local property tax and thereby to local district wealth." n654

   The same is true regarding the scheme by which Montana funds its county
government. It is the State of Montana that created the counties, and it is the
State that ties a vast amount of funding for county government to local property
taxes - and therefore to local private wealth. The result is a system that
grossly underserves some children and families in comparison to others. This, in
turn, perpetuates and aggravates inequalities associated with uneven
development. The role of the State in perpetuating and aggravating spatial
disadvantage is indisputable. n655

   4. Summary

 A few threads of Supreme Court jurisprudence can thus be enlisted in support of
the argument that Montana's scheme for funding county government violates the
U.S. Constitution. In addition to Justice Marshall's focus on the humanity of
poor children and their dependency on the state for necessities, n656 the Court
has recognized the importance of education. n657 Finally, the Court has embraced
parens patriae, albeit for limited purposes. n658

   At least one other Supreme Court decision also supports legal efforts to end
the spatial inequality that imperils poor children. Failing to provide life's
basic necessities to children is tantamount to visiting on them the sins (real
or perceived) of their parents. Whatever basis may be stated for passing
judgment on poor adults and denying them benefits on that basis does not hold up
with respect to their children. Just as the Court in Weber v. Aetna Casualty &
Surety Co. in 1972 determined it unconstitutional to penalize a child who was
born to an unmarried mother, n659 the same principle surely applies to children
living in poverty. The Court there wrote:



    Visiting ... condemnation on the head of an infant is illogical and injust.
Moreover, imposing disabilities on the illegitimate child is contrary to the
basic concept of our system that legal burdens should bear some relationship
[*100]  to individual responsibility or wrongdoing. Obviously, no child is
responsible for his birth and penalizing the ... child is an ineffectual - as
well as an unjust - way of deterring the parent. n660



    Such injustice to the child (along with failed deterrent with respect to the
parent) is no less problematic when visited on a child born into poverty, a
child who has no more control over the consequences of her birth situation than
a child born out of wedlock.

   Even if impoverished adults are an unsympathetic population based on an
assumption that they are fully autonomous and capable of providing for
themselves, this autonomy clearly does not extend to children. n661 As the Weber
Court recognized, and as Justice Marshall repeatedly observed in his dissent in
Dandridge, children are not responsible for the circumstances of their birth.
n662 Among these circumstances is place of residence, yet it is a circumstance
with profound consequences in the State of Montana.

   Montana's scheme of financing county governments runs afoul of the Weber
principle by denying children benefits on the basis of factors entirely out of
their control. The State's failure to provide evenly for all children across all
counties effectively penalizes them for their place of residence. In doing so,
the State inappropriately imposes on children the consequences of their parents'
actions.

   VI. Montana's School Funding System as a Model for Alleviating Spatial
Inequality

 As noted above, a great deal of school funding litigation has been based on the
concept of spatial inequality, though the complaints have not been labeled as
such. n663 In Rodriguez, for example, the plaintiff families complained that
some Texas school districts, including those their children attended, were less
well-financed than others. n664 This disparity was due to a heavy reliance on
property taxes in the State's system for financing public education, a reliance
which meant that students residing in school districts with low property tax
bases did not have educational opportunities on par with those residing in
wealthier districts that had more substantial property  [*101]  tax bases. n665
In essence, the parents alleged a spatial inequality that violated the Equal
Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution. A great many other school funding
cases have relied on similar arguments. n666

   Although in 2005 the Montana Supreme Court held in Columbia Falls II that the
State's school funding scheme violated the Montana Constitution, the decision
did not turn on Equal Protection or Equality Clause analysis. n667 Rather, the
Court held that the State was not then providing the mandated "quality"
education. n668 In spite of that infirmity, which the legislature has since
addressed, the current school funding formula provides a model for a greater
degree of redistribution or equalization. Using a funding formula that draws on
the same principles - that is, channeling money to places where the need is
greatest in order to achieve more substantive equality - would help level the
playing field with respect to availability of health and human services, for
Montana's children. As with school funding, that redistribution could emanate
from both the federal and state levels.

   As noted in Part IV(C), some schools in Montana benefit from much higher per
student funding than others. Close consideration of the schools that receive the
greatest funding, however, reveals that they are often the neediest on one or
more of three bases: (1) the poverty of students; (2) the American Indian
ethnicity of students; and (3) rural locale. Each of these characteristics makes
it more difficult for government to provide equal educational opportunities to
these students. This is because the cost of educating poor students is higher
than that for others, n669 and the further disadvantages associated with
American Indian status are well-documented. n670 Finally, schools with
relatively few students are much more costly on a per-student basis because of
the inability to achieve economies of scale. All of these challenges -
socio-economic, ethnic, and spatial - are also relevant to county governments
seeking to provide services, including those needed to adequately or more evenly
serve disadvantaged children.

   In a few instances, the funds that enhance a Montana school district's
ability to serve needier students come from state government. In most instances,
the funds come primarily from the federal government. Either or  [*102]  both
types of revenues may make some schools appear to be disproportionately
well-financed when, in fact, these supplemental funds smooth out and enhance
education opportunity for disadvantaged students.

   Federal funding appears to play a much greater role in redistribution of
resources - and in creating the "apparent" inequities in funding - than do state
or local funds. n671 Local sources generally play a relatively small role (40%)
in financing Montana's public schools, n672 particularly when compared to the
dominant role (60-65%) that local property tax revenue plays in financing county
government. n673 In the school funding context, the role played by local funding
sources tends to increase with the affluence of the school district and its
pupils, again indicating that the redistributive function occurs at a higher
level, such as state or federal. However, Montana's school funding scheme seeks
to maintain relative equality by encouraging schools to fall within a budgetary
range, thus preventing local funding from playing so great a role in
property-rich districts that they can finance schools much better than the state
average. n674

   These funding patterns are illustrated by comparing six high schools in the
five counties studied: Lodge Grass High School in Big Horn County, Manhattan and
Three Forks high schools in Gallatin County, Columbus High School in Stillwater
County, Harlowton High School in Wheatland County, and Shepherd High School in
Yellowstone County. Four of the high schools are of somewhat similar size (189
students to 281 students), with Lodge Grass and Harlowton being somewhat smaller
(162 and 113 students, respectively). n675 Lodge Grass and Harlowton also have
much higher student poverty rates than do the other schools (29% and 28%,
respectively). n676 All 162 students at Lodge Grass High School are American
Indian, making them vulnerable on three bases: ethnicity, poverty, and
spatiality. At Harlowton High School, where 88% of students are white, the
greater need relates primarily to the latter two bases of disadvantage.
 For Fiscal Year 2006, Lodge Grass High School received very high revenues per
student: $22,414, compared to a statewide average of $9,032. n677 Of this
amount, 54% came from federal sources, n678 far above  [*103]  FIGURE 19:
MID-SIZED HIGH SCHOOLS STUDENT DEMOGRAPHICS (FY 2006)

 [SEE FIGURE 19 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: The New America Foundation, Federal Education Budget Project: Montana.

 the Montana average of 14% federal funding. This funding is largely
attributable to federal monies targeting Lodge Grass' impoverished students n679
and American Indian students, n680 because it has many students in both
categories. As for the remainder of the school's budget, state funding comprises
28% (including significant amounts on the basis of At-Risk and Indian
Achievement Gap funding) n681 and local funding just 17%. This seems  [*104]
FIGURE 20: MID-SIZED HIGH SCHOOLS FUNDING PER STUDENTS (FY 2006)

 [SEE FIGURE 20 IN ORIGINAL]

 Source: National Center for Education Statistics, Common Core Data (CCD)

 appropriate since Big Horn County - and presumably the particular part of it
served by Lodge Grass High School - has a poor property tax base. n682

   In contrast to Lodge Grass High, the mid-sized high schools in Gallatin,
Stillwater, and Yellowstone counties receive far less federal revenue and rely
far more on state and local funding. n683 At Manhattan (205 students) and Three
Forks high schools (189 students) in Gallatin County, where the student poverty
rates are relatively low at 12% and 6%, respectively, the corresponding
per-student revenues are considerably lower than for Lodge Grass: $11,722 and $
7,540. n684 Federal funds going to these schools are minimal, at $380 and $95,
respectively. n685 The situations at Columbus High School in Stillwater County
and Shepherd High School in Yellowstone County are similar. The former has 220
students and the latter  [*105]  has 281 students; both have a poverty rate of
11%. n686 They are comparable to the two Gallatin County high schools in terms
of the dearth of federal funding received, just $41 and $89 per pupil,
respectively. n687

   Like similarly impoverished Lodge Grass High School, the total per-pupil
revenue at Harlowton High School in Wheatland County is well above the state
average, n688 although at $14,398, it is considerably closer to the average than
Lodge Grass. n689 With 113 students and a 28% poverty rate, Harlowton High
receives almost a quarter of its funding from federal sources. While this means
that federal funding plays a much greater role at Harlowton than in the three
more affluent counties, it nevertheless plays a significantly smaller role than
at Lodge Grass, with its entirely American Indian student body. n690

   The roles of state and local funding at Harlowton High School are more
puzzling, and seemingly inequitable. In light of the School's high student
poverty rate and corresponding presence of At-Risk students under the State's
funding scheme, n691 state funding plays a surprisingly small role in the
Harlowton budget. Indeed, state funding of Harlowton plays a lesser part as a
percentage of total funding (34%) than it does in the larger and more affluent
Gallatin, Stillwater, and Yellowstone County schools. n692 Consequently, local
funding fills a disproportionately greater gap (42%). n693 This is especially
surprising - and seems highly inequitable - in light of the lack of affluence
among Wheatland County's population n694 and the County's poor property tax
base. n695

   Other ways in which Montana's school funding scheme is imperfect could surely
be identified. Nevertheless, the underlying principles reflected in the funding
formula appear to be a better and more substantively equitable model than the
scheme by which local government is currently funded. n696

    [*106]  Development theorist Amartya Sen has explained the "exacting and
complex" challenge of achieving substantive equality "when there is a good deal
of antecedent inequality to counter." n697 "Equal consideration for all," he
writes, "may demand very unequal treatment in favour of the disadvantaged." n698
Such "unequal treatment," reflected in additional funds to benefit disadvantaged
students and schools, is the path Montana has taken in funding public education.
The State should now consider how such principles might helpfully be borrowed
from the public education funding system and applied to its system of financing
local government. This approach would suggest channeling more funding to
counties with "antecedent inequality" that needs to be countered - counties with
higher poverty rates or where the need is greater on some other basis. These
funds should be earmarked for health and human services programs. Montana should
take these steps even if greater redistribution and responsiveness to the needs
of more vulnerable populations requires the distribution of state funds because,
more so than in the education context, devolution has so limited federal monies
for such services.

   VII. Conclusion: Making Montana the Best (not Last) Place for All Children



 The test of our progress is not whether we add to the abundance of those who
have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little. n699

   [il15.] Franklin Delano Roosevelt

   Second Inaugural Address





    In this country, the success of our children cannot depend more on where
they live than on their potential. n700

    Barack Obama

   State of the Union Address 2010

  [*107]  These statements by U.S. Presidents of different eras reflect two ways
of thinking about the state's responsibility to ameliorate child poverty:
adequacy and equality. First, every child should have enough to flourish.
Second, children should have relatively equal opportunities. Spatial
inequalities such as those associated with the rural-urban axis should not
dictate life prospects. While the U.S. Constitution provides few tools for
mandating state responses to the Constitution's Dignity Clause and Equal
Protection Clause.

   Rural places, almost by definition, are relatively underdeveloped and
economically undiversified. Globalization has driven the restructuring of rural
economies in recent years, causing and aggravating rural poverty. n701 For a
number of rural communities, the result has been greater social and spatial
isolation, with many such places facing lower per capita incomes, higher
unemployment, a higher proportion of extractive and nondurable manufacturing
employment, a greater dependence on income transfers, and fewer government
resources. n702 As devolution places more responsibility on communities that
already have poor infrastructure, insufficient resources, and inadequate
management, rural poverty and stratification are likely to become even more
pronounced. n703

   While this article holds Montana up as an example of spatial inequality and
its consequences for children, the sad story told here is not limited to
Montana. It is a story of the consequences of uneven development, coupled with
devolution, which is playing out across the country. n704 As federal funding of
public services wanes, state and local funding decisions take on greater
significance. n705 In every state, spatial inequalities - which can be mapped
somewhat predictably onto a rural-suburban-urban continuum - are an aspect of
our nation's child poverty epidemic. In short, place is a significant marker of
economic and social stratification, whether or not it intersects with racial or
ethnic disadvantage.

   In other ways, the story told here is very much a Montana story and is also
representative of recent experiences of other inter-mountain West  [*108]
states. n706 The story of Montana's development in recent decades, unlike that
in states where growth has been concentrated in mega cities, is not one of
dramatic urbanization. It is also not one - at least not entirely - of rural
decline and population loss, as seen in some Midwest and Great Plains locales.
n707 Rather, Montana's story is one of rural gentrification and rural resorts,
n708 as well as localized oil, gas, and mineral wealth. As such, the development
is not uniform or state-wide. Rather, it is limited to amenity-rich places in
the Rocky Mountains and resource-rich places elsewhere in the State. As a
consequence, the tax bases of counties such as Gallatin have burgeoned
considerably, while at the same time, residents there expect and demand more
services. n709 Meanwhile, counties like Stillwater are able to maintain a degree
of affluence because of the presence of mineral wealth, although the county's
small, sparse population limits service provision. Other nonmetropolitan
counties that have not seen economic growth suffer population loss and sometimes
a corresponding flat or declining property tax base, thus causing them to be
taxed more heavily for inferior services. n710 What we see in Montana, then, is
an example of what Linda Lobao has called a "new inequality hot spot." n711 As
some counties have grown rapidly and the demographic profile of their residents
has become more affluent, others have changed little or even seen their
situations deteriorate due to population loss and rural restructuring.

   Under Montana's scheme for financing county government, the fiscal
consequences of this uneven development are public as well as private. The
spatial inequality evident in Montana is partly a result of counties with poor
property tax bases being less able to provide services to their citizens. The
consequences of this failure are especially enduring for the particularly
vulnerable child population.

   To some extent, disparities among Montana counties surely reflect the
differing priorities and philosophies among local governments. Gallatin  [*109]
County is clearly pro-growth, and its amenity-rich situation in the Rocky
Mountains, near Yellowstone National Park, supports that stance. Stillwater and
Wheatland counties are presumably constrained from such a stance by the
character of their resources (e.g., human and social capital, ecological
assets).

   Rural sociologists who consider the character of county government and the
challenges facing local governments in rural locales conclude that government at
this scale can play a significant role in mitigating inequalities and fostering
economic growth. n712 However, county governments tend to view redistributive
expenditures as a low priority and economic development as a high one. n713 But
Professors Linda Lobao and David Kraybill found a significant, positive
correlation between promotion of economic growth and the provision of social
services. n714 Gallatin County's recent experiences surely reflect this
phenomenon. The County's growth attracts well-educated and affluent newcomers.
These new residents, typically transplants from metropolitan places, have
presumably driven demand for services, based in part on the services they
enjoyed at their prior place of residence. This provision of services, in turn,
enhances Gallatin County's appeal to additional newcomers of the same
well-heeled character.

   At the same time, a different cycle operates in counties with poor property
tax bases. Problems of inadequate infrastructure and schools, coupled with low
quality health care and social services, impede these rural counties from
enhancing their human capital, which would in turn foster economic growth. n715
Absent redistributive funding of services at the state or federal level,
however, counties need local economic growth to remedy the infrastructure,
school, and health and human service deficits that hinder that  [*110]  same
economic growth. n716 While some non-profit groups are working to train local
leaders and facilitate rural development, n717 and the federal government also
offers assistance, n718 growth remains elusive for some counties.

   * * * A great deal is at stake economically for Montana in remedying the
spatial inequality that leaves residents of some counties grossly under-served.
For starters, the cost of child poverty to the State is $1.4 billion annually.
n719 Other data are similarly compelling. If all students in Montana's high
school Class of 2008 had graduated, the State would see an $830 million boost to
its economy. n720 Further, educational attainment is positively associated with
good health and longer life. n721

   The point, of course, is that poor children are likely to become poor adults.
n722 This is as true in the bucolic settings of rural America as it is in the
urban core. The economic and social characteristics of rural places have
profound impacts on the children and youth who grow up there. Not least is a
socio-economic landscape that limits their educational and employment  [*111]
prospects. n723 One recent study of rural youth found them "at greater risk for
both depression and diminished educational aspirations." n724 It also found that
they "suffer greater loneliness and may be less likely to obtain the social
support needed to mediate the impact of stressor events." n725 Studies of rural
young adults aged 18 to 24 indicate that they are more likely to be idle - that
is, unemployed and not enrolled in postsecondary education or the armed forces -
than their urban counterparts. n726

   Yet even in pockets of persistent, high, concentrated, and deep poverty,
there is hope. A 2004 study of poverty declines between 1990 and 2000 showed
that the poverty rates for the poorest tracts of the poorest counties declined
significantly. n727 That study found that job growth and the development of
social capital significantly reduced poverty and that the greatest reductions
were in the tracts with highest poverty. n728 The study concluded that policies
aimed at particular neighborhoods can be effective at poverty reduction. n729
Some Montana counties need just this sort of focused poverty elimination
efforts. n730

    [*112]  Further, the State has a responsibility to all children. Recall the
Supreme Court's language in Prince, Brown, and Plyler, as well as Justice
Marshall's dissents in Dandridge and Rodriguez. The Prince Court emphasized that
democratic society depends "upon the healthy, well-rounded growth of young
people into full maturity as citizens, with all that implies." n731 Brown and
Plyler recognized the importance of education to the capacity of individuals to
lead "economically productive lives," as well as to citizenship formation and
democracy. n732 Justice Marshall's dissent in Dandridge amplified the
life-and-death nature of certain types of benefits. These decisions, while not
always ruling in a way that required states to be more responsive to needy
children, nevertheless recognized the importance of children's well being not
only to individual children, but also to society. Further, these decisions
recognized the role of government in fostering that well-being.

   While federal government plays this role in some respects, n733 inequalities
and needs remain. For reasons discussed above, the State of Montana is in a
position to provide a remedy. The opportunity of the Montana Supreme Court is
especially inviting because of the Montana Constitution's Dignity Clause and
because the Equal Protection Clause expressly mentions "social origin or
condition" as a protected class. n734 Just as states (including Montana) have
been willing to direct legislative remedies in the context of school funding,
n735 so they similarly should be willing to direct a remedy for spatial
inequality in provision of other government services - a phenomenon that
undermines the life prospects of poor children.

   Past decisions of the Montana Supreme Court give reason for particular
hopefulness. In Butte Community Union I and II, the Montana Supreme Court was
not especially deferential to the legislature, twice rejecting as
unconstitutional legislation that curbed welfare benefits. n736 In school
funding litigation regarding both quality and equality, the State's high court
similarly has not hesitated to tell the legislature to "fix it." n737

   While the Montana Constitution does not expressly or unequivocally make
unconstitutional the spatial inequalities that characterize the situation of
children (as well as the general population) across the State, the Dignity and
Equal Protection Clauses - read together or independently - at least invite
[*113]  reform. They invite change to a local government finance system that
aggravates spatial inequalities across counties by dictating service provisions
at the county level, while funding county government in a way that leaves some
counties grossly unable to respond to the basic needs of residents.

   While the focus in this article is the role the State of Montana could play
in alleviating child poverty, the federal government has an important role, too.
As noted in the initial discussion of devolution, the federal government has
enormous potential to level the playing field for Montana's children. n738 To
some extent the federal government does this with programs such as Title I,
which channels funds to low-income school districts, n739 and with programs such
as SNAP, TANF, WIC, and Free and Reduced Price Lunches. n740 Indian Health
Service and other Bureau of Indian Affairs programs address spatial inequalities
as they intersect with American Indian ethnicity. n741

   In Montana, however, the potential of the federal government is greater than
in most states because of the significant federal funds associated with public
lands that also flow into the State. n742 Yet these funds are typically
earmarked for particular counties, and they sometimes go to the most affluent.
n743 This is particularly ironic in some cases because it is often the public
lands - in the form of National Parks and National Forests, for example - that
drive the rural resort/gentrification phenomenon, which attracts private wealth
and moderates the need for such funds. Gallatin County is an example of this.
For other counties, PILT and other transfer payments are critical to rural local
governments' capacity to provide services. n744 This is the case with Big Horn
County, which benefits from millions of dollars in mineral lease payments each
year. n745

   The 2008 Farm Bill is yet another avenue for garnering federal resources to
alleviate child poverty. A provision of the bill establishes a Coordinator for
Chronically Underserved Rural Areas. n746 As of August 2009,  [*114]  however,
no appointment had been made nor any action taken to establish this office. n747
If and when it is established, the Coordinator will be responsible for directing
U.S. Department of Agriculture resources to high-poverty rural areas as well as
for "developing rural economic development that leverages the resources of state
and local governments and non-profit and community development organizations."
n748 Montana's high-poverty rural counties are home to the sort of perennially
underserved rural populations that should benefit from this new federal
initiative. The State of Montana can play a complementary role with respect to
these and other federal monies by providing consultation with local entities and
officials regarding available grant funds. Doing so can help ameliorate one
consequence of the human and social capital deficits in these most impoverished
rural counties.

   Eliminating child poverty under the Big Sky calls for action at multiple
scales. Success will require a pluralism that enlists federal, state, local, and
tribal governments, working collaboratively with non-profit organizations and
the private sector, too. All of these entities must seek synergies that respond
effectively to the needs of Montana's youngest and most vulnerable citizens.
Doing so will ensure a better future for all Montanans.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Education LawFundingAllocationGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinancePublic Health &
Welfare LawHealthcareGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  This is a slogan used to market Montana. See Jim Robbins, In Montana, A
Popular Expression is Taken Off the Endangered List, N.Y. Times A15 (Aug. 17,
2008). The phrase first became associated with the State through the book, The
Last Best Place, A Montana Anthology (William Kittredge & Annick Smith eds.,
Univ. of Wash. Press 1998).





n2.  Mont. Const. preamble.





n3.  See Kirk Johnson, Economy Crashes the Gates at a Club for the Rich, N.Y.
Times A34 (Nov. 30, 2008) (reporting on the Yellowstone Club's bankruptcy filing
and describing the club's clientele); Jim Robbins, Unhappiness after Stream in
Montana is Open to All, N.Y. Times A20 (Dec. 1, 2008) (noting that Huey Lewis
and Charles Schwab are owners of large homes in Montana); Ashlea Ebeling, Home
on the Ranch, 158 Forbes (June 11, 2001) (noting that Ted Turner's four Montana
ranches are worth over $100 million).





n4.  On the Montana Tourism website, Governor Brian Schweitzer lists among the
State's attractions "open land, majestic mountains." Montana Office of Tourism,
Welcome from the Governor, http://visitmt.com/welcome from the governor
(accessed Feb. 10, 2009).





n5.  See Conor Dougherty, The New American Gentry; Wealthy Folks Are Colonizing
Rural Areas, Bringing Cash, Culture - and Controversy, Wall Street Journal A1
(Jan. 19, 2008); Lawrence C. Hamilton et al., Place Matters: Challenges and
Opportunities in Four Rural Americas, http://www.carsey
institute.unh.edu/publications/Report PlaceMatters.pdf (2008) (dividing rural
America into four categories, one of which is "amenity rich" and noting that
this category of rural places is thriving by many measures); Lisa R. Pruitt,
Legal Ruralism Blog, http://legalruralism.blogspot.com; select rural
gentrification (accessed July 13, 2009).





n6.  U.S. Census Bureau, American FactFinder,
http://factfinder.census.gov/home/saff/main.html? lang=en; search "Montana,"
refer to 2005-2007 ACS data (accessed Mar. 25, 2009) [hereinafter American
FactFinder].





n7.  Id. Unless otherwise indicated, I use the term "children" to refer to all
persons aged 0-17.





n8.  U.S. Census Bureau, United States Summary: 2000 Population and Housing Unit
Counts 29, http://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc3-us-pt1.pdf (2004).





n9.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Montana," refer to 2005-2007 ACS
data (accessed Mar. 25 2009).





n10.  U.S. Census Bureau, GCT-PH1-R.: Population, Housing Units, Area, and
Density, http://ceic. mt.gov/C2000/PL2000/popdensityallstates.pdf (2000).





n11.  See infra nn. 25-26 and accompanying text (providing definitions).





n12.  United States Department of Agriculture, Economic Research Service, Rural
Definitions: State Level Maps, Montana 8,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Data/Ruraldefinitions/MT.pdf (2000) [hereinafter Rural
Definitions: State Level Maps, Montana].





n13.  Id. at 8 (indicating that 50.2% of the state's population is rural). See
also Rural Poverty Research Institute, Demographic and Economic Profile: Montana
7, http://www.rupri.org/Forms/Montana 2.pdf (2008). See infra n. 24 (U.S. Census
Bureau definition of rural). Indeed, the Montana Supreme Court has occasionally
invoked the State's rural character in judicial opinions, as in a 1981 marital
dissolution case in order to justify its preference to keep a farm or ranch
intact, even if it meant the wife received her buy-out in installments. See
Gomke v. Gomke, 627 P.2d 395, 396-397 (Mont. 1981).





n14.  William P. O'Hare, The Forgotten Fifth: Child Poverty in Rural America 18
tbl. 13,
http://carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/Report-OHare-ForgottenFifth.pdf
(Carsey Institute Summer 2009).





n15.  Rural Definitions: State Level Maps, Montana, supra n. 12, at 8.





n16.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 4.





n17.  Id. at art. II, § 7.





n18.  Id. at art. II,§§19-28.





n19.  Id. at art. II, § 3.





n20.  Id. at art. II, § 10. The section provides: "The right of individual
privacy is essential to the well-being of a free society and shall not be
infringed without the showing of a compelling state interest." See Patricia A.
Cain, The Right to Privacy Under the Montana Constitution: Sex and Intimacy, 64
Mont. L. Rev. 99 (2003) (discussing the provision).





n21.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 4. For a discussion of the dignity right, see
Matthew O. Clifford & Thomas P. Huff, Some Thoughts on the Meaning and Scope of
the Montana Constitution's "Dignity" Clause with Possible Applications, 61 Mont.
L. Rev. 301 (2000); Heinz Klug, The Dignity Clause of the Montana Constitution:
May Foreign Jurisprudence Lead the Way to an Expanded Interpretation?, 64 Mont.
L. Rev. 133 (2003).





n22.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 3. This right is listed first among the
Constitution's inalienable rights and is expressly guaranteed for "present and
future generations." Mont. Const. art IX, § 1, cl. 1. For commentary on this
provision, see e.g. Barton H. Thompson, Jr., Constitutionalizing the
Environment: The History and Future of Montana's Environmental Provisions, 64
Mont. L. Rev. 157 (2003); Bryan P. Wilson, State Constitutional Environmental
Rights and Judicial Activism: Is the Big Sky Falling?, 53 Emory L.J. 627 (2004).





n23.  See San Antonio Ind. Sch. Dist. v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 1 (1973); see
generally John E. Coons, William H Clune III & Stephen D. Sugarman, Private
Wealth and Public Education (Harv. U. Press 1970) (arguing during the early days
of school finance litigation that quality of public education should depend not
only on local effort, but on the wealth of the state as a whole) [hereinafter,
Coons et al., Private Wealth]; Jonathan Kozol, Savage Inequalities (Crown Pub.
1991) (discussing spatial inequalities in relation to public education); Anna
Williams Shavers, Rethinking the Equity v. Adequacy Debate: Implications for
Rural School Finance Reform Litigation, 82 Neb. L. Rev. 133, 136-139 (2003)
(recounting the history of school finance litigation and detailing, for example,
the shift from litigation under the U.S. Constitution to litigation based on
state constitutions); but see Serrano v. Priest, 487 P.2d 1241 (Cal. 1971)
(striking down California's school funding scheme as a violation of the Equal
Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution).





n24.  U.S. Census Bureau, Census 2000 Urban and Rural Classification,
http://www.census.gov/geo/www/ua/ua 2k.html (accessed Feb. 18, 2008) (defining
"urban" as including "all territory, population, and housing units located
within an urbanized area (UA) or an urban cluster (UC)," which "delineates the
UA and UC boundaries to encompass densely settled territory, which consists of:
(1) core census block groups or blocks that have a population density of at
least 1,000 people per square mile, and (2) surrounding census blocks that have
an overall density of at least 500 people per square mile.").





n25.  Office of Management and Budget, Standards for Defining Metropolitan and
Micropolitan Statistical Areas,
http://www.census.gov/population/www/metroareas/metroarea.html (updated Aug. 19,
2008).





n26.  Id.; see also infra n. 31 and accompanying text (explaining "micropolitan"
as a sub-category of nonmetropolitan). More than 55 million people - almost 20%
of Americans - live in nonmetro areas, and more than 59 million people - about
21% of Americans - live in rural areas. U.S. Census Bureau, Geographic
Comparison Table, Urban/Rural and Metropolitan/Nonmetropolitan Population,
http://fact finder.census.gov; select Get Data under Decennial Census, select
Geographic Comparison Tables under Census 2000 Summary File 1 (SF 1) 100-Percent
Data, select United States-Urban/rural and Inside/Outside Metropolitan Area
(2000) [hereinafter Geographic Comparison Table].





n27.  According to the 2000 Census, 25.7 million "rural" residents live in
"metropolitan" areas by virtue of being in a metro county. Geographic Comparison
Table, supra n. 26; see Leslie A. Whitener, Bruce A. Weber & Greg J. Duncan,
Introduction: As the Dust Settles: Welfare Reform and Rural America 19 n. 4,
http://www.upjohninst.org/publications/ch1/rdwr.pdf (2002); see also John
Cromartie & Shawn Bucholtz, Defining the "Rural" in Rural America 33,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/June08/PDF/RuralAmerica.pdf (June 2008)
(describing the variety of ways in which the federal government defines
"rural"); U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Briefing Room, Measuring
Rurality: What is Rural?, http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/Rurality/WhatIsRural
(Mar. 22, 2007) (explaining new definitions of urban/rural and metro/nonmetro).





n28.  This spectrum has also been recognized in case law. See Lisa R. Pruitt,
Gender, Geography & Rural Justice, 23 Berk. J. Gender, L. & Just. 338, 346-347,
n. 37 (2008) (collecting cases and other sources) [hereinafter Pruitt, Gender,
Geography and Rural Justice].





n29.  Id.





n30.  U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Briefing Room, Measuring
Rurality: Rural-Urban Continuum Code,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/rurality/RuralUrbCon (Apr. 28, 2004)
[hereinafter Measuring Rurality: Rural-Urban Continuum Codes].





n31.  See U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Briefing Rooms, Measuring
Rurality: What is a Micropolitan Area?,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/Rurality/MicropolitanAreas (Oct. 24, 2006). The
OMB classification scheme further includes six categories within the broad
"nonmetro" category and three sub-classifications within the broad category of
"metro." The nonmetro subcategories vary according to the presence and size of
urban populations within a given nonmetro county and the county's proximity to a
metropolitan area. See Measuring Rurality: Rural-Urban Continuum Codes, supra n.
30.





n32.  Inconsistencies among data sources are occasionally significant. See infra
n. 462-463 (showing an improbable 18% jump in the child poverty rate in
Wheatland County from 16% in 2000 to 34.3% in 2007). A state source showed the
Wheatland County child poverty rate to be 40% in 2005. George Haynes & Julia
Haraldson, Poverty in Montana: Statewide Report 2,
http://www.montana.edu/extension econ/countydata/statewide.pdf (2008).





n33.  Linda M. Lobao, Gregory Hooks & Ann R. Tickamyer, Advancing the Sociology
of Spatial Inequality, in The Sociology of Spatial Inequality 1-3 (Linda M.
Lobao et al. eds., Sunny Press 2007) [hereinafter Lobao et al.] (commenting that
"inequality - the study of who gets what and why - has been at the heart of
sociology since its inception."); see also Linda Lobao, Continuity and Change in
Place Stratification: Spatial Inequality and Middle-Range Territorial Units, 69
Rural Sociology 1, 4-5 (2004) [hereinafter Lobao, Continuity] (noting that "the
outpouring of literature suggests that many non-geographer social scientists
take this spatial turn as innovative, though certainly it builds from older
traditions").





n34.  Lobao et al., supra n. 33, at 2 (noting that "where becomes the focus of
Articles addressing theory, research, and policy").





n35.  Lobao, Continuity, supra n. 33, at 1. Lobao addresses two central
questions: (1) How do markers of stratification, such as those reflected in
economic status, race/ethnicity, gender, health, education, and other statuses,
vary across geographic territory?, and (2) How do places themselves become
markers of stratification? Id.





n36.  See e.g., Daniel T. Lichter et al., Race and the Micro-Scale Spatial
Concentration of Poverty, 1 Cambridge J. Regions, Econ. & Soc. 51 (2008)
(available at http://cjres.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/reprint/1/1/51) (finding that
the majority of poor sub-county areas were "hidden" in low poverty counties and
that poor minorities, whether in cities or in rural areas, are "highly
ghettoized in high-poverty neighborhoods and are highly segregated from whites
and the nonpoor population"); Daniel T. Lichter & Domenico Parisi, Concentrated
Rural Poverty and the Geography of Exclusion,
http://www.aecf.org//media/PublicationFiles/Carsey%20Institute.pdf (Fall 2008)
(looking at neighborhood or block level data); Daniel T. Lichter & Kenneth M.
Johnson, The Changing Spatial Concentration of America's Rural Poor Population,
72 Rural Sociology 331, 338 (2007).





n37.  Lobao, Continuity, supra n. 33, at 2 (discussing issues such as "new
inequality 'hot spots' in the wake of growth," "persistent poverty across
regions," and "seemingly aspatial government policy [that] may have important
spatial outcomes.").





n38.  See generally Lobao, Continuity, supra n. 33 (discussing spatial
inequality in relation to development); Neil Smith, Uneven Development: Nature,
Capital and the Production of Space (U. of Georgia Press 1984).





n39.  Lobao et al., supra n. 33, at 3. One of few scholarly acknowledgements of
rural white disadvantage in legal literature is The Miner's Canary, Enlisting
Race, Resisting Power, Transforming Democracy. In it, Lani Guinier and Gerald
Torres frequently refer to poor rural whites as one of the constituencies who
had been disserved by the Texas educational system prior to the so-called 10%
plan, which guaranteed admission to the University of Texas of any student in
the top 10% of his or her high school graduating class. Lani Guinier & Gerald
Torres, The Miner's Canary: Enlisting Race, Resisting Power, Transforming
Democracy 68, 72-73, 94, 106-107 (Harv. U. Press 2002).





n40.  See Brown v. Bd. of Educ., 347 U.S. 483 (1954) (rejecting as
unconstitutional so-called separate but equal schools); see also infra n.
644-645 and accompanying text (discussing additional cases, including those
regarding apportionment and voting rights).





n41.  See Ann R. Tickamyer, Space Matters! Spatial Inequality in Future
Sociology, 29 Contemporary Sociology 805, 806 (Nov. 2000) ("Space can be
conceptualized in three ways: as place - the particular locale or setting; as
relational units that organize ideas about places and implicitly or explicitly
compare locations, and as scale, or the size of the units to be compared.").
Tickamyer and other rural sociologists whose work reflects a spatial turn have
relied on the work of critical geographers. See e.g. Edward Soja, Postmodern
Geographies: The Reassertion of Space in Critical and Social Theory (Verso Press
1989); Social Relations and Spatial Structures (D. Gregory & J. Urry eds.,
Palgrave Macmillan 1985); David Harvey, The Urbanization of Capital: Studies in
the History and Theory of Capitalist Urbanization (Johns Hopkins U. Press 1985).





n42.  Tickamyer, supra n. 41. Tickamyer observes that "particular places provide
a locale that may operate as a container and backdrop for social action, as a
set of causal factors that shape social structure and process, and finally as an
identifiable territorial manifestation of social relations and practices that
define that particular setting." Id. She further notes that "relations of power,
structures of inequality, and practices of domination and subordination are
embedded in spatial design and relations." Id.





n43.  See id.; Jeffrey S. Sharp & Domenico M. Parisi, Devolution: Who is
Responsible for Rural America?, in Challenges for Rural America in the 21st
Century 353 (David A. Brown & Louis Swanson eds., Pa. State U. Press 2003)
(defining devolution and providing a brief history of it in the U.S. context).





n44.  Lisa Cimbaluk & Mildred Warner, What is the Role of State Aid?
Redistribution vs. Development, 2008 Annual Meeting of Rural Sociological Socy.
1, 1-2 (2008) (on file with author) (citing Louis E. Swanson, Rural
Opportunities, Minimalist Policy and Community-Based Experimentation, 29 Policy
Stud. J. 96 (2001)). The authors' argument that the federal government is better
suited to this function is somewhat ironic in that the U.S. Constitution makes
no provision for the poor, while some state constitutions do. See infra n. 507
and accompanying text and Part V(B).

   James Madison's words in the Federalist Papers reflect the idea that the
federal government is better situated to address inequalities, in part by
limiting local control and the greater tendency to faction associated with it.
"Among the numerous advantages promised by a well constructed Union, none
deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control
the violence of faction." James Madison, The Federalist Papers, No. 10 (Nov. 22,
1787). See also Helen Hershkoff, Welfare Devolution and State Constitutions, 67
Fordham L. Rev. 1403, 1430 (1998-1999) (noting that small communities may not be
as good as higher levels of government at protecting civil rights or fostering
citizen participation and that they also may "not have the resources to carry
out the social welfare preferences of their members"); id. at 1430-1431 (noting
"the greater likelihood of special interest capture" of local communities); see
infra n. 542 (discussing the overhaul of Montana's public defender services from
a county-funded system to a state-funded one).





n45.  In the context of the 2009 economic crisis, many state and local
governments cut services to the needy. Erik Eckholm, States Slashing Social
Programs for Vulnerable, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/12/us/12deficit.html?
r=1&hpw (Apr. 12, 2009). Montana did not experience such cuts, largely due to
federal stimulus funds that were committed to the State during the 2009
legislative session. See Mike Dennison, Legislature 2009 Comes to a Close:
Budget,Sstimulus, Property Tax Measures Approved,
http://www.missoulian.com/Articles/2009/05/04/legislature sub/other/other28.txt
(Apr. 29, 2009).





n46.  Mildred E. Warner, State Policy under Devolution: Redistribution and
Centralization, 54 Natl. Tax J. 541 (2001). As for Montana in particular, one
study shows that the state's provision of health and human services is slightly
more centralized than the average degree of state centralization of such
services. However, Montana's level of state aid is slightly below the national
average among states. Cimbaluk & Warner, supra n. 44, at 9 tbl. 3; id. at 6
(noting that most counties with high fiscal burdens due to low centralization
are in the West and Great Plains).





n47.  Lisa Cimbaluk, Fiscal Devolution and U.S. County Governments 1987-2002,
13-15 (unpublished Master's Thesis, Cornell U., 2009) (on file with author).





n48.  Id. at 12-15. As a related matter, Michelle Wilde Anderson questions the
capacity of county governments to provide services, in part because they are
merely administrative arms of state government. See Michelle Wilde Anderson,
Cities Inside Out: Race, Poverty, and Exclusion at the Urban Fringe, 55 UCLA L.
Rev. 1095, 1140 (2007-2008); see also Kenneth L. Weaver & Judith A. Mathre,
Montana's Local Government Review 12 (rev. ed. 2008) [hereinafter Weaver &
Mathre, Review] (noting the impact of devolution on Montana's local government
entities).





n49.  See Cimbaluk & Warner, supra n. 44, at 1-2; Linda M. Lobao & David S.
Kraybill, The Emerging Roles of County Governments in Metropolitan and
Nonmetropolitan Areas: Findings from a National Survey, 19 Econ. Dev. Q. 245
(2005).





n50.  Mildred E. Warner & James E. Pratt, Spatial Diversity in Local Government
Revenue Effort under Decentralization: A Neural-Network Approach, 23 Env. &
Plan. C: Govt. & Policy 657 (2005); Mildred E. Warner, Local Government
Financial Capacity and the Growing Importance of State Aid, 13 Rural Dev.
Perspectives 27 (1999) (cited in Cimbaluk & Warner, supra note 44, at 8).





n51.  Lobao & Kraybill, supra n. 49.





n52.  See generally Lisa Cimbaluk, Developmental Effects of Federal Aid and
Local Effort under Devolution, 1987-2002, at 10-11 (2009) (collecting sources)
(on file with author).





n53.  Scholars discuss this phenomenon in the context of metropolitan areas,
considering in particular whether more affluent suburbs should subsidize cities.
See Robert P. Inman & Daniel L. Rubinfeld, The Judicial Pursuit of Local Fiscal
Equity, 92 Harv. L. Rev. 1662 (1978-1979); Andrew E. Haughwout & Robert P.
Inman, Should Suburbs Help Their Central City?, Brookings-Wharton Papers on
Urban Affairs 45 (2002) (available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract id=348980).





n54.  See generally Barry L. Locke & Jim Winship, Social Work in Rural America:
Lessons from the Past and Trends for the Future, in Rural Social Work Practice
(Nancy Lohmann & Roger A. Lohmann eds., Colum. U. Press 2005) (discussing the
challenges of rural social work); Lisa R. Pruitt, Place Matters: Domestic
Violence and Rural Difference, 23 Wis. J. L. G. & Socy. 347, Part II(C) (2008)
(collecting sources); Lisa R. Pruitt, Missing the Mark: Welfare Reform and Rural
Poverty, 10 J. of Gender, Race & Justice 439, 472 (2007) [hereinafter Missing
the Mark] (citing Nancy M. Pindus, The Urban Institute, Implementing Welfare
Reform in Rural Communities 12,
http://www.urban.org/UploadedPDF/rural-welfarereform.pdf (2001)).





n55.  See infra n. 630-631 and accompanying text; see also Serrano v. Priest,
487 P.2d 1241 (Cal. 1971) (noting the Supreme Court's "antipathy toward
legislative classifications which [sic] discriminate on the basis of certain
'suspect' personal characteristics").





n56.  This is similar to the legal analysis in school funding cases, although
they do not refer to spatial inequality as such. See e.g.  Lake View Sch. Dist.
No. 25 v. Huckabee, 91 S.W.3d 472, 480-483 (Ark. 2002) (describing Arkansas'
public education funding system and finding that in 2001 Arkansas public schools
received 30% of their revenue from local funds, 60% from state funds, and 10%
from federal funds); Tenn. Small Sch. Sys. v. McWherter, 851 S.W.2d 139, 143-148
(Tenn. 1993) (describing Tennessee public education funding system; finding in
1993, Tennessee public schools received 45% of their revenue from state funds,
45% from local funds, and 10% from the federal funds). The U.S. Supreme Court
has rejected the legal relevance of spatiality in relation to equal protection
on at least one occasion.  McGowan v. Maryland, 366 U.S. 420 (1961) (finding no
invidious discrimination in the context of a challenge to Sunday closure laws
which permitted the Sunday sale of merchandise associated with bathing beaches
and writing in dicta that the "Equal Protection Clause relates to equality
between persons as such, rather than between areas and that territorial
uniformity is not a constitutional prerequisite"). See also Anderson, supra n.
48 (discussing provision of services based on location inside or outside a
city). Sandra Fredman asserts that a "key insight" of substantive equality is
that a group characteristic such as gender or race is not the issue, the
attendant disadvantage is. Sandra Fredman, Providing Equality: Substantive
Equality and the Positive Duty to Provide, 21 S. Afr. J. Hum. Rts. 163 (2005).
Similarly, the focus of this spatial analysis is the disadvantage associated
with place, not on the place per se.





n57.  For a full discussion of the concepts of space and place as used by
critical geographers and increasingly by legal scholars, see e.g. Pruitt,
Gender, Geography and Rural Justice, supra n. 28, at Part III; Hari M. Osofsky,
A Law and Geography Perspective on the New Haven School, 32 Yale J. Intl. L. 421
(2007).





n58.  See Lisa R. Pruitt, Toward a Feminist Theory of the Rural, 2007 Utah L.
Rev. 421 (2007) [hereinafter Pruitt, Toward a Feminist Theory]; Pruitt, Gender,
Geography and Rural Justice, supra n. 28, at 359, 384-385, 388.





n59.  See Daniel T. Lichter, Vincent J. Roscigno, & Dennis J. Condron, Rural
Children and Youth at Risk in Challenges for Rural America in the 21st Century
97 (David L. Brown & Louis E. Swanson eds., Pa. State U. Press 2003)
[hereinafter Lichter et al., Rural Children and Youth at Risk]; Raymond T.
Coward & William M. Smith Jr., Families in Rural Society, in Rural Society in
the U.S.: Issues for the 1980s 77 (Don Dillman & Daryl Hobbs eds., Westview
Press 1982); Lisa R. Pruitt, Rural Rhetoric, 39 Conn. L. Rev. 159, 168-172
(2006) (collecting sources); W.K. Kellogg Found., Perceptions of Rural America
7, http://www.wkkf.org/pubs/FoodRur/Pub2973.pdf (2004) (finding most people
associate the word "rural" with traditional values such as family, community,
and religion).





n60.  See Pruitt, Toward a Feminist Theory of the Rural, supra n. 58 (arguing
that feminist legal scholarship overlooks the power of geography and, in
particular, the legal relevance of rurality to many of the junctures where women
encounter the law); Katherine Porter, Going Broke the Hard Way: The Economics of
Rural Failure, 2005 Wis. L. Rev. 969, 970 (2005) (arguing that an implicit
assumption of legal scholarship is that laws are assessed by their impact in
urban places); Lisa R. Pruitt, The Forgotten Fifth: Rural Youth and Substance
Abuse, 20 Stan. L. & Policy Rev. 359 (2009) [hereinafter Pruitt, The Forgotten
Fifth]; see also Erik Eckholm, Working Poor and Young Hit Hard in Downturn, N.Y.
Times A26 (Nov. 9, 2008) (available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/09/us/09young.html) (reporting from Philadelphia,
with a focus on urban youth).





n61.  See U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Rural Income, Poverty, and
Welfare: Rural Poverty,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/IncomePovertyWelfare/ruralpoverty/ (updated
Jan. 29, 2004) [hereinafter Rural Income, Poverty, and Welfare]; The Rural Great
Plains Collaborative Project, A Rural Road: Exploring Economic Opportunity,
Social Networks, Services and Supports that Affect Rural Families,
http://www.aecf.org/upload/publicationfiles/rf2022k565.pdf (2001) [hereinafter A
Rural Road].





n62.  See Pruitt, The Forgotten Fifth, supra n. 60; Pruitt, Place Matters, supra
n. 54.





n63.  Rural poverty is rarely aggravated by crowding or visible homelessness,
for example. A Rural Road, supra n. 61 at 15. Also, rural poverty is often not
accompanied by high rates of unemployment. Id. (noting that rural communities,
especially in the West, are often marked by a high incidence of adults holding
multiple low-wage jobs); see also fig. 10 (showing unemployment figures for
several Montana counties, which indicate remarkably low unemployment rates in
even high poverty counties); but see generally Cynthia M. Duncan, Worlds Apart
(Yale Univ. Press 2000) (observing similarities and differences among two
persistently poor rural areas in Appalachia and the Mississippi Delta and one
poor rural area in New England and finding high unemployment in the two
persistently poor places).





n64.  The U.S. Census Bureau establishes a federal poverty threshold, which it
adjusts each year for inflation. The Bureau uses the poverty threshold for
statistical calculations concerning the number of people in poverty, and the
Office of Management and Budget uses it as the "official poverty line." The
United States Department of Health and Human Services also releases annual
poverty guidelines that it uses to determine individual financial eligibility
for programs such as Head Start, the Food Stamp Program, and the National School
Lunch Program for free and reduced price meals. U.S. Dept. of Health & Human
Servs., The 2009 HHS Poverty Guidelines,
http://aspe.hhs.gov/poverty/09poverty.shtml (accessed Apr. 17, 2009). The
figures produced by each agency are very similar, but not identical. U.S. Dept.
of Health & Human Servs., The 2009 HHS Poverty Guidelines: One Version of the
[U.S.] Federal Poverty Measure, http://aspe.hhs.gov/poverty/09poverty.shtml
(accessed Apr. 17, 2009).





n65.  U.S. Census Bureau, Poverty Thresholds for 2007 by Size of Family and
Number of Related Children under 18 Years,
http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/threshld/thresh07.html (accessed Aug. 26,
2008). In the same year, the Department of Health and Human Services poverty
guideline set poverty at $10,210 for one person, with an additional $3,480 per
additional person in the household, making the poverty level for a family of
four $20,650. U.S. Dept. of Health & Human Servs., The 2007 HHS Poverty
Guidelines. One Version of the [U.S.] Federal Poverty Measure,
http://aspe.hhs.gov/poverty/07poverty.shtml (2007). For a critique of the
government's failure to take into account differences in rural and urban costs
of living, see Dean Jolliffe, The Cost of Living and the Geographic Distribution
of Poverty, http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/err26/err26.pdf (2006).





n66.  U.S. Census Bureau, Poverty Thresholds, supra n. 65.





n67.  Calvin Beale & Robert Gibbs, Severity and Concentration of Persistent High
Poverty in Nonmetro Areas,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/February06/DataFeature (Feb. 2006). In 2007,
the Department of Health and Human Services set the guideline at $10,210 for one
person. U.S. Dept. of Health & Human Servs., The 2009 HHS Poverty Guidelines,
supra n. 64.





n68.  See Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 340.





n69.  Beale & Gibbs, supra n. 67.





n70.  Id.; U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Rural Poverty at a Glance
4, http://www.ers. usda.gov/publications/rdrr100/rdrr100 lowres.pdf (July 2004)
[hereinafter Rural Poverty at a Glance 2004]; U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ.
Research Serv., Rural Children at a Glance 1, http://www.ers.usda.
gov/publications/EIB1/EIB1.pdf (Mar. 2005) [hereinafter Rural Children at a
Glance].





n71.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 347; see also Lichter & Johnson, supra
n. 36, at 353; Lichter & Parisi, supra n. 36, at 1.





n72.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 344. Nearly 30% of the nonmetro poor
live in counties with poverty rates of 20% or higher, while this is true of only
16% of the total population and only 13% of the metro population. Id. at 345.
See also infra n. 84 and accompanying text.





n73.  See e.g. Daniel Lichter et al., National Estimates of Racial Segregation
in Rural and Small-Town America, 44 Demography 563, 567 (2007) (finding more
spatial concentration of Blacks than of Latina/os).





n74.  Daniel T. Lichter et al., Micro-scale Spatial Concentration, supra n. 36;
see Janet M. Fitchen, Endangered Spaces, Enduring Places: Change, Identity, and
Survival in Rural America 116-118 (Westview Press 1991) (giving examples from
New York state of how county-level data can be deceptive).





n75.  Lichter & Parisi, supra n. 36, at 1. This phenomenon is reflected in
school district data. The poverty rates in the Gallatin County high schools
featured there are 6% and 12%, reflecting different economic circumstances of
different communities within an affluent county. See fig. 19. Much greater
differences in poverty rates are evident among Stillwater County schools, where
the poverty rate of students in elementary school is as high as 20% at Cooke
City Elementary and as low as 3% at Fishtail Elementary. See Federal Education
Budget Project, Montana School Districts, http://www.newamerica. net/files/ebp
spreadsheets/FEBP-MT.xls; select Cooke City Elementary, Montana, select Fishtail
Elementary, Montana (accessed Mar. 31, 2009) [hereinafter Federal Education
Budget Project]. The range in Wheatland County is from 11% poverty at Harlowton
Elementary to 41% at Judith Gap Elementary. Id. at select Harlowton Elementary,
Montana, select Judith Gap Elementary, Montana.





n76.  One exception is funding for public education, which varies from school
district to school district even within a given county. See infra Part VI.





n77.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 336.





n78.  Id. at 1; Lichter et al., Micro-scale Spatial Concentration, supra n. 36,
at 51.





n79.  Lichter & Parisi, supra n. 36, at 1.





n80.  See Mindy S. Crandall & Bruce A. Weber, Local Social and Economic
Conditions, Spatial Concentrations of Poverty, and Poverty Dynamics, 86 Amer. J.
Agric. Econ. 1276, 1281 (2004), discussed infra at n. 726. This is recognized in
the U.S. government's approach to school funding on the basis of student
poverty. Under No Child Left Behind, Title I funding can include "base" Title I
funding, "concentration grants" for school-wide funding in school districts with
higher levels of poverty, and "targeted grants" for districts with impoverished
students, but with too few such students to qualify for school-wide funding.
U.S. Dept. of Educ., Improving Basic Programs Operated by Local Educational
Agencies (Title I, Part A), http://www.ed.gov/programs/titleiparta/index.html
(accessed May 24, 2009); see infra n. 697 (quoting Amartya Sen).





n81.  See infra n. 616-619 and accompanying text (discussing Plyler v. Doe and
Brown v. Bd of Educ.).





n82.  See Rural Income, Poverty, and Welfare, supra n. 61. Nearly 450 nonmetro
counties were classified as high-poverty in 2000. Id. Of these, three-fourths
were further classified as Black, Hispanic, or American Indian high-poverty
counties. High-poverty areas that reflect the income of racial or ethnic
minorities are "identified by one of two conditions: (1) over half of the poor
population in the county is from one of these minority groups or (2) over half
of the poor population is non-Hispanic White, but the high-poverty rate of a
minority group pushes the county's poverty rate over 20 percent." Id.





n83.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 341.





n84.  Id. at 344. Among counties with even higher poverty rates - 40% and above
- the declines during the 1990s were even sharper, from 52 counties down to 12.
Id. at 341-344.





n85.  Hous. Assistance Council, Taking Stock: Rural People, Poverty and Housing
at the Turn of the 21st Century 20,
http://ruralhome.org/pubs/hsganalysis/ts2000/index.htm (2002) [hereinafter
Taking Stock] (noting that "these counties with extreme poverty rates are
disproportionally concentrated in the nation's high need rural areas,
particularly those with large Native American populations").





n86.  David J. Cheal, New Poverty: Families in Postmodern Society 48 (Greenwood
Press 1996).





n87.  David Brady, Rethinking the Sociological Measurement of Poverty, 81 Social
Forces 715, 728 (2003).





n88.  Depth of poverty is generally expressed in relation to poverty
concentration. For example, the U.S. government will note the percentage of
families in a given place (the concentration) whose incomes are a certain degree
below the poverty line (the depth). Thus, the U.S. Census reports that 5.2% of
the population lived below 50% of the poverty level in 2007. U.S. Census Bureau,
Number and Percent of People Below 50 Percent of Poverty Level: 1975 to 2007,
http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/histpov/perindex.html; select Table 22
(accessed Apr. 19, 2009).





n89.  Coalition of Human Needs, Depth of Poverty by State 2006,
http://www.chn.org/pdf/2007/depth statepov.pdf (2007).





n90.  Id. (noting that approximately 54,000 Montanans (6%) lived below 50% of
the federal poverty level in 2006).





n91.  Signe-Mary McKernan & Caroline Ratcliffe, The Effect of Specific Welfare
Policies on Poverty 1 (The Urban Inst. 2006); Natl. Ctr. for Law & Econ. Just.,
Poverty in the United States: A Snapshot,
http://www.nclej.org/poverty-in-the-us.php (accessed Mar. 2, 2009). Among the
federal government's uses of the depth-of-poverty metric is that made by the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). HUD determines subsidy
eligibility based on depth of poverty as reflected in the local area median
income. Margery Austin Turner & G. Thomas Kinglsey, Federal Programs for
Addressing Low-Income Housing Needs: A Policy Primer 3 (2008). Under the
three-tier HUD scheme, "low-income is less than 80 percent of median, very low
income is less than 50 percent of median, and extremely low income is less than
30 percent of median." Id. at 19.





n92.  Haynes & Haraldson, supra n. 32.





n93.  Beale & Gibbs, supra n. 67; see also Mark Harvey et al., The Short-term
Impact of Welfare Reform in Persistently Poor Areas, in Rural Dimensions of
Welfare Reform 375, 404 (Bruce A. Weber et al. eds., W. E. Upjohn Inst. 2002).





n94.  Kathleen Pickering et al., Welfare Reform in Persistent Rural Poverty 30
(Pa. St. Univ. Press 2006); see also generally Duncan, Worlds Apart, supra n. 63
(reporting on a longitudinal study of two persistent poverty counties).





n95.  Rural Income, Poverty, and Welfare, supra n. 61 (reporting a total 386
counties).





n96.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 338.





n97.  Id. Of these nonmetro high poverty counties, 376 are among the 386 total
persistent poverty counties. Id. at 340 tbl. 3.





n98.  Beale & Gibbs, supra n. 67.





n99.  Id. For nonmetro poor Hispanics, the percentage is 30%. Id. This compares
to only one in seven nonmetro, poor non-Hispanic whites living in persistent
poverty. Id.





n100.  Id.





n101.  Rural Children at a Glance, supra n. 70, at 1 (reporting figures of 21%
and 18% respectively). The rate of poverty for children under age five was 20.8%
in 2007. U.S. Census Bureau, Percent in Poverty, 2007, Children Under Age 5,
http://www.census.gov//did/www/saipe/data/statecounty/maps/iy 2007/und5 Pct
Poor2007.pdf (2008). See also infra n. 116 and accompanying text.





n102.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; refer to 2005-2007, refer to ACS data
for the United States, refer to Economic Characteristics.





n103.  The Annie E. Casey Found., Strengthening Rural Families: the High Cost of
Being Poor 1, http://www.eric.ed.gov/ERICDocs/data/ericdocs2sql/content storage
01/0000019b/80/1b/ae/81.pdf (2004) (noting that rates of rural child poverty are
higher than urban child poverty, including within each minority group). In 2005,
20% of nonmetro children under the age of 18 were living in impoverished
households, compared to 17.2% of their metro counterparts. Cornelia Butler
Flora, Jan L. Flora & Susan Flora, Rural Communities: Legacy & Change 99-102,
tbl. 4.1, fig. 4.1 (3d ed., Westview Press 2008).





n104.  See Rural Children at a Glance, supra n. 70, at 1. In 2003, the rate of
poverty was 18% among children, but only 12.5% among all age groups. Id.





n105.  See supra n. 30.





n106.  Rural Children at a Glance, supra n. 70, at 3. In 2000, the child poverty
rates in non-metro counties with populations of 20,000 or more was 18%, while
the rate in completely rural counties was 22%. Id. at 3.





n107.  See id.





n108.  Sarah Savage, Children in Central Cities and Rural Communities Experience
High Rates of Poverty 1, http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/FS
RuralChildPoverty 08.pdf (Summer 2008).





n109.  Id. (reporting that 25% of children in urban communities live in
poverty).





n110.  Id. at 3.





n111.  Id.





n112.  Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 339 n. 9.





n113.  Id. at 345.





n114.  Id. at 339.





n115.  Id. at 345.





n116.  Savage, supra n. 108, at 1; see also April Land, Children in Poverty: In
Search of State and Federal Constitutional Protection in the Wake of Welfare
"Reforms," 2000 Utah L. Rev. 779 (2000) (collecting sources); Susan Pace Hamill,
The Vast Injustice Perpetuated by State and Local Tax Policy, 37 Hofstra L. Rev.
117 (2008) (collecting sources). The consequences of child poverty are
especially devastating for very young children. See e.g. Kenneth Y. Chay,
Jonathan Guryam & Bhashkar Mazumder, Birth Cohort and the Black-White
Achievement Gap: The Role of Health Soon After Birth,
http://www.chicagofed.org/publications/workingpapers/wp2008 20.pdf (Oct. 2008).





n117.  U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Food Security in the United
States: Statistics and Graphics,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/FoodSecurity/stats graphs.htm#how many
(accessed Jan. 4, 2009); select "Food Security Status of U.S. Households, 2008"





n118.  Id. select "How Many People Lived in Food-Insecure Households?"





n119.  Food insecurity is defined as at times being "uncertain of having, or
unable to acquire, enough food for all household members because they had
insufficient money and other resources for food." Id. at 4-5. Very low food
security occurs when "food intake of one or more members was reduced and eating
patterns disrupted because of insufficient money and other resources for food."
Id. at 4.





n120.  See e.g. Kai A. Schafft et al., Food Deserts and Overweight
Schoolchildren: Evidence from Pennsylvania, 74 Rural Sociology 153 (2009)
(finding that school districts in areas with no nearby supermarket were
"structurally and economically disadvantaged" and had higher rates of childhood
obesity). These problems are aggravated by the challenge of rural spatiality.
Natl. Pub. Radio, Morning Edition, California's Central Valley Disconnect: Rich
Land, Poor Nutrition (July 10, 2009) (available at
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=106061080).





n121.  Rural Children at a Glance, supra n. 70, at 5.





n122.  Id.





n123.  Shelley Waters Boots, Jennifer Macomber & Anna Danziger, Family Security:
Supporting Parents' Employment and Children's Development 14,
http://www.urban.org/Publications/900832.html (The Urban Inst., July 2008)
(substantiating the efficacy of the HeadStart program); Child Welfare League,
Child Care and Development: Facts and Figures,
http://www.cwla.org/programs/daycare/facts. htm (finding high-risk participants
in "quality intervention program were less likely to need special education
throughout school, drop out of high school, and commit crimes" than were control
group; at age 27, they also earned higher salaries than control group"); David
C. Illig & Cal. Research Bureau, Birth to Kindergarten: The Importance of the
Early Years, http://www.library.ca.gov/CRB/98/01/98001. pdf (Feb. 1998)
(suggesting that benefits of childhood intervention programs outweigh their
costs).





n124.  Patrice L. Engle & Maureen M. Black, The Effect of Poverty on Child
Development and Educational Outcomes, 1136 Annals N.Y. Acad. Sci. 243, 244
(2008); see also Children's Def. Fund, Child Poverty in America 3,
http://www.childrensdefense.org/child-research-data-publications/data/child-pove
rty-in-america.pdf (2008) (noting that "only 15 percent of low-income eighth
grade students were proficient in reading, compared with 39 percent of their
higher income classmates" and "only 15 percent of low-income eighth grade
students were proficient in math, compared with 42 percent of higher-income
students").





n125.  Engle & Black, supra n. 124, at 244.





n126.  Id. at 247.





n127.  Children's Def. Fund, Cradle to Prison Pipeline: Montana 1,
http://www.childrensdefense.org/child-research-data-publications/data/cradle-pri
son-pipeline-montana-2008-fact-sheet.pdf (2007).





n128.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Montana," refer to 2005-2007 ACS
data, refer to Economic Characteristics. This is up from the data in a Montana
report, which showed 17.2% of children living in poverty in 2005. Haynes &
Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 1.





n129.  Three counties in Montana are categorized as persistently poor - Glacier,
Blaine, and Big Horn. Rural Poverty Research Inst., Demographic and Economic
Profile: Montana 7, http://www.rupri.org/Forms/Montana.pdf (2006). According to
the 2000 Census, 822 children in Blaine County lived below the poverty line
(36.5%). In Big Horn County, 1,646 children lived below the poverty line (37%).
Finally, in Glacier County, 1,495 children lived in poverty (32.7%). These 3,963
Montana children represent approximately 9.6% of the Montana children living in
poverty. American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Big Horn, Montana," "Blaine,
Montana," and "Glacier, Montana," refer to 2000 data, refer to Economic
Characteristics.





n130.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Montana" refer to 2005-2007 ACS
data, refer to Economic Characteristics.





n131.  Supra n. 102 and accompanying text.





n132.  Savage, supra n. 108, at 2.





n133.  Id.





n134.  Rural Definitions: State Level Maps, Montana, supra n. 12, at 8.





n135.  Id.; see supra n. 26 (defining "micropolitan").





n136.  Rural Policy Research Inst., Demographic and Economic Profile: Montana 1,
http://www.rupri. org/Forms/Montana.pdf (May 2006).





n137.  America FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Billings, Montana," refer to
2005-2007 ACS data.





n138.  The USDA's Economic Research Service classified 440 of 2,308 nonmetro
counties in the U.S. as "high poverty" counties. Nationally, nonmetro counties
have average poverty rates of 14.6%. Rural Income, Poverty, and Welfare, supra
n. 61.





n139.  Supra n. 30 (describing the continuum in greater detail). Nationally, the
Economic Research Service "high poverty" designation is given to any nonmetro
(category 4-9) county meeting the high poverty criteria. In Montana, the 12
counties identified as high poverty counties are primarily rural. Six of them
are category nine (most rural designation) counties (Rosebud, Blaine, Garfield,
Liberty, Petroleum, and Wheatland); three are category eight counties (Chouteau,
Golden Valley, and Judith Basin); two are category seven counties (Glacier and
Roosevelt); and one is a category six county (Big Horn). U.S. Dept. Agric.,
Econ. Research Serv., Briefing Room, 2003 Rural-Urban Codes for Montana,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Data/RuralUrbanContinuumCodes/2003/LookUpRUCC.asp?C=R&ST
=MT (Aug. 18, 2003) [hereinafter 2003 Rural-Urban Codes for Montana].





n140.  U.S. Dept. Agric., Econ Research Serv., 2007 County-Level Poverty Rates
for Montana, http://www.ers.usda.gov/data/povertyrates/; select Montana (Dec. 5,
2008) [hereinafter 2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana].





n141.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Big Horn County, Montana,"
search "Glacier County, Montana," search "Blaine County, Montana," refer to 2000
data.





n142.  Rural Poverty at a Glance 2004, supra n. 70, at 4.





n143.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140. The county
with the highest child poverty rate was Roosevelt County at 41.7%. Id. The other
counties listed as having child poverty rates above 30% in 2007 are Big Horn,
Blaine, Glacier, Golden Valley, Lake, Musselshell, and Wheatland. Id.





n144.  The other counties in Montana with child poverty rates over 30% are
Wheatland County, 34.3%; Golden Valley, 38.9%; Blaine County, 32.5%; Musselshell
County, 31.1%; and Lake County, 33%. 2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for
Montana, supra n. 140; see also Map 2.





n145.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n146.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "United States," refer to
2005-2007 ACS data, refer to Economic Characteristics.





n147.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 143 (accessed May
3, 2009).





n148.  Id. The third lowest child poverty rate is in Fallon County, at 11.7%.
Fallon County is in far eastern Montana, on the state line with North Dakota. It
is a very rural county, with only 1,410 households and 2,837 residents. American
FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Fallon County, Montana," refer to 2000 data. Its
relative affluence is apparently explained by the presence of oil and gas;
Fallon County has the second greatest oil production in the state and is also a
major producer of natural gas. 51 Mont. Dept. of Natural Resources & Conserv.,
Oil and Gas Conserv. Div., Annual Review 12:1 (2007) (reporting production of
7.2 million barrels of oil in 2007).





n149.  See infra Part IV(D).





n150.  Haynes & Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 12.





n151.  Mont. Dept. of Commerce, State of Montana Analysis of Impediments to Fair
Housing and Fair Housing Choice 17, http://housing.mt.gov/Hous CP
AnalysisImpedFrHsg.asp (Nov. 2004).





n152.  Id. at 19.





n153.  Id. These were, in order (1) Petroleum County, 33.9%; (2) Roosevelt
County, 31.3%; (3) Garfield County, 30.7%; (4) Glacier County, 28.6%; (5) Blaine
County, 28.2%; (7) Wheatland County, 27.7%. Id. (giving percentages of extremely
low income households in each county).





n154.  These were, in order, (46) Carbon County, 19.8%; (47) Missoula County,
19.6%; (48) Flathead County, 18.2%; (49) Yellowstone County, 18.2%; (53) Lewis
and Clark County, 16.1%; (54) Jefferson County, 15.3%; and (56) Gallatin County,
14.2%. Id. (reporting percentage of households in the county that qualify as
extremely low income households).





n155.  Id.





n156.  Mark Nord, Margaret Andrews & Steven Carlson, Household Food Security in
the United States 54-55, http://www.ers.usda.gov/Publications/ERR49/ERR49.pdf
(Nov. 2007); see also supra n. 119 (defining term).





n157.  Nord et al, supra n. 156, at 55. Still, food insecurity in Montana
declined between the 2001-2003 and 2004-2006 ERS reporting periods, and it was
one of only four states to experience a significant decline in the prevalence of
food insecurity between these periods. Id. at 54.





n158.  Id. at 55.





n159.  Id. Very low food security occurs when "food intake of one or more
members was reduced and eating patterns disrupted because of insufficient money
and other resources for food." Id. at 4.





n160.  Id. at 55.





n161.  Children's Def. Fund, Child Poverty in America 2,
http://cdf.childrensdefense.org/site/Doc Server/Child Poverty in America August
2008 .pdf?docID=8341 (Aug. 26, 2008) [hereinafter Child Poverty in America]
(noting that young children in poverty "are considerably less likely to
recognize all letters, count to twenty or higher or be able to write their first
names").





n162.  Children's Def. Fund, Child Care Basics 2,
http://www.childrensdefense.org/child-research-
data-publications/data/child-care-basics.pdf (Apr. 2005).





n163.  Id.; Child Poverty in America, supra n. 161, at 2 (noting that "large
differences between children in poor and non-poor families in indicators such as
physical aggression have been documented at ages as young as 17 months"). Early
displays of aggressive behavior are "highly predictive of criminal behavior
later in life." Child Poverty in America, supra n. 161, at 3.





n164.  Child Care Basics, supra n.162, at 2; see also supra n. 123 (discussing
HeadStart and other early intervention programs).





n165.  See Kristin Smith, Carsey Institute, Employment Rates Higher Among Rural
Mothers Than Urban Mothers 1, http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/FS
ruralmothers 07.pdf (Fall 2007) (reporting that rural mothers consistently have
been employed at higher rates than urban mothers for 25 years, even as a higher
percentage of all urban women (62%) were employed than rural women (60%) in
2004); Kristin Smith, Carsey Institute, Working Hard for the Money: Trends in
Women's Employment: 1970-2007 3,
http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/Report-Smith-WorkingHard.pdf
(2008) (reporting that more than 70% of rural women with children under the age
of six work for pay).





n166.  The Annie E. Casey Found., Kids Count Data Center, Comparison by Topic,
http://www.kids count.org/datacenter/compare results.jsp?i=430; select
Education, select Children enrolled in nursery school, preschool or
kindergarten, by Age Group (accessed Mar. 10, 2009).





n167.  Children's Def. Fund, Montana: Early Childhood Development Facts 1,
http://cdf.childrens defense.org/site/DocServer/mt.pdf?docID=771 (Mar. 2005).
Both federal and state funds finance the program, and it faced the prospect of
state budget cuts during the 2009 legislative session. Jennifer McKee, IR State
Bureau, Day Care Wants Increase in Program Funds,
http://www.helenair.com/Articles/2009/01/19/state/55st 090110 daycare.txt (Jan.
19, 2009).





n168.  William P. O'Hare, Rural Children Increasingly Rely on Medicaid and State
Child Health Care Programs for Medical Care 2,
http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/documents/RuralChildHealth final. pdf (Spring
2007) [hereinafter O'Hare, Medicaid].





n169.  Id. at 3.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Id. at 4.





n172.  Mont. Kids Count, 2007 Montana Kids Count 7,
http://www.kidscount.org/kcnetwork/issues/documents/montana.pdf (2007).





n173.  O'Hare, Medicaid, supra n. 168, at 4.





n174.  Mont. Dept. of Pub. Health & Human Servs., DHPPS Program Statistics,
http://www.dphhs.mt. gov/statisticalinformation/tanfstats/tanfstatistics.shtml;
select "State Fiscal Year 2002 Statistics," select Table 12 (accessed Jan. 4,
2009) (showing 7,914 CHIP enrollees); Id. select "State Fiscal Year 2008
Statistics," select Table 12, showing 13,289 enrollees.





n175.  An additional 20,000 Montana children are expected to be covered by SCHIP
after the U.S. House voted in January 2009, to expand the program. Mike
Dennison, Helenair, CHIP Expansion Passes US House 289-139,
http://www.helenair.com/Articles/2009/01/15/state/65st 090115 chip.txt (Jan. 15,
2009).





n176.  Dennison, Legislature 2009 comes to a close, supra n. 45.





n177.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Montana," refer to 2005-2007 ACS
data, refer to ACS Demographic Estimates. Nationally, only .8% of the U.S.
population is American Indian or Alaska Native. Id. at search "United States,"
refer to 2005-2007 data, refer to ACS Demographic Estimates.





n178.  Monetary Contributions of Reservations to the State of Montana 1-2
(Bureau of Bus. & Econ. Research, Univ. of Mont. Nov. 2007).





n179.  Joanna M. Wagner, Improving Native American Access to Federal Funding for
Economic Development through Partnerships with Rural Communities, 32 Am. Indian
L. Rev. 525, 531 (2007). Indeed, because reservations are territory, they are an
excellent example of the intersection of spatiality with race or ethnicity.





n180.  Rural Children at a Glance, supra n. 70, at 2. In 2003, more than a third
of these children lived in single-parent families. Id. at 2. Of American Indian
children in mother-only families, 41% live in poverty. Id. at 4. Montana's
Native American women have higher fertility rates than other women in Montana,
with 98 births per 1000 Native American women of childbearing age compared to
60.7 births per 1000 for all Montana women of childbearing age. Mont. Kids
Count, 2008 Montana Kids Count Data Book 9
http://www.montanakidscount.org/Portals/6/2008%20Montana%20Kids%20Count%20
Data%20Book.pdf (2008) [hereinafter Montana Kids Count]. The fertility rate for
Native American teens in Montana is much higher than the fertility rate for all
teen females in the state, with 100.9 births per 1000 Native American teen
females compared with 35.9 births per 1000 for all teen females in the state.
Id. Babies born to Montana's Native American women are more likely to be
categorized as low birth weight, and they have a higher infant mortality rate as
compared to other Montana population groups. Id.





n181.  U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv., Rural Income, Poverty and
Welfare: High-Poverty Counties,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/IncomePovertyWelfare/HighPoverty/Analysis.htm
(updated Jan. 29, 2004) [hereinafter High-Poverty Counties]





n182.  Id. Native American high-poverty counties have 5.9 poor children for each
poor person aged 65 or older. This compares with ratios of 4.2 for every poor
older person in Hispanic high-poverty counties and 2.6 in nonmetro counties that
are not high poverty. Id.





n183.  These counties are Big Horn, Blaine, Chouteau, Glacier, Roosevelt, and
Rosebud. According to the 2000 census, the overall poverty rates for these
counties were 29.2%, 28.1%, 20.5%, 27.3%, 32.4%, and 22.4% respectively. Rural
Income, Poverty & Welfare, supra n. 61; select Native American high poverty
counties map, select view a list of these counties. The 2007 poverty rates
reflect some changes on overall poverty rates for these counties, and would
possibly remove Chouteau and Rosebud counties from the high-poverty county list
because they show overall poverty rates of 18.1% and 19%. All counties still
show high rates of poverty for children at 34%, 32.5%, 26.1%, 34%, 41.7%, and
27.3%, respectively. 2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n184.  High-Poverty Counties, supra n. 181.





n185.  Id.; select Native American high poverty counties map, select view a list
of these counties. Showing 3,126 Native Americans in Blaine County out of a
total population of 6,945, or 45% of the total population.





n186.  Rural Income, Poverty, & Welfare, supra n. 61 select Native American high
poverty counties map, select view a list of these counties. Showing 3,126 Native
Americans in Blaine County out of a total population of 6,945, or 45% of the
total population.





n187.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140 (estimating the
child poverty rate for Roosevelt County at 41.7% and the general poverty rate at
30.3%).





n188.  According to the 2000 Census, the overall poverty rates for these
counties were Garfield 21.5%, Golden Valley 25.8%, Judith Basin 21.2%, Liberty
20.3%, Petroleum 23.2%, and Wheatland 20.4%. Rural Income, Poverty & Welfare,
supra n. 61; select other high-poverty counties map, select view a list of these
counties.





n189.  High-Poverty Counties, supra n. 181; select other high-poverty counties
map, select view a list of these counties.





n190.  U.S. Census Bureau, Small Area Income & Poverty Estimates, State and
County Estimates for 2007,
http://www.census.gov/did/www/saipe/data/statecounty/data/2007.html; select
est07all.xls (updated Jan. 2, 2009). However, Lake County was added to the list
of high poverty counties in 2007. Id.





n191.  Id. These are Garfield 21.1%, Golden Valley 38.9%, Judith Basin 22.8%,
Petroleum 20.8%, and Wheatland 34.3%. Liberty County is now slightly below the
20% threshold, with 19.2% of children in poverty. Id.





n192.  See James J. Lopach, Local Government under the 1972 Montana
Constitution, 51 Mont. L. Rev. 458, 467-468 (1990) (noting that counties were
not designed to be "true local governments" but were created to help the state
"administer important state duties and services outside the capital;" also
observing that counties have ordinance-making power only over animal control).
Professor Michelle Wilde Anderson elsewhere asserts that county government does
not facilitate a meaningful voice in political participation because counties
are merely "passive administrative subdivisions of state government." Anderson,
supra n. 48, at 1140.





n193.  Among these are the cities of Butte and Anaconda. Butte-Silver Bow and
Anaconda-Deer Lodge are the State's only two consolidated city-county
governments. Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 3. See also infra n.
344-350 (discussing initiative of Billings and Yellowstone County to provide
public health services through RiverStone Health).





n194.  See supra n. 44 (discussing Cimbaluk & Warner).





n195.  See infra n. 241-244 and accompanying text (discussing TANF, SNAP and
other federal assistance programs); see also infra n. 257 (discussing federal
assistance programs for American Indian populations).





n196.  Mont. Dept. of Pub. Health & Human Servs.,
http://www.dphhs.mt.gov/index.shtml; select Get Public Assistance (accessed May
24, 2009). When seeking information about DPHHS public services in a particular
county, select Contact Us, select Regional Offices, select DPHHS Services by
County. This brings up the same list of services for each county, suggesting
that all services are available to residents of all counties. These services
include: Blind & Low Vision Services, Child & Family Services, Child Care
Licensing, Child Care Resource & Referral, Child Support Enforcement,
Developmental Disabilities Program, Human & Community Services, Human Resource
Development Council, Montana Area Agencies on Aging, Montana Telecommunications
Access Program, Prevention Resource Center County Directory, Senior & Long Term
Care, and Vocational Rehabilitation Programs. Id.





n197.  Mont. Dept. of Pub. Health & Human Servs., Co. Offices of Pub.
Assistance, http://www.
dphhs.mt.gov/contactus/humancommunityservices.shtml#hcsddaniels (accessed July
15, 2009). Glacier and Rosebud counties each have two offices. Id. Under the
Montana Code Annotated, "there must be established in each county ... one or
more local offices of public assistance. If conditions warrant, two or more
counties may be combined into one administrative unit and the department may use
the same local office of public assistance and staff to administer public
assistance in the combined counties." Mont. Code. Ann. § 53-2-301.





n198.  Those counties whose residents have to travel to another county to access
services tend to be sparsely populated. These include Wheatland, Granite,
Madison, Broadwater, Golden Valley, Judith Basin and Petroleum. Id.





n199.  Id. For example, the Terry, Montana, office is open for McCone County
residents only on the first Monday of each month. Id. The Baker office is open
to Powder River County residents only from 10 am until noon on two days each
month. Id. The Baker office is open to Carter County residents only two days
each month, by appointment. Id.





n200.  Mont. Dept. of Pub. Health & Human Servs., Child and Family Servs. Div.,
Organizational Chart (Jan. 30, 2007) (on file with author). The five regional
offices are in Helena, Miles City, Billings, Great Falls, and Missoula. These
regional offices also deliver services to the elderly and handicapped, as well
as services such as vocational rehabilitation programs.





n201.  Telephone interview with Kathy Munson, Office Manager, Montana Department
of Children and Family Services (Aug. 21, 2009).





n202.  Mont. Code. Ann. § 50-2-104.





n203.  Id. at § 50-2-116.





n204.  Id. at§§50-2-104 to 50-2-107.





n205.  Id. at § 50-2-107. For example, Fergus, Golden Valley, Judith, Petroleum,
Musselshell and Wheatland counties established the Central Montana Health
District. The Central Montana Health District has one Board of Health that
serves all of its counties and employs one public health nurse to serve as its
public health officer. Telephone Interview with Sue Woods, Public Health Nurse,
Central Montana Health District (Aug. 3, 2009).





n206.  Mont. Code. Ann. § 50-2-116.





n207.  Interview with Sue Woods, supra n. 205.





n208.  See Women, Infants and Children Home Page, http://www.fns.usda.gov/wic/
(accessed Aug. 20, 2009). WIC provides federal grants to states for supplemental
foods, health care referrals, and nutrition education for low-income pregnant,
breastfeeding, and non-breastfeeding postpartum women, and to infants and
children up to age five who are found to be at nutritional risk.





n209.  Mont. Code. Ann § 15-10-420. This provision limits the total mills that
may be levied each budget year by all local government jurisdictions to that
number of mills necessary to raise the same amount of property tax revenue
realized the preceding year with an adjustment permitted to offset one half of
the average inflation of the preceding three years. Thus, while counties are
authorized by the state to impose property tax mill levies for specific services
or purposes, this section of the state code limits the total amount of revenue
that can be collected, unless approved by a specific local election on the
question. See Mont. Code. Ann § 15-10-425.





n210.  Id. at § 20-9-331.





n211.  Id. at § 41-5-1803.





n212.  Id. at § 20-7-714.





n213.  Id. at § 7-6-2512.





n214.  Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 2 (suggesting that the
expectations are not only from local citizens, but also from "national and state
mandates").





n215.  Id.





n216.  Id. at 3. Weaver and Mathre argue that the salaries of these officials
are a relatively small part of any county's budget and therefore that
consolidation of counties would not lead to great cost savings because the cost
of providing services would remain similar across "one huge consolidated county"
as it is for two "component counties." Id. at 9-10. While the cost of county
officials' salaries and of running a court house may be a relatively small part
of the budget of a more populous county, they are a much more significant part
of the budget for a sparsely populated county that operates on a low budget. For
a debate on the relative merits of small administrative units versus larger ones
in relation to rural local governments, see Tom Brokow, Small-Town Big Spending,
N.Y. Times A27 (Apr. 20, 2009); Bill Bishop, Brokaw Says Big Counties Cheaper
Than Small. They Aren't, Daily Yonder (Apr. 29, 2009) (available at
http://www.dailyyonder.com/brokaw-says-big-counties-cheaper-small-they-arent/200
9/04/29/2088).





n217.  Mont. Code Ann. § 15-1-120.





n218.  Kenneth L. Weaver, Governing Montana at the Grassroots: Local Government
Structure, Process and Politics 165 (2d ed., MSU Bozeman Local Government Center
2005) [hereinafter Weaver, Grassroots].





n219.  Mont. Code Ann. § 15-1-121; see infra n. 233 and accompanying text.





n220.  Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 163. In spite of the inequalities
among counties that are created by this funding scheme, the combination of
property and discrete tourism-related taxes that fund Montana's state and local
government has been assessed as one of the least regressive schemes in the
country. Hamill, supra n. 116, at 143 n. 96 (concluding that, among the tax
schemes of all 50 states, Montana is in a group with seven other states that has
"among the least regressive in the country and also imposes some of the smallest
tax burdens on the poorest households.") The tax gap between the poorest and
wealthiest Montana households is 0.6%, with the poorest households paying 4.9%
and the wealthiest paying 5.5%. Id. at 143 n. 96. The property tax burden on
lower middle class households is 2-3%. Id. at app. E, tbl. 3.





n221.  Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 8-9 (noting that the greatest
portion of the more than $1 billion in property taxes collected each year goes
to fund K-12 education (64%), while about 18% goes to county government and
about 12% is disbursed to support cities and towns).





n222.  The taxable value of the property is determined by multiplying the
property's assessed or market value by a tax rate that is fixed for that class
of property. See Understanding Montana School Finance and School District
Budgets, infra n. 300, at 30. The tax rate for most classes of property is about
3%, but it is higher for some classes, such as telecommunication utilities and
electric generating properties (6%); pipelines and non-electric generating
properties of electric utilities (12%), and net proceeds of mine and mining
claims (100%). Id. at 30-31.





n223.  Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 163-164; see also Understanding
Montana School Finance and School District Budgets, infra n. 300, at 32
(expressing mill value as taxable value multiplied times .001).





n224.  Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 163.





n225.  Montana also uses the phrase "tax rate" to refer to the rate by which
property's assessed value is converted to its taxable value. See Mont. Dept. of
Revenue, Biennial Report July 1, 2006 to June 30, 2008 112 (revised January 13,
2009) [hereinafter Montana, Biennial Report].





n226.  Montana State University, Local Government Center, Montana Local
Government Profiles (Fiscal Year 2007) [hereinafter Montana Local Govt.
Profiles, Fiscal Year 2007]. (Montana State University, Local Government Center
2007).





n227.  Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 163-164 (reporting a range from a
low mill value of about $1,548 (or $1.54 million if expressed as taxable value)
in Petroleum County to a high of about $205,000 in Yellowstone County). For
Fiscal Year 2004, the average mill value of 127 municipalities (not including
the two consolidated governments) was $4,972. It varied from a low of $36 in
Ismay, the state's smallest town, to a high of more than $121,000 in the largest
city, Billings. Id. See also Montana Local Govt. Profiles, Fiscal Year 2007,
infra n. 226.





n228.  Id.; Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 9. The way in which the
value of local property limits the ability of a locale to generate revenue under
such funding schemes was the focus of Justice Marshall's dissent in San Antonio
Ind. Schools v. Rodriguez. See infra nn. 632, 653 and accompanying text.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Id. Weaver and Mathre note that this has occasionally raised the question
of whether Montana has "too many, too small" governments, but they do not
mention any complaints about the inequities created by these differing tax bases
and corresponding ability to provide services. Id. at 9. They note that
Montana's county government had an average per capita cost of $1,077 in Fiscal
Year 2005. Id. at 10. This is similar to the per capita costs of the county
governments in Big Horn County and Wheatland County, but much higher than the
per capita costs of counties such as Yellowstone and Gallatin. See fig. 18.
Coons et al. refer to this as "greater tax effort" in the context of school
finance; they similarly found poorer districts exerting greater effort to raise
funds to pay for schools. John E. Coons, William H. Clune III & Stephen D.
Sugarman, Educational Opportunity: A Workable Constitutional Test for State
Financial Structures, 57 Cal. L. Rev. 305, 316-317 (1969) [hereinafter Coons et
al., Educational Opportunity].





n231.  Total funds appropriated may include mill levies for up to 23 different
funds, though not every county levies mills for each of these. The 23 are the
general fund, public safety, road fund, poor fund, district court, bridge fund,
weed fund, fair fund, library fund, extension fund, airport fund,
health/sanitation, mental health, planning fund, hospital fund, bond/interest,
senior citizens, comprehensive insurance, health insurance, PERS, ambulance
fund, museum fund, and miscellaneous other tax-supported funds. Montana Local
Govt. Profiles, Fiscal Year 2007, supra n. 226.





n232.  See infra Part IV(D).





n233.  More than one third of Montana is public land. In a state of nearly 93
million acres, 59.3% is private land, 5.9% is state land, 29.3% is federal land,
and 4.3% is managed as Indian trust, tribal, and allotted lands. Mont. Nat.
Resource Info. Sys., Montana Public Land Ownership: Land Ownership, in Acres, of
Each Montana County, http://nris.mt.gov/MontanaFacts/county own.html (Feb.
2003).





n234.  These funds are paid to Montana pursuant to a number of programs,
including the Taylor Grazing Act, the Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act, the
Mineral Leasing Act, the Refuge Revenue Sharing Act, the Secure Rural Schools
and Community Self-Determination Act, and Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT). Paul
R. Lachapelle & Mary A. Anderson, Public Lands in Montana: A Guide for Counties
and Communities 34-51 (Montana State University Extension and Local Government
Center 2007). For Fiscal Year 2005, Montana received $42.4 million in federal
funds pursuant to these programs. Id. at 51.





n235.  Id. Montana received an additional $12.9 million in federal funds
pursuant to the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act. Id.
at 37. Under the 1908 Forest Service Law, counties and schools received a
quarter of the gross revenues generated on national forest land. 16 U.S.C. § 500
(2006). As timber harvests declined, states reliant on this revenue suffered.
The Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act provides revenue
assistance to rural counties affected by the reduction in funding from timber
harvests. Pub. L. No. 106-393, 114 Stat. 1607 (2000). The Act's goal was to
stabilize federal payments to counties dependent on goods "and services from
public land" with the additional aim of diversifying local economies. Montana
received about $98 million in funding under that Act. U.S. Dept. Agric.,
Sustaining Forests and Communities: Secure Rural Schools and Community
Self-Determination Act 2000-2007,
http://www.fs.fed.us/srs/docs/secure-rural-schools- report-2000-2007.pdf
(accessed Mar. 21, 2009). Of that payment, 80-85% is allocated for roads and
schools, and the remaining money may finance local projects. Counties receiving
less than $100,000 may elect to use the entire sum for roads and schools.
Lachapelle & Anderson, supra n. 234, at 34.





n236.  Lachapelle & Anderson, supra n. 234, at 12.





n237.  Id. at 38.





n238.  U.S. Department of the Interior, Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) FAQ,
http://www.doi.gov/pilt/faq.html (updated Oct. 21, 2008). In 2008, Congress
distributed $228.5 million in PILT money to approximately 1,850 local
governments. Id. PILT payments are determined by multiplying $2.29 by the number
of acres of qualified federal land in the county, reduced by the amount of funds
received by the county in the prior Fiscal Year under certain other federal land
receipt sharing programs. Qualifying federal land includes lands in the National
Forest System, National Park System, lands administered by the BLM, lands in
federal water resource projects, dredge areas maintained by the U.S. Corps of
Engineers, inactive or semi-active Army installations, and some lands donated to
the federal government. Id. Alternatively, the payments may also be calculated
by multiplying $0.32 by the number of acres of qualified federal land in the
county, with no deduction. Id. at select computations. Both calculations are
subject to a ceiling that is computed by multiplying the county population by a
dollar value that is annually adjusted for inflation. Id.





n239.  See supra nn. 217-218 and accompanying text.





n240.  U.S. Dept. of the Interior, $139 Million Distributed to State and County
Governments in Full Compensation for Fiscal Year 2008 Payments in Lieu of Taxes,
http://www.blm.gov/or/news/files/11- 20-08PILT.pdf (accessed Jan. 4, 2010);
Larry Kline, Montana Counties Get Unexpected Federal Funds, Helena Independent
Record (Nov. 30, 2008) (available at
http://www.helenair.com/Articles/2008/11/30/top/60lo 081130 countycash.txt). In
Lewis and Clark County, for example, where the federal government owns
two-thirds of the land, officials used 2008 PILT funding to repay a loan from
the county's capital fund; the loan funds had been used to complete a new hall
and grandstands at the county fairgrounds. According to county officials in
Montana, the money distributed in 2008 saved jobs and will pay for equipment
replacement. Id. Although previously underfunded, Congress funded PILT fully in
2008 as part of the economic bailout package. Id.





n241.  Government Benefits, Montana, http://www.govbenefits.gov; select
Benefits, select By State, select Montana (accessed Apr. 1, 2009).





n242.  Eligibility for a free lunch is established if total family income is
130% of the federal poverty level or less. Eligibility for a reduced price lunch
is established if the total family income is 131-185% of the federal poverty
level. Child Nutrition Programs-Income Eligibility Guidelines, 73 Fed. Reg.
19186, 19186 (Apr. 9, 2008) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R. pt. 210). Nationally,
31% of rural school children and 25% of their urban counterparts receive a free
or reduced price lunch. Kristin Smith & Sarah Savage, Food Stamp and School
Lunch Programs Alleviate Food Insecurity in Rural America 2 (Carsey Inst.,
Summer 2007).





n243.  Government Benefits, Montana, http://www.govbenefits.gov; select
Benefits, select By State, select Montana (accessed Apr. 1, 2009).





n244.  Id. The asset limit for SNAP eligibility is $2,001 in the bank, or $3,001
if children or elderly persons are present in the household. Id.





n245.  See supra n. 197.





n246.  As of spring 2009, federal spending on health and human services programs
had increased under the federal stimulus package. See Dennison, Legislature 2009
Comes to a Close, supra n. 45 (noting that value of federal stimulus package to
Montana was $1 billion of an $8 billion, two-year budget). Human services
expenditures accounted for 24.6% of the total general fund biennial budget for
2009-2011, an increase of $51.7 million (an increase of almost 7%) to $ 796.5
million. HB 2 Summary, figs. 1, 2
http://leg.mt.gov/content/Publications/fiscal/ba 2011/HB 2/Overview%20SF.pdf
(accessed May 25, 2009). Increases were attributable mostly to changes in the
state matching rate for Medicaid, caseload and services increases (mostly
Medicaid), and funding the increase in CHIP eligibility. Id. at 2. The total
2009-2011 budget included more than $3.02 billion for health and human services,
which represents a 2.72% increase. Id. at figs. 3, 4. The difference between the
state general fund figure for health and human services and the total budget
figure for health and human services suggests that federal funds account for
about 70% of all expenditures on health and human services in Montana.





n247.  See figs. 5-7. The average amount received by a Montana TANF recipient in
2006 was $377/month. Haynes & Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 4. A total of about
4,000 TANF "cases" in Montana received $17.8 million in 2006, representing a
drop from the amount paid in 2003. Id. As for SNAP, 8.9% of Montana residents
received this benefit in 2008, with the average benefit to a Montana client
being $214/month. Id. at 3. Montana's Poverty Report Card details receipt, by
county of residence, of various other state and federal benefits such as the
Free and Reduced Price Lunch Program. Haynes & Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 5-8.





n248.  See Jason DeParle, For Victims of Recession, Patchwork State Aid, N.Y.
Times A1 (May 10, 2009) (reporting that among Montana residents eligible for
each type of assistance, only a small percentage were receiving it: 11% cash
welfare; 52% unemployment benefits; 32% housing assistance; 62% food stamps; 43%
health care assistance for poor adults; 70% health care assistance for
low-income children).





n249.  Id.





n250.  Pruitt, Missing the Mark, supra n. 54, at 473-474 (noting challenges such
as lack of jobs and the dearth of child care in rural areas); see also Haynes &
Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 4.





n251.  Mark Nord, Some Households Leaving SNAP Still Face Food Shortfalls, Amber
Waves 5, http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/June09/Findings/Households.htm (June
2009).





n252.  Wagner, supra n. 179, at 592-613 (listing federal grants available to
tribes, as well as those available to rural communities).





n253.  Dept. Pub. Health & Human Servs., Maternal & Child Health Needs
Assessment, http://www. dphhs.mt.gov/PHSD/family-health/mch/phsd-mch-index.shtml
(2005); U.S. Dept. Health and Human Servs., Maternal & Child Health Bureau,
http://mchb.hrsa.gov/ (accessed Jan. 21, 2010) (noting that goal of grants is to
"ensure that the Nation's women, infants, children, adolescents, and their
families, including fathers and children with special health care needs, have
access to quality health care" and that more than 900 grants are awarded); see
also infra n. 388, 450 and accompanying text (noting Gallatin and Big Horn
counties' use of MCH grant funds).





n254.  Wagner, supra n. 179, at 595-596 (listing also a number of other HUD
programs); see also Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 164.





n255.  Wagner, supra n. 179, at 597.





n256.  Id. at 599-500, 602-611.





n257.  The Bureau of Indian Affairs provides services directly or through
various grants and contracts to the 562 federally recognized tribes. Although
tribal self-governance has recently been emphasized, the Bureau still provides
an array of services on which Tribes rely. These include training, social
services, Indian education, and economic development. The Bureau provides funds
directly to tribes to operate schools, empower Indian school boards, and permit
local hiring of teachers and staff. In regards to economic development, the
Bureau provides funds to assist tribes in accessing energy and mineral
resources, help tribes stimulate job creation, increase tribal business
knowledge, increase business, increase capital investment, and economic
development. Bureau of Indian Affairs, www.bia.gov; select What We Do (last
accessed Jan. 4, 2010). Indian Health Services serves 1.9 million American
Indians and provides for 73 compacts, totaling $1 billion in funding. U.S. Dept.
Health & Human Servs., Indian Health Services, http://www.ihs.gov; select About
us, select fact sheet, select 2009 IHS Profile (accessed Mar. 1, 2009); see also
Laura Sullivan, Lawmakers Move to Curb Rape on Native Lands, http://www.
npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=103717296 (May 3, 2009) (reporting
that the February 2009 federal stimulus bill injected $500 million into the
Indian Health Services while a March, 2009 appropriations bill increased the BIA
budget by $85 million).





n258.  See supra n. 8 and accompanying text.





n259.  Jerry Johnson & Marty Strange, Why Rural Matters 2007: The Realities of
Rural Education Growth 66, http://eric.ed.gov/ERICDocs/data/ericdocs2sql/content
storage 01/0000019b/80/36/26/08. pdf (Oct. 2007).





n260.  Id. at 66. Comparatively, 21.4% of students are educated in rural schools
nationwide. Id. at 4. The authors define "rural" using the NCES locale code
system (2006). The new locale codes are based on proximity to an urbanized area
(a densely settled core with densely settled surrounding areas). The locale code
system includes four major types of areas: city, suburban, town, and rural. Each
type has three subcategories. For city and suburb, these are gradations of size
- large, midsize, and small. Towns and rural areas are further distinguished by
their linear distance from an urbanized area. They can be characterized as
fringe, distant, or remote. Rural schools used in our report are those
designated as locale codes 41 (rural fringe), 42 (rural distant), or 43 (rural
remote). We defined rural districts as those with at least 50% of their total
students enrolled in rural schools. Id. at 3.





n261.  Id. at 66. In comparison, 28.6% of schools in the United States are
rural. Id. at 4.





n262.  Id. at 66. A small rural district is defined as a rural district that is
below the median district enrollment for all rural public school districts in
the nation. The U.S. median is 502 students. Id. at 5. Comparatively, 40% of
districts in the United States are small rural districts. Id. at 4.





n263.  U.S. Dept. Educ., Natl. Ctr. for Educ. Evaluation & Regl. Assistance, How
Northwest Region States Are Supporting Schools in Need of Improvement 8,
http://ies.ed.gov/ncee/edlabs/regions/north west/pdf/REL 2007009.pdf (Aug.
2007).





n264.  Neenah Ellis, One Room Schools Holding on in Rural America,
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5064420 (Dec. 22, 2005).





n265.  Claudette Morton, The Vanishing Breed? The 2006-2007 Montana Rural
Teacher Salary and Benefit Survey 9,
http://www.mtsmallschools.org/pdf/VanishingBreedComplete.pdf (2007).





n266.  Natl. Ctr. Educ. Statistics, Dropout and Completion Rates in the United
States: 2006, http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2008/dropout06/figures/figure 04.asp
(accessed Mar. 1, 2009).





n267.  College Bd., 2008 College-Bound Seniors: State Profile Report: Montana,
http://professionals. collegeboard.com/profdownload/Montana CBS 08.pdf (2008).





n268.  College Bd., College Attendance Patterns of Montana 2006 Public School
College Bound Seniors Who Took the SAT 1, http://www.collegeboard.com/prod
downloads/about/news info/cbsenior/yr2007/attendance/MT.pdf (2007).





n269.  Johnson & Strange, supra n. 259, at 111-112; but see Children's Def.
Fund, Children in Montana (Children's Def. Fund May 2006) (reporting that 64% of
Montana fourth graders read below grade level and 61% of them are below grade
level in math). While Montana students are less likely to participate in
Advanced Placement (AP) exams than their peers nationwide, those who do take the
exams have a slightly higher mean score than the national mean. U.S. Dept Educ.,
Mapping Montana's Educational Progress 2008 1,
http://www.ed.gov/nclb/accountability/results/progress/montana.pdf (2008)
(reporting that 15.8% of Montana students took Advanced Placement Exams in 2007,
compared with 24.9% of students nationally). The mean grade for Montana students
was 2.94/5, while the national mean score was 2.83/5. College Bd., Inspiring
minds, Summary Reports, http://www.collegeboard.com/student/testing/ap/exgrd
sum/2008.html; select National Report, select Montana (2008).





n270.  U.S. Dept. Educ., Mapping Montana's Educational Progress 1,
http://www.ed.gov/nclb/accountability/results/progress/montana.pdf (2008). AYP
is a measure of progress toward a minimum level of proficiency that the state,
its school districts, and schools must achieve each year on annual tests and
other academic indicators. Id.





n271.  Prior to the Columbia Falls II litigation, discussed infra note 282 and
accompanying text, one public education advocacy group, The Rural Trust, ranked
Montana 5th in terms of greatest need for education reform. Am. Fedn. Teachers,
Survey and Analysis of Teacher Salary Trends 2007 17,
http://www.aft.org/salary/2007/download/AFT2007SalarySurvey.pdf (accessed Mar.
11, 2009).





n272.  Am. Socy. Civ. Engrs., Infrastructure Report Card 2005,
http://www.asce.org/reportcard/2005/page.cfm?id=66 (accessed Mar. 11, 2009)
(reporting that 45% of Montana's schools have at least one inadequate building
feature and 69% of Montana's schools have at least one unsatisfactory
environmental condition).





n273.  See Dori Burns Nielson, Mont. Bd. Pub. Educ., Who Will Teach Montana's
Children? 6, http://www.opi.state.mt.us/pdf/cert/teachchildren.pdf (Feb. 2001);
see also St. of Mont. Off. of Pub. Instr., Montana K-12 Schools Staff
Recruitment and Retention Report 1,
http://www.opi.state.mt.us:8010/PDF/Measurement/oldmeasurement/Measurement/Staff
Retent.pdf (Jan. 2000).





n274.  See e.g. Christopher D. Lohse & Susan Ockert, American Indian Student
Achievement in Montana Public Schools: Features of the Achievement Gap and
Policy Prescription 1, http://leg.mt.gov/content/committees/interim/2005
2006/qual schools/staff reports/AMERICAN INDIAN STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT IN MONTANA
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.pdf (Sept. 1, 2005) (noting that "the performance of American
Indian students lags significantly behind the performance of white
students--both at the national level, and in Montana").





n275.  The State recognizes the distinct and unique cultural heritage of the
American Indians and is committed in its educational goals to the preservation
of their cultural integrity. Mont. Const. art. X, § 1(2). Montana is the only
state whose constitution requires public schools to preserve American Indian
cultural heritage. The Montana Supreme Court ruled in 2004 that the State had
"failed to recognize the distinct and unique cultural heritage of American
Indians and [had] shown no commitment in its educational goals to the
preservation of their identity." See Columbia Falls Elementary Sch. Dist. No. 6
v. State, 2004 Mont. LEXIS 684 (Mont. Nov. 9, 2004) [hereinafter Columbia Falls
I]; see also Mary Ann Zehr, Judge Says Montana Falls Short on Indian Education,
http://www.edweek.org/ew/Articles/2004/04/28/33montana.h23.html (Apr. 28, 2004);
see also infra nn. 282-290 (discussing the constitutionality of Montana's school
funding formula).





n276.  Johnson & Strange, supra n. 259, at 101. This is slightly lower than the
national average (22.9%). Id.





n277.  U.S. Dept. Educ., Natl. Ctr. Educ. Evaluation & Regl. Assistance, How
Northwest Region States Are Supporting Schools in Need of Improvement 8-9,
http://ies.ed.gov/ncee/edlabs/regions/northwest/pdf/REL 2007009.pdf (2007).





n278.  Id.





n279.  Johnson & Strange, supra n. 259, at 104.





n280.  Id. at 66. The most commonly spoken languages among Limited English
Proficient students in Montana are American Indian languages: Blackfoot (24%),
Crow (16%), Dakota (11%), Salish (8%), and Assiniboine (8%). U.S. Dept. Educ.,
Montana: Most Commonly Spoken Languages 3, http://www.
ncela.gwu.edu/policy/states/reports/statedata/2001/pdffiles/Montana-Comp.pdf
(Oct. 2002).





n281.  See infra n. 295 .





n282.  Columbia Falls Elementary Sch. Dist. No. 6 v. State, 109 P.3d 257, 259
(Mont. 2005) [hereinafter Columbia Falls II]. The 1993 legislation responded to
a court challenge of the prior system.  Helena Elementary Sch. Dist. No. 1 v.
State, 769 P.2d 684, 690 (Mont. 1989); see also Hillary A. Wandler, Will Montana
Breathe Life into Its Positive Constitutional Right to Equal Educational
Opportunity?, 65 Mont. L. Rev. 343, 344 (2004) (discussing Helena Elementary
Sch. Dist. No. 1 v. State); Gregory J. Petesch, The State of the Montana
Constitution (Turkey Feathers on the Constitutional Eagle), 64 Mont. L. Rev. 23,
29-30 (2003).





n283.  Columbia Falls II, 109 P.3d at 262-263. More specifically, the Montana
Supreme Court found that the "major problems" with the funding system,
identified by the district court, were credible.  Id. at 262. These major
problems were the lack of a "mechanism to deal with inflation;" failure to "base
its numbers on costs such as teacher pay, meeting accreditation standards, fixed
costs, or costs of special education;" the fact that "increases in allowable
spending were not tied to costs of increased accreditation standards or content
and performance standards;" that relevant data was outdated by two years when
the bill passed; and no study justified the disparity in per-pupil (ANB) funds
that went to high schools as compared to elementary schools.  Id. at 262.





n284.  Mont. Const. art. X, § 1(3).





n285.  Columbia Falls II, 109 P.3d at 261-262.





n286.  Id. at 262 (holding that quality schools would be funded in relation to
relevant educational needs such as academic standards, teacher pay, fixed costs,
costs of special education, and performance standards).





n287.  Id. at 264. The equality issue had been considered in a 1989 case, Helena
Elementary Sch. No. 1 v. State, 769 P.2d 684, 690 (Mont. 1989), discussed infra
n.543-548.





n288.  See Mont. Sen. 152, 59th Leg., 2005 Reg. Sess. (Dec. 30, 2004).





n289.  Mont. Code Ann. § 20-9-309(2)(b).





n290.  Mont. Code Ann. § 20-9-309(3)(b) and (f).





n291.  Columbia Falls Elementary Sch. Dist. No. 6 v. State (Columbia Falls III),
2008 Mont. Dist. LEXIS 483 at 5-7 (Mont. 2008) [hereinafter Columbia Falls III].
This included increases in per-student entitlements, special education block
grants, and general tax base aid. Id.





n292.  Id at 8-10.





n293.  Id. at 9; see also Mont. Code Ann. § 20-9-328. At-Risk students are the
same as those identified for federal Title I funding, which is linked to the
poverty.  Columbia Falls III, 2008 Mont. Dist. LEXIS 483 at 38.





n294.  Columbia Falls III, 2008 Mont. Dist. LEXIS 483 at 9; see also Mont. Code
Ann. § 20-9-330. Additional appropriations were made for Indian education,
facilities improvements, and energy cost relief.  Columbia Falls III, 2008 Mont.
Dist. LEXIS 483 at 10.





n295.  Columbia Falls III, 2008 Mont. Dist. LEXIS 483 at 41-42.





n296.  Id at 42.





n297.  Id. at 11. The legislature also provided funding for full-time
kindergarten and increased per-educator payments. Id. at 11-12.





n298.  St. of Mont., Montana State Budget Summary: HB 2 Summary 2-3,
http://leg.mt.gov/content/Publications/fiscal/ba 2011/HB 2/Overview%20SF.pdf
(2009). This represents an increase of $4.7 million. Id. Of the general fund,
just 40.6% went to K-12 education. Id. The increase in funds was in the form of
a one percent per year increase in basic and per ANB entitlements. Id. However,
the Montana House of Representatives removed $9.9 million for K-12 At-Risk
payments, replacing them with federal stimulus funds. Id. at 11. Some complained
that eliminating state funding for At-Risk students and replacing it with
federal stimulus money will be problematic because the federal funds will not be
available in future budget cycles. Peter Johnson, Schmidt Fills in Chamber with
Legislative Rundown,
http://docs.newsbank.com/s/InfoWeb/aggdocs/AWNB/127EB81C1DA635C0/0D0CB57AEDE52A7
5 (April 30, 2009).





n299.  St. of Mont., Montana State Budget Summary: HB 2 Summary 11,
http://leg.mt.gov/content/Publications/fiscal/ba 2011/HB 2/Overview%20SF.pdf
(2009).





n300.  U.S. Census Bureau, Public Education Finances: 2006 tbl. 1,
http://ftp2.census.gov/govs/school/06f33pub.pdf (Apr. 2008). Approximately
$1.365 billion in federal, state, and local funds went into elementary and
secondary education in Montana in 2006. This includes $190 million (14%) from
federal sources; $627 million (46%) from state sources; and $548 million (40%)
raised locally. Id. The U.S. Census Bureau reports total per pupil spending in
Montana at $8,581, below the national average of $9,138. Id. at fig. 4. The
finance figures are further broken down by the Montana Office of Public
Instruction. Off. Pub. Instr., Understanding Montana School Finance and School
District Budgets 4 (Jan. 2008). As for the core general fund budget (which
excludes the transportation, adult education, technology and flexibility funds),
62% ($532 million) is funded by the State, while local property taxes finance
30% ($256 million). Id.





n301.  See figs. 19-20.





n302.  Natl. Ctr. Educ. Statistics, Revenues and Expenditures for Public
Elementary and Secondary School Districts: School Year 2005-2006 (fiscal year
2006) 4, http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2008/2008345.pdf (accessed Mar. 11, 2009)
[hereinafter Revenues and Expenditures 2005-2006].





n303.  The Educ. Trust, Funding Gaps 2006 7,
http://www.edtrust.org/sites/edtrust.org/files/publications/files/FundingGap2006
.pdf (2006); see also Revenues and Expenditures 2005-2006, supra n. 302, at 1.
Montana also ranked last in the nation in 2005-2006 for equitable revenues and
expenditures per district. Id. at 4; see also Hamill, supra n. 116, at 142 n. 95
(criticizing Montana as among the states with the lowest funding for K-12
education and noting that its per pupil expenditure in the highest poverty
districts is only $8,329, compared to $8,581 for all districts).





n304.  Lei Zhou & Frank Johnson, Revenues and Expenditures for Public Elementary
and Secondary School Districts: School Year 2005-2006 (Fiscal Year 2006) 4,
http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2008/2008345. pdf (July 2008).





n305.  Id.





n306.  Title 1 funds are targeted to schools with the highest percentage of
low-income children. See U.S. Dept. Educ., Title 1 - Improving the Academic
Achievement of the Disadvantaged, http://www.ed.
gov/policy/elsec/leg/esea02/pg1.html#sec1001 (accessed Jan. 21, 2010). In
addition, federal funding also flows into Montana to compensate for loss of tax
dollars and other revenue related to the presence of federal land such as PILT,
Secure Rural Schools Act. See supra nn. 234-235 and accompanying text.





n307.  See infra Part VI (discussing how enhanced federal funding - and to a
limited extent higher state funding - promotes substantive equality).





n308.  In order to achieve relative equity among districts, each is required to
adopt a BASE budget, the minimum legal general fund budget.  Understanding
Montana School Finance and School District Budgets, supra n. 300, at 16. The
state also sets a formula for calculating a maximum general fund budget.  Id. at
17. State law "encourages" districts to adopt budgets within the range between
the BASE and the maximum. Id. Current budgets that fall within this range are
considered equalized. Id.





n309.  Understanding Montana School Finance, supra n. 300, at 15. For fiscal
year 2008, the legislature appropriated $5 million for "At-Risk" students, which
was distributed according to the same formula as federal Title 1 funds. Id.





n310.  Understanding Montana School Finance, supra n. 300, at 15.





n311.  Mont. Legis. Fiscal Div., Legislative Budget Analysis 2011 Biennium 2,
http://leg.mt.gov/content/publications/fiscal/HB 645/federal stimulus narrative
E sfc.pdf (2009).





n312.  This reduced the need to make "At-Risk" expenditures from the state
general fund. Off. Pub. Instr., 2011 Biennium Summary E-2,
http://leg.mt.gov/content/publications/fiscal/ba 2011/HB 2/HB2% 20E.pdf (2009).





n313.  Mont. Legis. Fiscal Div., supra n. 311 (reporting that approximately
$17.1 million was to be released by the U.S. Department of Education in March
2009, with another $17.1 million available following the state's submission of
an approval application). The budget allocates specific funding for homeless
children, support for special education maintenance, and funds for the
incorporation of technology in the classroom. Id. at 2-5. Off. Pub. Instr., 2011
Biennium Summary, supra n. 312 (reporting a total of $89.1 million in both Title
I and stimulus funding that will go to Montana's "At-Risk" students).





n314.  Off. Pub. Instr., 2011 Biennium Summary, supra n. 312, at E-3, E-11
(noting that the decrease of $1.7 million in state general funds was
attributable to diminished participation by students and educators).





n315.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Yellowstone County, Montana,"
refer to 2005-2007 data, refer to ACS Demographic Estimates (reporting 91% White
population); id. at search "Wheatland County, Montana," refer to 2000 data,
refer to General Characteristics (reporting 97% White population); id. at search
"Gallatin County, Montana" refer to 2005-2007 data, refer to ACS Demographic
Estimates (reporting 94.7 % population); id. at search "Stillwater County,
Montana," refer to 2000 data, refer to General Characteristics (reporting 96.8%
White population).





n316.  Id. at search "Big Horn County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, refer to
General Characteristics.





n317.  Id. at search "Yellowstone County, Montana," refer to 2005-2007 data,
refer to ACS Demographic Estimates.





n318.  Id. at search "Gallatin County, Montana," refer to 2005-2007 data, refer
to ACS Demographic Estimates (reporting a Hispanic/Latino population of 2.4%);
id. at search "Yellowstone County, Montana," refer to 2005-2007 data, refer to
ACS Demographic Estimates (reporting a Hispanic/Latino population of 4.7%); id.
at search "Big Horn County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, refer to General
Characteristics (reporting 3.7% Hispanic/Latino population); id. at search
"Stillwater County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, refer to General
Characteristics (reporting 2% Hispanic/Latino population).





n319.  Obtaining information about Wheatland, Stillwater and Big Horn counties
was generally more difficult because these counties post less information on
websites. As a related matter, Weaver and Mathre observe that many county
governments lack email access and/or home pages. Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra
n. 48, at 10. In addition, officials in these counties, particularly Wheatland
County, often did not return telephone calls. Finally, on some state websites,
information about Wheatland County is not available because the County does not
report it to the State. See Mont. Research & Analysis Bureau, Mont. Dept. Lab. &
Industry, State and County Economic Fliers, http://www.ourfacts
yourfuture.org/?PAGEID=67&SUBID=273 (accessed May 24, 2009).





n320.  See supra n. 25 and accompanying text.





n321.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Billings, Montana,
http://quickfacts.census. gov/qfd/states/30/3006550.html (accessed Sept. 14,
2009).





n322.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Billings, Montana," refer to
2000 data (accessed Sept. 14, 2009) (reporting a 2000 population of 89,847).





n323.  Mont. Dept. Com., Demographic & Economic Information for Yellowstone
County 2, http://www.ourfactsyourfuture.org/admin/uploadedPublications/3326
Yellowstone CF09 web.pdf. (Feb. 2009).





n324.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6.





n325.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140; select Montana
(accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n326.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Yellowstone County,
Montana, http://quick facts.census.gov/qfd/states/30/30111.html (accessed Sept.
14, 2009) [hereinafter Yellowstone County Quick Facts] (reporting a population
density of 49.1 persons per square mile and a total land area of 2,635 square
miles).





n327.  Mont. Geographic Info. Clearinghouse, Montana Maps,
http://nris.state.mt.us/gis/gisdatalib/mtmaps.aspx; select American Indian
Reservations (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n328.  Demographic & Economic Information for Yellowstone County, supra n. 323,
at 2. The largest employers in the county are Billings Clinic, Wal-Mart, Avitus
Group, and St. Vincent Healthcare. Also significant are Wells Fargo, Albertson's
Food and Drug, First Interstate Bank, and St. John's Lutheran Home. Id. at 4.





n329.  Id. at 2.





n330.  Id. at 6-7.





n331.  U.S. Dept. Agric, Econ. Research Serv., County-Level Unemployment and
Median Household Income for Montana,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data/unemployment/RDList2.asp?ST=MT (accessed Sept. 14,
2009). [hereinafter Unemployment and Median Income]





n332.  See Fig. 2.





n333.  See Figs. 2-5, 7.





n334.  Id. Neighboring Carbon County, with a population under 10,000, is also
designated metropolitan because it is part of the Billings Metropolitan
Statistical Area. American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search Carbon County,
Montana, refer to 2000 data (accessed Sept. 14, 2009). The mean commute time
each way for a Carbon County worker is 28 minutes. Id. at select Economic
Characteristics. This suggests that many commute to Yellowstone County, making
Carbon County exurban. The data points for Carbon County reflect greater
affluence than that for Yellowstone County, which is consistent with an exurban
character. Id.





n335.  See figs. 11-12.





n336.  See fig. 14. This Class 4 Land and Improvements total included $111.6
million (63%) residential and $56.5 million ($32%) commercial.





n337.  See tbl. 1. Yellowstone County has far more substantial Class 5 property
than the other five counties, but it nevertheless constitutes less than 2% of
the county's entire taxable property value. This category includes rural
electric and telephone co-operative property, as well as property related to
pollution control. Id.





n338.  See fig. 17.





n339.  See fig. 18.





n340.  See fig. 16.





n341.  Email from Scott Turner, Yellowstone County Budget Director, to Janet
Wallace, Research Assistant, University of California-Davis, School of Law,
Yellowstone County Budget Question (April 8, 2009, 7:58 a.m. PST).





n342.  Id. This budget also includes an allocation for involuntary commitments.
Id.





n343.  Yellowstone Co., Mont., Final Budget Summary, Fiscal Year 2008-2009 at 1,
http://www.co. yellowstone.mt.gov/Finance/Budget09/BudgetSummary09.pdf (accessed
Sept. 18, 2009); Yellowstone Co., Mont., Fiscal Year 2008-2009 Final Revenue and
5 Year Revenue History 23-24, http://www.co.
yellowstone.mt.gov/Finance/Budget09/SpecialRevenue09.pdf (accessed Sept. 18,
2009).





n344.  RiverStone Health, About RiverStone,
http://www.riverstonehealth.org/AboutRiverStone/tabid/36/Default.aspx (accessed
Sept. 14, 2009).





n345.  Telephone Interview with John Felton, Executive Vice President,
Operations/Assistant Health Officer, RiverStone Health (May 22, 2009).





n346.  Mont. Code Ann. § 7-11-1101 (2007) (Repealed in 2009). The relevant
provision states that municipalities and counties may form multijurisdictional
service districts to provide: (1) a higher level of service than is available
through the local governments forming such a district; or (2) services that are
not available through the governments forming such a district. Id. As a
multijurisdictional organization, RiverStone Health is authorized to levy
property taxes in an amount not to exceed that authorized in the district and to
appropriate funds derived from other general tax revenues for the operation of
the district. Mont. Code Ann. § 7-11-1112.





n347.  Fiscal Year 2008-2009 Final Revenue Budget and 5 Year Round Revenue
History, supra n. 343, at 34. The county levies millage for the RiverStone
operation. Voters approved the additional 4.75 mill levy for this purpose in
November 2002.





n348.  Diane Cochran, YCCH to Change Name to RiverStone Health, Billings Gaz.
(June 17, 2008) (available at http://billingsgazette.com/news/local/Article
76270b9c-40a8-531d-93c5-4990ebf7ed1e. html); RiverStone Health, Press Release:
New Name for Health Department, http://www.riverstone
health.org/AboutRiverStone/NewsMedia/LatestNews/NewNameforHealthDepartment/tabid
/158/Default.aspx (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n349.  Telephone Interview with John Felton, Executive Vice President,
Operations/Assistant Health Officer, RiverStone Health (May 22, 2009).





n350.  RiverStone Health, http://riverstonehealth.org; select Clinical Services,
also select Public Health, scroll through Community Health Services and Family
Health Services (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n351.  The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) established funding and programs to
improve criminal justice and community-based responses to domestic violence,
dating violence, sexual assault and stalking in the United States. See Off.
Violence Against Women Home Page, U.S. Dept. Just.,
http://www.ovw.usdoj.gov/regulations.htm (accessed Sept. 14, 2009); see also
Pruitt, Place Matters, supra n. 54, at 356-357, 414.





n352.  Billings Clinic, Billings/Insurance/Financial Options,
http://www.billingsclinic.com/body.cfm? id=463#arrangements (accessed Jan. 4,
2009); select Financial Assistance Program and Financial Assistance Brochure.





n353.  Billings Clinic, Branch Physician Clinics, Regional Specialty Outreach
Clinics and Affiliate Hospitals, http://www.billingsclinic.com/body.cfm?id=177
(accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n354.  Gallatin Co., Official Gallatin County Website,
http://www.gallatin.mt.gov; select About Gallatin County (accessed Sept. 14,
2009).





n355.  Mont. Maps, supra n. 327, select National Park Service Land (accessed
Sept. 14, 2009).





n356.  Id. at select County Seats ( accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n357.  Mont. St. Univ., About MSU, http://www.montana.edu; select About MSU
(accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n358.  Mont. Dept. Com., Demographic & Economic Information for Gallatin County
2, http://www. ourfactsyourfuture.org/admin/uploadedPublications?3370 CF09
Gallatin.pdf (Feb. 2009).





n359.  Big Sky Resort, http://www.bigskyresort.com (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n360.  The Yellowstone Club, http://www.theyellowstoneclub.com (accessed Sept.
14, 2009) (advertising the club as "the world's only private ski and golf
community"); see also Johnson, supra n. 3.





n361.  Mont. Dept. Com., Demographic & Economic Information for Gallatin County
2, http://www. ourfactsyourfuture.org/admin/uploadedPublications?3370 CF09
Gallatin.pdf (Feb. 2009). The County's largest private employers include Bozeman
Deaconess Hospital, Zoot Enterprises, Wal-Mart, RightNow Technologies, and
Albertson's. Id. at 4.





n362.  Demographic & Economic Information for Yellowstone County, supra n. 323,
at 6-7 (showing that 5,780 of 68,455, or 8.4% of persons working for private
employers, work in the construction industry); Demographic & Economic
Information for Gallatin County, supra n. 358, at 6-7 (showing that 6,168 of
38,547 workers, or 16% of those working for private employers, work in the
construction industry).





n363.  Id. at 6-7 (showing that 6,168 of 38,547, or 16% of persons working for
private employers work in the construction industry).





n364.  Id. at 2.





n365.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Gallatin County, Montana," refer
to 2000 data (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n366.  Id. at search "Bozeman, Montana," refer to 2000 data (accessed Sept. 14,
2009).





n367.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6, at search "Gallatin County, Montana" and
search "Bozeman, Montana," refer to 2005-2007 data (estimating Bozeman's 2007
population at 30,840) (accessed Sept. 14, 2009). These 2007 estimates are
available only for more populous locations and therefore are not available for
Wheatland, Big Horn, and Stillwater Counties.





n368.  See supra n. 26 and accompanying text.





n369.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n370.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Gallatin County, Montana,
http://quickfacts. census.gov/qfd/states/30/30031.html (accessed Sept. 14, 2009)
[hereinafter Gallatin County Quick Facts].





n371.  Id. This compares to just 631 building permits in more populous
Yellowstone County in the same year. Yellowstone County Quick Facts, supra n.
326. Recent research indicates that amenity-related growth improves economic
well-being. The impact varies depending on the type of development brought to
the area such as ski resort, casino, or costal resorts. Cynthia M. Duncan,
Priscilla Salant & Chris Colocousis, Challenges and Opportunities in Rural
America: Looking at the Data and Listening to Practitioners, A Report to the
Ford Foundation's Asset and Community Development Program 13,
http://www.sbpac.com/bins/site/content/documents/reports%20docs/Challenges%20and
%20Opportunities% 20in%20Rural%20America.pdf?
resolutionfile=ftppath%7Cdocuments/reports%20docs/Challenges%20
and%20Opportunities%20in%20Rural%20America.pdf (March 1, 2006).





n372.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6, at search "Gallatin County, Montana,"
refer to 2005-2007 ACS data, select Housing Characteristics (accessed Apr. 11,
2009).





n373.  Id.





n374.  Id. at refer to 2000 data, select Social Characteristics (52%).





n375.  Unemployment and Median Income, supra n. 331.





n376.  See fig. 9.





n377.  See figs. 2-3. Only one Gallatin County poverty statistic shows a
situation worse than the national average. In 2000, the county's rate for the
general population was 12.8%, while the national average was slightly lower, at
12.4%. Id.





n378.  See fig. 5.





n379.  See figs. 11-12. Two Gallatin County communities, West Yellowstone and
Big Sky, levy a resort tax. Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 37 n. 32.
In West Yellowstone, the 3% sales tax on luxury goods and services generates
more than a $1 million annually. Weaver, Grassroots, supra n. 218, at 164.





n380.  See tbl. 1.





n381.  Id.





n382.  See fig. 17.





n383.  See fig. 18.





n384.  See fig. 16.





n385.  Id.





n386.  Gallatin County, Official Gallatin County Website,
http://www.gallatin.mt.gov/; select County Budget, select Public Health, select
City/County Health (accessed Apr. 27, 2009). A levy of 5.01 mills is earmarked
for "City/County Health." Id.





n387.  Id. at F-12; select County Budget, select Public Health, select Health
Human Services.





n388.  Id. This report notes that the MCH block grant "supports school nursing
services ... home visitation programs that target high-risk pregnant women and
children up to the age of 5 years, breastfeeding support, and prenatal and
parenting classes." Id. It further notes that "another factor that drives MCH
programs ... is the availability of funding sources. The programs are supported,
in whole or in part, by grants and contracts. Without the infusion of these
dollars into the budget, the Health department would not be able to provide the
present level of services." Id. The Gallatin County Public Health office also
oversees water quality, alcohol rehabilitation, and cancer prevention
initiatives, among others. Id.

   Gallatin County's receipt of such grants points out another characteristic of
places in the midst of rural gentrification: well-educated newcomers typically
bring skills, including knowledge of grant programs, that more static rural
communities do not enjoy. See Lisa R. Pruitt, Using Oldtimer-Newcomer Synergy to
Solve Rural Problems, Legal Ruralism Blog,
http://legalruralism.blogspot.com/2008/09/oldtimer-newcomer-synergy-to-solve.htm
l (Sep. 10, 2008); Nina Glasgow & David L. Brown, Grey Gold: Do Older
In-Migrants Benefit Rural Communities?,
http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/PB-Glasgow-Brown-GreyGold.pdf
(Fall 2008).





n389.  Official Gallatin County Website, supra n. 386, at F-12-F-13.





n390.  Id. at F-3-F-4 (also reporting that the largest portion of the budget,
$6.5 million, goes to the county rest home).





n391.  Id.





n392.  Montana Maps, supra n. 327; select Largest City on Each County (accessed
Mar. 30, 2009).





n393.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Stillwater County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n394.  Id.; search "Columbus, Montana," refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30,
2009).





n395.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Stillwater County,
Montana, http://quick facts.census.gov/qfd/states/30/30095.html (accessed May
12, 2009).





n396.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n397.  Stillwater County Quick Facts, supra n. 395 (last visited Jan. 10, 2010)
(showing a 7.2% growth rate).





n398.  Fig. 4.





n399.  See figs. 2-7.





n400.  Fig. 2.





n401.  Id.





n402.  Figs. 6-7.





n403.  Figs. 5.





n404.  Fig. 9.





n405.  According to the 2000 Census, more than 27% of the Stillwater County
workforce is engaged in agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting, or mining.
American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Stillwater County, Montana," refer to
2000 data, select Economic Characteristics (accessed Mar. 30, 2009). Neighboring
Sweet Grass County, with a population of just 3,609, is slightly less affluent
than Stillwater County. American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Sweet Grass
County, Montana," select 2000 data, refer to Economic Characteristics (accessed
Apr. 22, 2009). Less than 10% of the general population and only 11.9% of
children were living in poverty in 2007. County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana,
supra n. 140. Nevertheless, 83.3% of families with children under age five led
by a female householder, with no husband present, are poor. American FactFinder,
supra n. 6; search "Sweet Grass County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, select
Economic Characteristics (accessed Mar. 30, 2009). This indicates that single
mothers struggle financially, even in the midst of relative affluence. The mean
travel time to work for county residents is 28.5 minutes, which suggests that
some may commute to neighboring Yellowstone and Carbon counties.





n406.  Mont. Dept. of Com., Demographic & Economic Information for Stillwater
County 1, 4, http://www.ourfactsyourfuture.org/?PAGEID=67&SUBID=273 (Jan. 2008)
[hereinafter Demographic & Economic Information for Stillwater County] (citing
Mont. Dept. of Lab. and Indus., Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages Program
2d Quarter 2007). A related business, Montana Silversmiths, is the county's
second largest employer. Id. at 4.





n407.  Demographic & Economic Information for Stillwater County, supra n. 406,
at 6-7.





n408.  Id. at 5.





n409.  Figs. 11-12.





n410.  Id. Understanding Montana School Finance and School District Budget,
supra n. 300, at 30 (noting that Class 2 is "Gross proceeds of metal mines").
Montana, Biennial Report, supra n. 225, at 189.





n411.  Tbl. 1 (showing that the County's Class 4 valuations comprise $12.2
million of the county's $21.3 million property tax base, equivalent to 57% of
the total county taxable valuation).





n412.  Id.





n413.  Tbl. 1. These comprise 18.5% and 15%, respectively, of Class 9
(Utilities) and Class 8 (Business Equipment) property.





n414.  Fig. 17.





n415.  Fig. 18.





n416.  Fig. 16.





n417.  Mont. Dept. of Admin., Local Govt. Services Bureau, Montana
City/Town/County Final Budget Document: Stillwater County Budget
http://www.co.stillwater.mt.us/Finance%20&%20Human%20Resources/Benefits/FY09%20B
udget%20Report%20Part%201.pdf (Sept. 16, 2008) [hereinafter Stillwater County
Budget].





n418.  Telephone Interview with Joe Morse, Finance & Human Resource Specialist,
Stillwater County, Mont. (May 22, 2009). According to the 2009 Stillwater County
budget, the County did fund library services with money from the state.
Stillwater County Budget, supra n. 417.





n419.  E-mail from Nancy Ambrose, County Director, Stillwater County, Mont. (May
22, 2009). Confirmed in Telephone Interview with Joe Morse, Finance & Human
Resource Specialist, Stillwater Co., Mont. (May 22, 2009).





n420.  Telephone Interview with Pam Prideaux-Leak, Registered Nurse, Stillwater
Community Hospital (Aug. 5, 2009).





n421.  Jule Bruursema, Proper Nutrition Pays Off, Stillwater County News,
http://www.stillwater countynews.com/archive/032003.html (Mar. 20, 2003).





n422.  Supra Part III(A)(4) (defining persistent poverty).





n423.  Montana Maps, supra n. 327; select Counties (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n424.  Id.





n425.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n426.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Big Horn County, Montana," refer
to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n427.  Id.; search "Hardin, Montana," refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30,
2009). Hardin's 2000 population was 3,314.





n428.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Big Horn County, Montana,
http://quick facts.census.gov/qfd/states/30/30003.html (accessed Apr. 27, 2009).





n429.  Mont. Dept. of Com., Demographic & Economic Information for Big Horn
County, 2 http://www.ourfactsyourfuture.org/admin/uploadedPublications/2213 Big
Horn CF07 web.pdf (Jan. 2008).





n430.  Fig. 4; Unemployment and Median Income, supra n. 331.





n431.  Demographic & Economic Information for Big Horn County, supra n. 429, at
2. The county's three largest private employers are Decker Coal Company,
Kennecott Energy Company Spring Creek Mine, and Westmoreland Resources, Inc. Id.
at 4 (citing Mont. Dept. of Lab. & Indus., Quarterly Census of Employment and
Wages Program). Almost 500 residents are employed in mining, and they earn an
average of almost $67,000/year. Id. at 6.





n432.  See Prison Town USA (Lock Pictures 2006) (TV Broad.); see also Legal
Ruralism Blog, http://legalruralism.blogspot.com; select prisons label (accessed
July 13, 2009); Lobao, Continuity, supra n. 33, 69 Rural Sociology 1, 21-25
(2004) (noting that rural areas are taking on functions discarded by cities,
including prisons).





n433.  See Pat Dawson, The Montana Town that Wanted to be Gitmo, Time (May 3,
2009) (available at
http://www.time.com/time/nation/Article/0,8599,1894373,00.html); see also Jeanne
Meserve & Carol Cratty, Hard-luck Montana Town Pushes to House Gitmo Detainees,
CNN (May 26, 2009) (available at
http://www.cnn.com/2009/US/05/26/montana.gitmo.west).





n434.  See figs. 2-7; see also American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Big Horn
County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, select Economic Characteristics (accessed
Mar. 30, 2009). Among families headed by a female, with children under the age
of five, 71.8% live in poverty. Id.





n435.  Fig. 2.





n436.  Fig. 5.





n437.  Figs. 6, 7.





n438.  Slightly more than 76% of the county's residents over the age of 25 have
a high school diploma or better, and only 14.3% have a Bachelor's degree or
better. American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Big Horn County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009); see also infra n. 448 and
accompanying text (discussing funding of some Big Horn County schools).





n439.  Figs. 11, 12.





n440.  Tbl. 1.





n441.  Id.





n442.  Mont. Code. Ann. § 2-1-304.





n443.  Fig. 17, 18.





n444.  Fig. 17.





n445.  Fig. 18 (comparing $971 to $611).





n446.  Fig. 16.





n447.  E-mail from Claire M. Schaeffer, Program Analyst, Mineral Management
Service, U.S. Department of Interior, to Yooli Choi, Research Assistant,
University of California-Davis, School of Law (July 9, 2009 12:34 p.m. PST)
(copy on file with Author). According to Big Horn County's Fiscal Year 2009
budget, Mineral Royalties for that year were lower, at just over $10 million.
Montana City/Town/County Final Budget Document: Big Horn Budget 55 (approved
Sept. 11, 2008) (on file with Author) [hereinafter Big Horn Budget].





n448.  See IHS Fact Sheets, Indian Health Service Fiscal Year 2008 Budget,
http://info.ihs.gov/Budget08.asp (June 2008). Like other locales with
significant American Indian populations, Big Horn County is also eligible for a
number of federal grant programs. See Wagner, supra n. 179 at 571, 574 (listing
federal grants available to tribes, as well as those available to rural
communities).





n449.  Telephone Interview with Deb Salvoson, Dept. of Public Health and Human
Serv, Big Horn County, Mont. (Apr. 6, 2009).





n450.  Big Horn Budget, supra n. 447, at 20 (reporting MCH funds in excess of
$37,000, including one for immunization, one for fetal infant child mortality,
and a block grant). According to the Big Horn County budget, the county received
an MCH grant in the amount of $21,845. Id. at 33. For additional information on
the MCH grants, see Mont. Dept. of Public Health & Human Services, Maternal and
Child Health Needs Assessment,
http://www.dphhs.mt.gov/PHSD/family-health/pdf/MT-2005- MCH-Needs-Assessment.pdf
(July 2005) (noting that reports are filed only once every five years); U.S.
Dept. of Health & Human Services, Maternal and Child Health Bureau,
http://mchb.hrsa.gov (accessed Sept. 14, 2009).





n451.  Telephone Interview with Deb Salvoson, Dept. of Public Health and Human
Servs., Big Horn County, Mont. (Apr. 6, 2009).





n452.  Id.





n453.  Big Horn Budget, supra n. 447, at 18. For expenditures for "social and
economic services," the budget shows line items only for veterans' services,
aging services, and extension services. Items such as direct assistance, general
assistance, aid-to-dependent children, medical relief, family services and
foster care are listed on the budget, but no money is allocated to any of these.
Id. at 19.





n454.  Id. at 34.





n455.  Id. at 20. The County received $11,821 from "State: Aid/Libraries;"
$8,857.38 from "Library Federation Grant;" and $10,212 from "Library Gates
Foundation." Id.





n456.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009). In fact, Wheatland County is one of
a number of Montana counties with fewer than 3,000 residents. These are Carter
(1,321), Daniels (1,774), Fallon (2,717), Garfield (1,244), Golden Valley
(1,150), Granite (2,894), Judith Basin (2,192), Liberty (2,055), McCone (1,818),
Meagher (1,968), Petroleum (491), Powder River (1,834), Prairie (1,154),
Treasure (735), and Wibaux (977). Local Govt. Profiles, supra n. 226 (listing
each county's 2006 population).





n457.  U.S. Census Bureau, State & County Quick Facts: Wheatland County,
Montana, http://quick facts.census.gov/qfd/states/30/30107.html (accessed Apr.
27, 2009).





n458.  Id.





n459.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Harlowton, Montana," refer to
2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n460.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140.





n461.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009). The 2007 estimate shows a slight
drop in the general poverty rate to 19%. 2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for
Montana, supra n. 140.





n462.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data, select Economic Characteristics (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).
According to Haynes & Haraldson's Poverty Report Card, however, the 2007 poverty
rate for those under age 18 was 34.3%. Haynes & Haraldson, supra n. 32, at 2.





n463.  2007 County-Level Poverty Rates for Montana, supra n. 140. See also supra
fig. 2.





n464.  Fig. 5.





n465.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed May 19, 2009). Further, only 13.5% of those aged 25
or older has a Bachelor's Degree or higher. Id.; see also fig. 9.





n466.  Montana Office of Public Instruction, Montana High School Completion and
Graduation Rates for the Graduating Class of 2005,
http://www.opi.mt.gov/PDF/Measurement/rptHsCompleteGradRate 05.pdf (Mar. 2006).





n467.  Fig. 8; see also American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland
County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, select Housing Characteristics (accessed
Mar. 30, 2009) (reporting that, in 2000, 69% of residents were living in the
same house in which they had been living in 1995).





n468.  See supra n. 457 and accompanying text; see also Montana Local Government
Profiles, supra n. 226 (showing that Wheatland County lost 6.8% of its
population between 2002 and 2007).





n469.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data (accessed Mar. 30, 2009). More than 19% of Wheatland County
residents are over the age of 65, while the national average is 12.4%. Id.





n470.  Unemployment and Median Income, supra n. 331 (reporting an unemployment
rate of just 3.4%). The 2000 per capita income was $11,954. American FactFinder,
supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana," refer to 2000 data, select
Economic Characteristics (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n471.  Fig. 4.





n472.  American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Wheatland County, Montana,"
refer to 2000 data, select Economic Characteristics (accessed Mar. 30, 2009).





n473.  More than 22% of Wheatland County workers are engaged in self-employment
in unincorporated enterprises. Id. This is in contrast with Gallatin County,
where 11.2% of workers are self-employed in their own unincorporated
enterprises. American FactFinder, supra n. 6; search "Gallatin County, Montana,"
refer to 2005-2007 ACS data, select Economic Characteristics.





n474.  See State of Montana, Research & Analysis Bureau: Montana Department of
Labor & Industry, http://www.ourfactsyourfuture.org; select Labor Market Info,
select Explore Local Area, select Local Area Profile, scroll down to Wheatland
County, select view Local Area Profile (accessed May 25, 2009) (showing no
detailed data for Wheatland County).





n475.  Figs. 11, 12.





n476.  Fig. 14.





n477.  Id. This suggests that these counties primarily tax enterprises based
outside the counties, such as utilities with transmission lines and other
equipment within the county.





n478.  Fig. 17.





n479.  Fig. 18.





n480.  Fig. 16.





n481.  Telephone Interview with Gwen Brown, Wheatland County Deputy Clerk &
Recorder (May 22, 2009).





n482.  Email from Gwen Brown, Wheatland County Deputy Clerk & Recorder, to Lisa
Pruitt, Law Professor, University of California-Davis, School of Law (May 22,
2009).





n483.  County Health Profile Data, Department of Public Health & Human Services
Home Page,
http://www.dphhs.mt.gov/PHSD/health-profiles/health-profiles-pronotes.shtml;
select Public Health & Safety Division, under Health Resource Assessment
(accessed Aug. 20, 2009).





n484.  Telephone interview with Sue Woods, Public Health Nurse, Central Montana
Health District (Aug. 3, 2009).





n485.  Id.





n486.  Id.





n487.  Id.





n488.  Id.





n489.  See Anderson, supra n. 48 (assuming the significance of municipalities in
the delivery of services).





n490.  The same is presumably also true of other rural gentrification counties
such as Flathead. Flathead's taxable valuation rose to 34.4% between 2002 and
2007, which suggests hasty development. Montana Local Govt. Profiles, Fiscal
Year 2007, supra n. 226. The County's population grew 18.8% between 2000 and
2008, and 431 building permits were issued in 2007. U.S. Census Bureau, State &
County Quick Facts: Flathead County, Montana,
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/30/30029.html (accessed May 14, 2009).





n491.  Fallon County is another example. See supra n. 148 and accompanying text.





n492.  See supra n. 429 and accompanying text.





n493.  See supra n. 434 and accompanying text.





n494.  See supra n. 448 and accompanying text.





n495.  See fig. 18. The per capita assessed value for Wheatland County is the
highest among the counties considered at $5,621. Fig. 12. The next highest is
Stillwater County at $3,523. Id. Oddly, Big Horn County's per capita assessed
value is the lowest among the five at $1,543, but this may be largely a function
of its significant public lands which generate considerable revenues from
mineral leases.





n496.  See supra n. 230 and accompanying text; fig. 15.





n497.  Weaver & Mathre, Review, supra n. 48, at 2 (noting that Montana's 56
counties "can trace their roots back further than the 16 original counties ...
carved out of the Montana Territory in 1889" at statehood).





n498.  This is similar to how the California Supreme Court described the school
funding scheme - skewed based on local tax revenue - that it struck as
unconstitutional in 1971.  Serrano v. Priest, 5 Cal.3d 584 (Cal. 1971). The
court wrote:



    We think that discrimination on the basis of district wealth is equally
invalid. The commercial and industrial property which augments a district's tax
base is distributed unevenly through-out the state. To allot more educational
dollars to the children of one district than to those of another merely because
of the fortuitous presence of such property is to make the quality of a child's
education dependent upon the location of private commercial and industrial
establishments. Surely, this is to rely on the most irrelevant of factors as the
basis for educational financing.



    Id. at 601.





n499.  See supra nn. 197-198 and accompanying text.





n500.  See supra nn. 16-22 and accompanying text.





n501.  See supra nn. 20-22 and accompanying text.





n502.  The Montana Constitution addresses the rights of children in Article II,
§ 15 titled "Rights of Persons Not Adults." This section provides that the
rights of those under the age of 18 "shall include, but not be limited to, the
fundamental rights of this Article unless specifically precluded by laws," which
provide minors even greater protection. Mont. Const. art II, § 15. Article II is
called the Declaration of Rights, and it incorporates the substance of the U.S.
Bill of Rights including the first nine, with the exception of the third
amendment. Larry M. Elison & Fritz Snyder, The Montana State Constitution: A
Reference Guide 57 (Greenwood Press 2001). The only two cases to interpret § 15,
however, relate to trying juveniles as adults. Id. at 57-58.





n503.  See Daan Braveman, Children, Poverty and State Constitutions, 38 Emory
L.J. 577, 594 (1989) (arguing that this is generally characteristic of state
constitutions). The Montana Constitution explicitly references maintenance and
improvement of a "clean and healthful environment ... for present and future
generations." Mont. Const. art. IX, § 1, cl. 1. The Montana Supreme Court has
construed this right in relation to art. II, § 3, which provides the inalienable
right to "a clean and healthful environment." Mont. Envtl. Info. Ctr. v. Dept.
of Envtl. Quality & Seven-Up Pete Joint Venture, 988 P.2d 1236, 1246 (Mont.
1999) (calling the two provisions so interdependent that they must be considered
together and applied in tandem).





n504.  The United States Constitution has been amended 27 times.





n505.  The current version of the Montana State Constitution, dated November 2,
2004, lists 41 constitutional amendments, as well as three amendments by ballot
initiative.





n506.  Mont. Const. art. XIV, § 3.





n507.  See William C. Rava, State Constitutional Protections for the Poor, 71
Temp. L. Rev. 543, 566 (1998) (discussing Mont. Const. art. XII, § 3(3) (1988)).





n508.  See infra n. 523 and accompanying text.





n509.  Rava, supra n. 507, at 566.





n510.  Mary Helen McNeal, Toward a "Civil Gideon" Under the Montana
Constitution: Parental Rights as the Starting Point, 66 Mont. L. Rev. 81, 84
(2005).





n511.  Id.





n512.  Hershkoff, supra n. 44.





n513.  Id.





n514.  Id. This is reflected in what has been called the remedy of "engagement,"
which has been applied in socio-economic rights contexts and structural reform
litigation. See Brian Ray, Extending the Shadow of Law: Using Hybrid Mechanisms
to Develop Constitutional Norms in Socioeconomic Rights Cases, 2009 Utah L.
Rev.797.





n515.  Hershkoff, supra n. 44, at 1432.





n516.  Id.





n517.  Mont. Const. art II, § 4.





n518.  Id.





n519.  Cottrill v. Cottrill Sodding Serv., 744 P.2d 895, 897 (Mont. 1987).





n520.  See McNeal, supra n. 510, at 83 n. 9 (citing Armstrong v. Mont., 989 P.2d
364 (Mont. 1999); Dorwart v. Caraway 58 P.3d 128 (Mont. 2002)); see also Elison
& Snyder, supra n. 502 (observing that the state Supreme Court has "modified and
to some extent enlarged traditional federal concepts of equal protection");
Hershkoff, supra n. 44, at 1405-1406 (noting that differences among state
constitutions "reflect the preferences of specific communities" which differ
from each other and the U.S. Constitution in their "approaches to social and
economic issues") (citations omitted).





n521.  Laura T. Kessler, Getting Class, 56 Buff. L. Rev. 915, 915 (2008).





n522.  Mont. Const. art. XII, § 3(3) (1972) (superseded 1988 by Mont. Const.
amend. 18) (emphasis added).





n523.  Butte Community Union v. Lewis, 712 P.2d 1309 (Mont. 1986) [hereinafter
Butte Community I] (superseded by Mont. Const. amend. 18).





n524.  Id.





n525.  Id. at 1311. The Court held that then-Article XII, § 3(3) did not provide
a fundamental right to general assistance because it was not listed in Montana's
Declaration of Rights and was "not a right upon which constitutionally
guaranteed rights depend." Id. at 1312. See also Robert Doughten, Filling
Everyone's Bowl: A Call to Affirm a Positive Right to Minimum Welfare Guarantees
and Shelter in State Constitutions to Satisfy International Standards of Human
Decency, 39 Gonz. L. Rev. 421, 444-445 (2004) (discussing Butte Community I).





n526.  Butte Community Union I, 712 P.2d at 1313-1314. Burt Neuborne has argued
generally for such an outcome in cases like Butte Community Union I. He writes:
"Where ... the constitutional text demonstrates an intense substantive interest
in the plight of the poor, a judge's willingness to use the state's Equal
Protection and Due Process Clauses to reinforce the substantive concerns already
present in the constitution's text should be much greater." Burt Neuborne, State
Constitutions and the Evolution of Positive Rights, 20 Rutgers L. Rev. 881, 895
(1989) (citations omitted).





n527.  Butte Community Union I, 712 P.2d at 1313-1314.





n528.  Id. at 1314.





n529.  Id.





n530.  Id.





n531.  Butte Community Union v. Lewis, 745 P.2d 1128 (1987) [hereinafter Butte
Community II].





n532.  Id. at 214.





n533.  Butte Community Union I, 712 P.2d at 1132.





n534.  Id. at 1133.





n535.  Rava, supra n. 507, at 565-566 (discussing the two Butte Community
decisions and legislative and other responses to them).





n536.  Mont. Const. art. XII, § 3(3) (emphasis added). The Montana Supreme Court
held in Zempel v. Uninsured Employers' Fund that the 1998 amendment overruled
Butte Community Union I. 938 P.2d 658, 661-662 (1998).





n537.  For an innovative argument that governments must distribute services
equitably based on constitutional equality guarantees, even in the absence of
constitutional recognition of socioeconomic rights, see Denise Meyerson,
Equality Guarantees and Distributive Inequity, 19 Public L. Rev. 32 (2008).





n538.  McKamey v. Mont., 885 P.2d 515, 521 (1994), overruled on other grounds,
Trustees of Ind. U. v. Buxbaum, 69 P.3d 663 (Mont. 2003).





n539.  See supra n. 497 (citing Weaver & Mathre on historical point).





n540.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 4.





n541.  See Lichter & Parisi, supra n. 36, at 63-65. A U.S. Census Bureau report
in the midst of the 2008-2009 recession illustrates the correlation between
fiscal uncertainty and mobility. It showed that the "number of people who
changed residences declined to 35.2 million from March 2007 to March 2008, the
lowest number since 1962, when the nation had 120 million fewer people." See Sam
Roberts, Slump Creates Lack of Mobility for Americans, N.Y. Times (Apr. 23 2009)
(available at http://www.ny times.com/2009/04/23/us/23census.html); see also
fig. 8 (showing greater residential stability in impoverished Big Horn and
Wheatland Counties).





n542.  In 2006, Montana overhauled its public defender system by financing it at
the state level rather than at the county level. Barbara Mantel, Do Indigent
Defendants Get Adequate Legal Representation?, 18 CQ Researcher 337, 340 map,
347 (Apr. 18, 2008); The Constitution Project, Justice Denied: America's
Continuing Neglect of Our Constitutional Right to Counsel Part II.B. (Apr. 18,
2009) (available at http://tcpjusticedenied.org/). Montana made this change
after the ACLU sued, asserting the unconstitutionality of the prior
county-funding scheme. See Mont. Code Ann.§§47-1-102 to 47-1-110.





n543.  Helena Elementary School District No. 1 v. Montana, 769 P.2d 684, 690
(1989).





n544.  Mont. Const. art. X, § 1.





n545.  Helena Elementary, 769 P.2d at 690.





n546.  Id. at 686.





n547.  Id. at 690.





n548.  Id. at 691.





n549.  Vicki C. Jackson, Constitutional Dialogue and Human Dignity: States and
Transnational Constitutional Discourse, 65 Mont. L. Rev. 15, 21 (2004).





n550.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 4.





n551.  Elison & Snyder, supra n. 502, at 35.





n552.  Id. at 34; see also Fritz Snyder, The Fundamental Human Rights Compared
in Two Progressive Constitutions: Japan and Montana, 14 Intl. Leg. Persps. 30,
47 (2004).





n553.  See Jackson, supra n. 549, at 19-20; Klug, supra n. 21, at 155; Clifford
& Huff, supra n. 21, at 303.





n554.  McNeal, supra n. 510, at 101-106 (citing Clifford & Huff, supra n. 21);
see also Jackson, supra n. 549, at 28-32.





n555.  Butte Community Union I, 712 P.2d 1309. This seems especially unusual in
light of the dignitary interests implicated by the need for public benefits. See
supra n. 525 and accompanying text.





n556.  Clifford & Huff, supra n. 21, at 336.





n557.  Id. at 336.





n558.  Id. at 305. Clifford & Huff note that this position is strengthened by
the title of Mont. Const. art. II, § 4: "Individual dignity." Id.





n559.  Id. at 306-307 (arguing that presumably anyone, not just members of
protected classes, can experience a violation of dignity) (citations omitted);
see also Wendy A. Fitzgerald, Toward Dignity in the Workplace: Miller-Wohl and
Beyond, 49 Mont. L. Rev. 147, 147 (1988) (arguing that the "sweeping 'dignity
clause'" should be the starting point for sex discrimination litigation). For a
wider-ranging discussion of the possible meanings of dignity, see Reva Siegel,
Dignity and the Politics of Protection: Abortion Restrictions Under
Casey/Carhart, 117 Yale L.J. 1694, 1736-1745 (2008) (discussing various
constructions of dignity in recent U.S. Supreme Court abortion cases).





n560.  Klug, supra n. 21, at 134, 154.





n561.  Id. at 141.





n562.  See Jackson, supra n. 549, at 15.





n563.  Id. at 27 (discussing the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, arts.
22-26, GA Res. 217(A) (III), UN GAOR, 3d Sess., Supp. No. 127, at 71, UN Doc.
A/810 (1948)).





n564.  See also Hershkoff, supra n. 44, at 1431 (arguing, in relation to the New
York Constitution's welfare provision, that "economic stability [is] a
precondition of political life, of social inclusion, and of personal dignity.").





n565.  Mont. Const. art. II, § 3.





n566.  Id. (emphasis added).





n567.  Elison & Snyder, supra n. 502, at 31.





n568.  See Siegel, supra n. 559.





n569.  In the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, for example, the
dignity right is repeatedly linked to freedom and equality. Section One of the
South African Constitution provides that South Africa "is one sovereign,
democratic state founded on the following values: a. Human dignity, the
achievement of equality and the advancement of human rights and freedoms." S.
Afr. Const. ch. 1, § 1.a. The South African Bill of Rights of the Constitution
also refers to these values in § 9 (Equality), § 10 (Human Dignity), and § 12
(Freedom and Security of the Person).

   These three principles are often invoked in decisions adjudicating rights.
See e.g. Govt. of the Republic of S. Afr. v. Grootboom, 2000 (11) BCLR 1268 (CC)
at 24 (noting that the case "brings home the harsh reality that the
Constitution's promise of dignity and equality for all remains for many a
distant dream.").





n570.  See Martha L. A. Fineman, Taking Children's Interests Seriously, in
Child, Family, and State 234 (Stephen Macedo & Iris Marion Young eds., N.Y.U.
Press 2003).





n571.  Tamar Ezer, A Positive Right to Protection for Children, 7 Yale Hum.
Rights & Dev. L.J. 1, 39-42 (2004) (noting that John Locke, for example,
maintained that children have a right "not only to bare Subsistence but to the
conveniences and comforts of Life, as far as the conditions of their Parents can
afford it," John Locke, Two Treatises of Government (Thomas L. Cook ed., Hafner
Publg. Co. 1947)).





n572.  Martha Minow, What Ever Happened to Children's Rights?, 80 Minn. L. Rev.
267, 296 (1995).





n573.  This is reminiscent of the current trend in school funding litigation to
focus on adequacy in lieu of equality. See Shavers, supra n. 23, at 137-139. It
is also consistent with the international human rights concept of minimum core
rights. See Marius Pieterse, Resuscitating Socio-Economic Rights: Constitutional
Entitlements to Health Care Services, 22 S. Afr. J. Hum. Rights 473, 474
(discussing rejection of a "minimum core" approach to rights by the South
African Constitutional Court); David Bilchitz, Towards a Reasonable Approach to
the Minimum Core: Laying the Foundations for Future Socioeconomic Rights
Jurisprudence, 19 S. Afr. J. Hum. Rights 1 (2003).





n574.  Prince v. Mass., 321 U.S. 158, 166 (1994) (discussed in Ezer, supra n.
571, at 13).





n575.  Kay P. Kindred, God Bless the Child: Poor Children, Parens Patriae, and a
State Obligation to Provide Assistance, 57 Ohio St. L.J. 519, 535 (1996).





n576.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 168. This differentiation between children and adults
is also evident - albeit unexpressed as such - in Planned Parenthood v. Casey,
505 U.S. 833 (1992). The Supreme Court held in Casey that married women need not
have the consent of their husbands in order to obtain an abortion, but minors
must typically have the consent of their parents. Id. at V-C & V-D. Implicit in
this differentiation is the idea that minors need greater protection than adult
women.





n577.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 165. Tamar Ezer suggests that this part of the Prince
opinion "planted the seeds" for positive rights. Ezer, supra n. 571, at 14.





n578.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 168.





n579.  See generally Hilary Baldwin, Termination of Parental Rights: Statistical
Study and Proposed Solutions, 28 J. Legis. 239, 241 (2002) (offering a broad
ranging discussion of laws regarding termination of parental rights, including
an argument that the state is inadequately supportive of families in terms of
providing the types of services and benefits that might permit them to stay
intact).





n580.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 166 (stating, "Acting to guard the general interest
in youth's well-being, the state as parens patriae may restrict the parent's
control by requiring school attendance, regulating or prohibiting the child's
labor and in many other ways.").





n581.  Fineman, supra n. 570, at 235.





n582.  Braveman, supra n. 503, at 607 (listing some of the offensive uses to
which the doctrine has been put, including to terminate parental rights, to
involuntarily commit a child, to approve a petition for sterilization, and to
suppress child pornography).





n583.  Id. at 608. See also Marcia Garrison, Child Welfare Decisionmaking: In
Search of the Least Drastic Alternative, 75 Geo. L.J. 1745, 1827 (1987) (arguing
that society's failure to provide families with "sufficient support" will
produce "abuse, neglect, and family dysfunction," leading to a "population of
damaged children with diminished potential."); Deborah Weissman, The Personal is
Political - and Economic: Rethinking Domestic Violence, 2007 BYU L. Rev. 387,
415-417 (2007) (positing that economic downturns lead to "reductions in social
services and social interactions between neighbors and coworkers" which are
related to "family dysfunction" and other types of crime).





n584.  Fineman, supra n. 570, at 235.





n585.  Ezer, supra n. 571, at 32-41.





n586.  Kindred, infra n. 575, at 521.





n587.  Id. at 536.





n588.  Land, supra n. 116, at 781. Land offers this argument in the wake of
welfare reform which devolved to the state's authority to administer welfare
programs and tended to aggravate child poverty. See also Hershkoff, supra n. 44,
at 1403; Pruitt, Missing the Mark, supra n. 54.





n589.  Barbara Woodhouse, A Public Role in the Private Family: The Parental
Rights and Responsibilities Act and the Politics of Child Protection and
Education, 57 Ohio St. L.J. 393 (1996).





n590.  Id. at 420.





n591.  Ezer, supra n. 571, at 39 (quoting John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 484
(Legal Classics Library 1992)).





n592.  Declaration of the Rights of the Child, Preamble, G.A. Res 1386 (XIV), UN
GAOR, 14th Sess. Supp. No. 16, at 19, U.N. Doc A/4354 (1959) at pmbl. It states:
"the child, by reason of his physical and mental immaturity needs special
safeguards and care, including appropriate legal protection." Id.





n593.  Minow, supra n. 572, at 295.





n594.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 165; see also Lee E. Teitelbaum, Foreword: The
Meanings of the Rights of Children, 10 N.M. L. Rev. 236, 253 (1980).





n595.  See infra nn. 613-620 and accompanying text.





n596.  While the doctrine of parens patriae can arguably stand alone as a basis
for the state's obligation to provide for the basic needs of children, it is
admittedly not a legal argument that has gained much traction as a practical
vehicle for protecting children's rights. This is perhaps due to the defensive,
rather than offensive, way the state has chosen to defend the rights of
children, as discussed above.





n597.  While federalism issues are implicated by legal challenges to spatial
inequalities among states, I do not address those issues here because my focus
is on spatial inequalities within a given state, among counties. Like Coons et
al in their landmark work on spatial inequality in school finance, I assume that
the quality of services should not be a function of wealth other than the wealth
of the state as a whole. Coons et al, Educational Opportunity, supra n. 230, at
338. I assume that the state is the level at which equality should be achieved.
See also Coons et al., Private Wealth, supra n. 23, at 14-17 (discussing
"subsidiarity" rather than federalism) and Appendix A (referencing the
state-nation analogy to the district-state picture).





n598.  For an excellent argument - albeit a dated one - that wealth is a suspect
classification, see Serrano v. Priest, 487 P.2d 1241, 1250 (1971) (discussing
wealth as a suspect classification and citing U.S. Supreme Court decisions that
support treating it as such).





n599.  Dandridge v. Williams, 397 U.S. 471 (1970).





n600.  Id.





n601.  Id. at 473.





n602.  Id. at 487.





n603.  Id. at 485.





n604.  Id. at 486-488.





n605.  Dandridge, 397 U.S. at 508-509 (Marshall & Brennan, JJ., dissenting)
(citations omitted).





n606.  Id. at 521.





n607.  Id. at 522.





n608.  Id. In footnotes 17 and 18 of his dissent, Marshall cited a number of
cases in which the Court recognized the life-or-death significance of benefits.
Id. at 522, nn. 17-18 (citing Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S. 618 (1969) (which
struck down a residency requirement for welfare eligibility, "noting that the
benefits in question are 'the very means to subsist - food, shelter, and other
necessities of life'"); Sniadach v. Fam. Fin. Corp., 395 U.S. 337 (1969) (which
noted the devastating impact of wage garnishment as a reason to require prior
hearing as a matter of due process)).





n609.  Id. at 521 n. 14.





n610.  Id.





n611.  San Antonio Independent School District, 411 U.S. 1 (1973).





n612.  Id. at 71 (Marshall, J., dissenting).





n613.  Id.





n614.  Id. at 30 (majority); Id. at 63 (Brennan, J., dissenting); Id. at 71
(Marshall, and Douglas, JJ., dissenting). Only Justice White failed to endorse
this proposition.





n615.  Id. at 30.





n616.  Plyler v. Doe, 457 U.S. 202, 223 (1982) (quoting Brown v. Bd. of Educ.,
347 U.S. 483, 493 (1954)); see also Ezer, supra n. 571, at 40 (making a similar
point that "the thrust of the right to education is to become a useful member of
society").





n617.  Plyler, 457 U.S. at 221. The Court wrote that education is "necessary to
prepare citizens to participate effectively and intelligently in our open
political system." Id. (quoting Wis. v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 221 (1972)). The
Plyler Court held unconstitutional a Texas statute that denied undocumented,
school-aged children the same free, public education that it provides to others
who reside in the state.  Id. at 219-220, 230.





n618.  The Plyler Court quoted this language from Brown:



    Today, education is perhaps the most important function of state and local
governments. Compulsory school attendance laws and the great expenditures for
education both demonstrate our recognition of the importance of education to our
democratic society. It is required in the performance of our most basic public
responsibilities, even service in the armed forces. It is the very foundation of
good citizenship. Today it is a principal instrument in awakening the child to
cultural values, in preparing him for later professional training, and in
helping him to adjust normally to his environment. In these days, it is doubtful
that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the
opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity, where the state has undertaken
to provide it, is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.



    Plyler, 457 U.S. at 222-223 (citing Brown, 347 U.S. at 493).





n619.  Brown, 347 U.S. 483.





n620.  See Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 221 (1972).





n621.  See supra Part III(C).





n622.  Children's Def. Fund & Natl. Coalition for the Homeless, Welfare to What:
Early Findings on Family Hardship and Well-Being 12 (Children's Def. Fund 1998)
(collecting sources) (quoting Land, supra n. 116, at 822); see also Hamill,
supra n. 116, at 121-122 and n. 18 (collecting sources).





n623.  See supra n. 608 and accompanying text.





n624.  See supra nn. 197-198 and accompanying text (discussing the number of
offices, opening hours, etc).





n625.  Id.





n626.  See supra n. 200 and accompanying text.





n627.  Id.





n628.  Id.





n629.  Id.





n630.  U.S. v. Carolene Prods. Co., 304 U.S. 144, 152-153 n. 4 (1938) ("Nor need
we enquire ... whether prejudice against discrete and insular minorities may be
a special condition, which tends seriously to curtail the operation of those
political processes ordinarily to be relied upon to protect minorities, and
which may call for a correspondingly more searching judicial inquiry.").





n631.  See John Hart Ely, Democracy and Distrust: A Theory of Judicial Review
148-152 (Harvard U. Press 1980); Erwin Chemerinsky, Constitutional Law:
Principles and Policies 695-696 (3d ed., Aspen Publishers 2006).





n632.  San Antonio Indep. Sch. Dist., 411 U.S. at 28.





n633.  Id.





n634.  Id.





n635.  Id. at 71 (Marshall, J., dissenting).





n636.  Id. at 123 (analogizing the situation of the children and their families
in the case at hand to Baker v. Carr, 369 U.S. 186, 191-192 (1962), in that,
prior to reapportionment, underrepresented districts faced a similar political
challenge).





n637.  See Pickering et al., supra n. 94, at 30 (writing that persistent poverty
locales tend to have "ineffective political leadership").





n638.  Joshua Harder & Jon A. Krosnick, Why Do People Vote? A Psychological
Analysis of the Causes of Voter Turnout, 64 J. of Soc. Issues 525, 531 (2008)
(reporting that wealthier people vote at higher rates); Scripps Howard News
Service, Study: Voter turnout varies across U.S.; Arizona consistently near
bottom, Arizona Daily Star (Jan. 19, 2004) (available at
http://azstarnet.com/sn/printDS/6444) (reporting that voter participation
usually "declines in areas [with] high degrees of poverty"). Several dated
studies suggest, however, that rural voters are more likely to vote than their
urban and suburban counterparts. See Harder & Krosnick, supra n. 638, at 533
(citing studies from 1976 and 1980 that showed rural residents more likely to
vote). A more recent study found that rural residents vote less frequently,
although the difference between them and other voters are not statistically
significant. J. Eric Oliver, Democracy in Suburbia 50 (Princeton U. Press 2001);
cf. J.G. Gimpel & J.E. Schuknecht, Political Participation and the Accessibility
of the Ballot Box, 22 Political Geography 471 (2003) (finding that distance to
polling place is less likely to impede rural voters than it is to deter suburban
voters, in part because the former can travel on direct and relatively unimpeded
routes).





n639.  See generally Wagner, supra n. 179, at 537-538.





n640.  Donald E. Voth, A Brief History and Assessment of Federal Rural
Development, 25 U. Mem. L. Rev. 1265, 1289 (1995).





n641.  See supra n. 60; see also Wagner, supra n. 179, at 538.





n642.  Rural Definitions: State Level Maps, Montana, supra n. 12, at 8
(reporting that 50.2% of Montanans live in rural places).





n643.  Id.





n644.  Gomillion v. Lightfoot, 364 U.S. 339 (1960); see also White v. Regester,
412 U.S. 755 (1973) (holding that a multimember district violated equal
protection because it "invidiously excluded Mexican-Americans from effective
participation in political life").





n645.  Reynolds v. Sims, 377 U.S. 533, 566-567 (1964) (citations omitted).





n646.  See generally Chemerinsky, supra n. 631, at 745.





n647.  See Anderson, supra n. 48, at 1138-1139.





n648.  Indeed, one study suggests that rural residents are more likely than
their suburban and urban counterparts to participate in local government in the
sense of attending meetings. Oliver, Democracy in Suburbia, supra n. 638, at 50
fig. 2.2.





n649.  See Anderson, supra n. 48, at 1138 (referring in particular to minority
communities).





n650.  The largest city, Billings, is in Yellowstone County, which ranks only
three on the rural-urban continuum, with one being the most urban designation.
2003 Rural-Urban Codes for Montana, supra n. 139.





n651.  Anderson, supra n. 48, at 1139.





n652.  See Google, Google Maps, http://googlemaps.com; select "get directions,"
enter "Decker, Montana" and "Hardin, Montana" (accessed Sept. 15, 2009).





n653.  Rodriguez, 411 U.S. at 123 (Marshall, J., dissenting).





n654.  Id. at 123-124 (Marshall, J., dissenting) (citations omitted); see also
Serrano v. Priest, 487 P.2d 1241.





n655.  See supra n. 543 and accompanying text (discussing Helena Elementary, 784
P. 2d 412). A bolder argument could be based on the work of Professor Sandra
Fredman. While equality and discrimination are often discussed in relation to
race or ethnicity, Fredman points out that substantive equality recognizes that
disadvantage, not color or gender or another group characteristic often
associated with disadvantage, should be the analytical focus. She argues that
this, in turn, supports a positive duty to provide. Fredman, supra n. 56, at 163
(2005) (abstract). The disadvantages associated with rurality could similarly be
the basis for a duty to provide.





n656.  See supra n. 608.





n657.  See supra nn. 614-620.





n658.  See supra nn. 575-578 and accompanying text.





n659.  Weber v. Aetna Cas. & Sur. Co., 406 U.S. 164, 175 (1972).





n660.  Id. at 175-176.





n661.  Indeed, Professor April Land has advanced a related argument in relation
to welfare eligibility. She asserts that "sanctioning children whose parents
have not complied with work requirements ... raises equality concerns." Land,
supra n. 116, at 823.





n662.  Dandridge, 397 U.S at 523 (Marshall J., dissenting) (noting that
"governmental discrimination between children on the basis of a factor over
which they have no control - the number of their brothers and sisters - bears
some resemblance" to the distinction between legitimate and illegitimate
children, which the Court has condemned under the Equal Protection Clause).





n663.  See supra nn. 281-290 and accompanying text.





n664.  Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 1.





n665.  Id. at 1, 12-13 (providing details of the tax base and funding
disparities as reflected in the San Antonio Independent School District).





n666.  See Shavers, supra n. 23, at 137-139 (collecting cases).





n667.  Columbia Falls II, 109 P.3d 257 (discussed supra at text accompanying
notes 282-287).





n668.  See supra nn. 282-287 and accompanying text.





n669.  The Education Trust, Funding Gaps 2006, 6,
http://www2.edtrust.org/NR/rdonlyres/CDEF94
03-5A75-437E-93FF-EBF1174181FB/0/FundingGap2006.pdf (2006); see also Hamill,
supra n. 116, at 125-126 and n. 19 (collecting sources).





n670.  See Bethany Berger, Red: Racism and the American Indian, 56 UCLA L. Rev.
591, 595 (2009); Wagner, supra n. 179, at 533-534; Angela A. Gonzales, American
Indians: Their Contemporary Reality and Future Trajectory, in Challenges for
Rural America in the 21st Century, 43 (David Brown & Louis E. Swanson eds., Pa.
St. U. Press 2003).





n671.  But see infra n. 683 and accompanying text.





n672.  See supra n. 300 (providing breakdown of funding sources for Montana
Public Schools).





n673.  See supra n. 221.





n674.  See supra n. 308.





n675.  Fig. 19.





n676.  Id.





n677.  Fig. 20.





n678.  National Center for Education Statistics, Common Core Data (CCD), School
District Finance Survey (Form F-33), http://nces.ed.gov/ccd/bat/; select
District, check 2005-2006, 2004-2005, and 2003-2004, select Next, select Finance
Per Pupil Ratios [District], check Total Revenue per Student (District-Fin.),
Total Revenue - Local Sources per Student (District-Fin.), Total Revenue - State
Sources per Student (District-Fin.), and Total Revenue - Federal Sources per
Student (District-Fin.), select Next, select MT - Montana, select View Table.





n679.  See supra n. 306 (discussing Title I funding).





n680.  Under Title VII, the federal government provides funding to schools on
the basis of their American Indian, Native Hawaiian and Alaska Native students.
See Title VII - Indian, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native Education, Part A,
Subpart 1, Sections 7111-7119. The larger role of federal funding is also
evident in other schools with significant American Indian populations. One
example is Wolf Point High School in Roosevelt County, where 64% of the students
are American Indian and the student poverty rate is 31%. Federal Education
Budget Project: Montana, supra n. 75; search "Wolf Point High School, Montana."
At Wolf Point, however, per pupil funding is much lower ($12,280) and just about
one-sixth of it ($2,200) comes from the federal government. Id.





n681.  See supra n. 291-299 and accompanying text.





n682.  Figs. 11-12, 14.





n683.  Fig. 20.





n684.  Figs. 19-20. Oddly, Manhattan High School, with a higher poverty rate
(12%), relies much more heavily than Three Forks on local funding, which
comprises 53% of Manhattan's total budget. State funding makes up 43.7%. By
contrast, Three Forks derives just 36% of its revenue from local sources but 63%
from the state. The raw amounts of funding received from the state do not,
however, differ much: $5,127 to Manhattan and $4,746 to Three Forks. Local
monies account for the real difference between the two schools' funding
situations. The Three Forks district raises just $2,698 per student while the
Manhattan district raises more than twice that much, $6,215. See fig. 20. This
runs contrary to my observation about the relative insignificance of local funds
in creating inequalities. See supra at text accompanying n. 671. It also
suggests that the Manhattan district is not equalized. See supra n. 308 and
accompanying text.





n685.  Fig. 20.





n686.  Fig. 19.





n687.  Fig. 20. The remainder of Columbus High School's per student revenue of
$9,177 comes 57% from local revenue and 43% from the state. The remainder of
Shepherd High School's per student revenue of $9,274 derives 46% from local
sources and 53% from the state. Id.





n688.  Id.





n689.  Figs. 19-20.





n690.  Id. This difference is presumably attributable to the much greater
presence of American Indian students at Lodge Grass High.





n691.  Figs. 19-20. See also supra n. 293 and accompanying text (explaining
"At-Risk" student funding).





n692.  Fig. 20.





n693.  Figs. 19-20.





n694.  Figs. 2-5.





n695.  Fig. 11.





n696.  While federal funds play an important equalizing role in funding schools
with significant populations of impoverished and American Indian students, state
funds appear to be the more significant equalizing force for smaller, more rural
schools. This is illustrated by looking at very small schools, which tend to
receive higher percentages of state funding than mid-sized and large schools.
This suggests that the state of Montana is doing the re-distributive work
necessary to equalize - at least partially - the situation of rural schools,
which are costly to operate because of the inability to achieve economies of
scale. Montana Law also reflects this sensitivity to the needs of rural schools.
The Montana Code provides that "the needs of isolated schools with low
population density" are one factor to be considered when determining school
funding. Mont. Code Ann. § 20-9-309(3)(b).





n697.  Amartya Sen, Inequality Re-examined 1(Oxford U. Press 1992).





n698.  Id.





n699.  Franklin D. Roosevelt, Speech, Second Inaugural Address (Washington D.C.,
Jan. 20, 1937) (quoted in Kindred, supra n. 575, at 541 n. 100). In his
so-called "four freedoms" speech in 1941, Roosevelt described the third freedom
as "freedom from want, which translated into world terms, means economic
understandings which will secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for
its inhabitants." Franklin D. Roosevelt, Message to Congress, The Four Freedoms
(Washington D.C., Jan. 6, 1941).





n700.  Barack H. Obama, Speech, State of the Union Address (Washington, D.C.,
Jan. 27, 2010) (offering comment in the context of a discussion about education)
(available at Text: Obama's State of the Union Address, N.Y. Times,
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/28/us/politics/28obama.text.html?scp=1&sq=obama%2
0state%20of%20the%20union&st=cse (accessed Feb. 24, 2010)).





n701.  See e.g. Communities of Work: Rural Restructuring in Local and Global
Contexts (William W. Falk et al. eds., Ohio U. Press 2003); Pruitt, Gender,
Geography & Rural Justice, supra n. 28, at 349-350, Part III(B)(2).





n702.  See Warner & Pratt, supra n. 50 at 657, 674-675.





n703.  Id.





n704.  Nationwide, revenue raised at the local level - primarily from property
taxes - accounts for 57% of all local government revenue. Cimbaluk & Warner,
supra n. 44, at 6 (noting that just three percent comes from the federal
government and 40% comes from the state). See also Lisa R. Pruitt & Beth A.
Colgan, Justice Deserts: Spatial Inequality and Local Funding of Indigent
Defense, 52 Ariz. L. Rev. (forthcoming 2010) (discussing the constitutional
problems raised from the local funding of indigent defense in Arizona).





n705.  Cimbaluk & Warner, supra n. 44, at 6.





n706.  Id. at 9 tbl. 3 (charting level of state aid and its degree of
centralization in each of 48 states); see also Montana, Biennial Report, supra
n. 225, at 25-31(comparing Montana's taxation scheme to that of other states).





n707.  See Hamilton et al., supra n. 5, at 7-8, 26; see also Lisa R. Pruitt,
Legal Ruralism Blog; http://legalruralism.blogspot.com/; select Population Loss
label (accessed Aug. 29, 2009).





n708.  See Hamilton et al., supra n. 5, at 26.





n709.  Mark Haggerty, Fiscal Impacts of Alternative Development Patterns:
Broadwater and Gallatin Counties, Mont. Policy Rev. 19, 23-24, 26 (available at
http://www.montana.edu/wwwlgc/documents/haggerty-1997.pdf) (accessed Oct. 1997)
(arguing that urban development is ultimately more costly to counties than
keeping land in agricultural uses because of the high demand for services by
urban residents).





n710.  See supra n. 230 (discussing this phenomenon in relation to Weaver &
Mathre's work and in relation to that of Coons et al), supra Part IV(D)5 and
accompanying text (discussing Wheatland County); fig. 15 (showing Wheatland
County's total mill levy as higher than urban Yellowstone and micropolitan
Gallatin Counties' total mill levies).





n711.  Lobao, Continuity, supra n. 33, at 2.





n712.  Linda M. Lobao & Gregory Hooks, Public Employment, Welfare Transfers, and
Economic Well-Being across Local Populations: Does a Lean and Mean Government
Benefit the Masses?, 82 Soc. Forces 519, 546 (2003).





n713.  See Warner & Pratt, supra n. 50, at 658; Mildred E. Warner, Competition,
Cooperation and Local Government, in Challenges for Rural America in the 21st
Century 252, 255 (David L. Brown & Louis E. Swanson, eds. Pa. St. U. Press 2003)
(discussed in Cimbaluk, Fiscal Devolution and U.S. County Government, supra n.
47, at 15); Paul E. Petersen, City Limits 69 (U. Chi. Press 1981) (noting that
local government limitations require that they "concentrate on developmental as
against redistributive objectives").





n714.  See Lobao & Kraybill, supra n. 49.





n715.  See Cimbaluk, Fiscal Devolution and U.S. County Governments, supra n. 47,
at 15 (citing Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 333; Sharp & Parisi,
Devolution, supra n. 43, at 357); Anita Brown-Graham & William Lambe, Measures
and Methods: Four Tenets for Rural Economic Development in the New Economy,
Policy Brief No. 9 (Carsey Institute Fall 2008); see also Sarah Dewees et al.,
Local Economic Development in an Age of Devolution: The Question of Rural
Localities, 68 Rural Sociology 182 (2003) (finding rural counties in the Ohio
River Valley less likely than their urban counterparts to undertake economic
development activities).





n716.  See Lobao & Kraybill, supra n. 49, at 247; Cimbaluk, Fiscal Devolution
and U.S. County Governments, supra n. 47, at 15-16 (observing that, in competing
for economic development opportunities, rural areas are constrained by "lower
education levels, higher poverty levels, and a depressed economy").





n717.  See Northwest Area Foundation, The Horizons Community Guide (2008),
http://www. horizonsmt.org/docs/2008%20Community%20Guide%20Lt%20.pdf (Aug.
2008). The Northwest Area Foundation runs the Horizons program, "a community
leadership program aimed at reducing poverty in small rural and reservation
communities (populations less than 5,000 with greater than 10% poverty rate)
faced with economic decline and demographic change," in eight states. Id. at 4.
See also Montana Horizons Community Blogs, http://montana.communityblogs.us/
(accessed Aug. 21, 2009).





n718.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture administers a variety of grants, loans
and programs for rural business and community development. Some examples are the
Rural Business Opportunity Grant, Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants,
Community Facilities Direct Loans and the Rural Community Development
Initiative. Additional information is available at the Department of
Agriculture's website. See United States Department of Agriculture, Rural and
Community Development, http://www.usda.gov/rd/aboutrd/html, select "Programs:
Business and Cooperatives" and "Community Development/Empowerment" (accessed
Jan. 10, 2010). See also Wagner, supra n. 179, at 528.





n719.  Lori Pfingst, The Cost of Child Poverty State by State 1-2 (Human Servs.
Policy Ctr. 2008) (noting that this $1.4 billion is but a small fraction of the
cost of child poverty to our nation - approximately $500 billion a year, or 4%
of the U.S. gross domestic product); see also Harry J. Holzer, Diane Whitmore
Schanzenbach, Greg J. Duncan, & Jens Ludwig, The Economic Costs of Poverty in
the United States: Subsequent Effects of Children Growing Up Poor 23 (Institute
for Research on Poverty 2007) ("summing the costs of foregone earnings and
productivity, high crime rates and poor health associated with adults who grew
up in poor households").





n720.  Alliance for Excellent Educ., The High Cost of High School Dropouts: What
the Nation Pays for Inadequate High Schools 4 (Alliance for Excellent Educ. June
2008). Montana would have saved an estimated $30 million in health related costs
alone if all the students in the Class of 2006 had graduated high school.
Alliance for Excellent Educ., Healthier and Wealthier: Decreasing Health Care
Costs by Increasing Educational Attainment 5 (Alliance for Excellent Educ.
2006).





n721.  Healthier and Wealthier, supra n. 720, at 2 (noting that "a high school
graduate lives six to nine years longer than a dropout" and that graduates are
more likely to be insured).





n722.  See Lichter & Johnson, supra n. 36, at 336.





n723.  Taking Stock, supra n. 85, at 16; see also Anastasia Snyder, Diane
McLaughlin, & Alicia Coleman-Jensen, The New, Longer Road to Adulthood:
Schooling, Work and Idleness Among Rural Youth,
http://carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/Report9-IdleYouth.pdf (2009).





n724.  Erik R. Stewart et al., Parenting Practices of Rural Families and Their
Relationship to Adolescent Educational and Emotional Outcomes, in The Hidden
America: Social Problems in Rural America for the Twenty-First Century 131,
132-143 (Robert M. Moore III ed., Susquehanna University Press 2001) (noting
that "features of rural family life ... may act to intensify the impact of
normative and situational stressor events" for rural youth); see also Lichter et
al., Rural Children and Youth at Risk supra n. 59, at 101-102. This problem is
especially acute for American Indian youth. One in six of them has attempted
suicide. Gonzales, supra n. 670, at 48.





n725.  Stewart et al., supra n. 724, at 132.





n726.  Anastasia Snyder & Diane McLaughlin, Rural Youth Are More Likely to be
Idle 1 tbl. 1, http://www.carseyinstitute.unh.edu/publications/FS RuralYouth
08.pdf (Winter 2008). Minorities aged 18 to 24 have particularly high rates of
idleness. Id. In 2006, 16.5% of African-Americans, 19.3% of Hispanics, and 22.6%
of other racial or ethnic minorities (including American Indians and Alaska
Natives) residing in rural areas were idle. Id. The rate was 10.5% among rural
white youth. Id. Rates of idleness were highest in the rural West (18.4%) and
the South (14.2%). Id.





n727.  Crandall & Weber, supra n. 80 at 1276, 1281.





n728.  Id.





n729.  Id. The study also found that a neighborhood's poverty "is tied to the
fortunes of neighboring areas" so that poverty reduction can have positive
"geographic spillovers." Id.





N730.  Indeed, some communities are benefiting from such efforts, largely driven
by non-profit organizations. For instance, the Northwest Area Foundation runs a
program called Horizons, an 18-month community leadership program aimed at
reducing poverty in small rural and reservation communities (populations of
fewer than 5,000 with greater than 10% poverty rate). Seventeen cities in
Montana are currently participating in the Horizons program. See Horizons
Montana Home Page, H3 Horizons Communities, http://www.horizonsmt.org (accessed
Aug. 21, 2009); in the three years since implementing the program, Harlowton
participants in Wheatland County have become advocates and liaisons for their
community with regards to issues including education, healthcare, and public
parks, among others things. See Montana Horizons Community Blogs, Horizons 2
Communities, Harlowton, http://montana. communityblogs.us/ (accessed Jan. 10,
2010).





n731.  Prince, 321 U.S. at 168.





n732.  See supra nn. 616-619 and accompanying text.





n733.  See supra n. 80, at 680 and accompanying text (discussing Title I and
Title VII funding for education); Part IV(B)(2) (discussing programs such as
TANF, SNAP, Medicaid and others).





n734.  See supra n. 517 and accompanying text.





n735.  See Shavers, supra n. 23, at 137-139; see also Braveman, supra n. 503, at
613.





n736.  See supra nn. 523-534 and accompanying text.





n737.  See supra n. 282 (discussing Helena Elementary School Sch. Dist. 1, 769
P.2d 684; Columbia Falls I; Columbia Falls II, 109 P.3d 257).





n738.  Cimbaluk, Fiscal Devolution and U.S. County Governments 1987-2002, supra
n. 47, at 26 tbl. 1, 31 (noting that while federal government spending is, on
average $88 per person, state spending is typically thousands of dollars per
capita).





n739.  U.S. Department of Education, Improving Basic Programs Operated by Local
Educational Agencies (Title 1, Part ),
http://www.ed.gov/programs/titleiparta/index.html (accessed May 24, 2009).





n740.  See supra nn. 241-244 and accompanying text.





n741.  See supra n. 257 and accompanying text.





n742.  See supra nn. 234-240 and accompanying text.





n743.  Fig. 16 (showing that Gallatin County, one of the most affluent in the
state, is the recipient of one of the greatest amounts of federal funds
associated with public lands).





n744.  See supra nn. 446-447, 480 and accompanying text (discussing federal
funds received by Big Horn County and Wheatland County); Fig. 16.





n745.  See supra nn. 439-447 (discussing details of Big Horn County's finances).





n746.  7 U.S.C§§6941a(a)-(d) (2006). It provides:

   (a) Establishment. The Secretary of Agriculture shall establish a Coordinator
for Chronically Underserved Rural Areas (in this section referred to as the
"Coordinator"), to be located in the Rural Development Mission Area.

   (b) Mission. The mission of the Coordinator shall be to direct Department of
Agriculture resources to high need, high poverty rural areas.

   (c) Duties. The Coordinator shall consult with other offices in directing
technical assistance, strategic regional planning, at the State and local level,
for developing rural economic development that leverages the resources of State
and local governments and non-profit and community development organizations.

   (d) Authorization of appropriations. There are authorized to be appropriated
to the Secretary such sums as necessary to carry out this section for fiscal
years 2008 through 2012.





n747.  E-mail from Aleta Botts, Staff Director Subcommittee on Rural
Development, Biotechnology, Specialty Crops and Foreign Agriculture, House
Agriculture Committee (June 23, 2009 5:35 am PST).





n748.  7 U.S.C.§§6941a(c).


                               10 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Community Facility Loans

LENGTH: 12436  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  Rules and Regulations Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents having general
applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed to and codified in the
Code of Federal Regulations, which is published under 50 titles pursuant to 44
U.S.C. 1510. The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of
Documents. Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of
each week.
======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol.

81, No. 129 / Wednesday, July 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 43927]]
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1942 RIN
0575-AD05 Community Facility Loans AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, Farm Service Agency,
USDA. ACTION: Interim rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is amending regulations on Community Facility
Direct Loans to enable the Agency to make loans to eligible lenders who would
then in turn re-loan those funds to applicants for projects that are eligible
under the Community Facilities Direct Loan program. DATES: Effective date: This
interim rule is effective July 6, 2016. Comments due date: Written comments on
this rule must be received on or before September 6, 2016. The comment period
for information collections under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 continues
through September 6, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this rule by
any of the following methods:  Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the instructions on Regulations.gov for submitting comments.

      Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-0742.

      Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal

 Express Mail or another mail courier service requiring a street address

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701,

 Washington, DC 20024.

     All written comments will be available for public inspection during

 regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., address listed above.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Kristen Grifka, Rural Housing Service,

 U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-3225; telephone: (202) 720-1504. Email contact:

 Kristen.Grifka@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 I. Executive Summary



 A. Overview



     This rulemaking adds provisions to the Community Facility (CF)

 Direct Loan program that allow the Agency to make direct loans to

 eligible lending institutions (referred to as ``re-lenders'') who then

 will re-loan the funds to eligible applicants for eligible community

 facility projects. The rulemaking identifies the types of lending

 institutions that are eligible to become re-lenders as described in an

 annual Notice that the Agency will publish in the Federal Register to

 exercise this authority. The annual Notice will set out application

 procedures in more detail to supplement the regulation requirements.

 All applicants and projects must meet the eligibility requirements

 found at 7 CFR part 1942, subpart A or any successor regulation.

     Re-lenders are responsible for all loan origination and servicing.

 Re-lenders must obtain Agency approval of applicant and project

 eligibility. The Agency will obligate aggregated funds to each approved

 eligible re-lender, but will disburse funds to such re-lenders for

 eligible projects on a project-by-project basis after making limited

 eligibility reviews. The re-lender is responsible for providing the

 Agency with status and servicing reports on each re-loan according to

 its Re-lender Agreement with the Agency. The Agency will use the

 information to monitor portfolio performance on the re-loans and to

 assess the risk to the Agency on the re-lender's portfolio of re-loans.

     Because this rule concerns a loan program, it is not subject to the

 requirements of notice and comment rulemaking pursuant to 5 U.S.C

 552(a)(2); however, the Agency is very interested in receiving comments

 regarding the re-lender activities authorized under this rule and their

 impacts on the ability of the Agency to make CF direct loan funds

 available, especially in areas of economic development need. Therefore,

 this rule is being promulgated as an interim rule to provide interested

 parties and the public with the opportunity to provide comments to the

 rule before it becomes final.

     The rule will be effective immediately. The 30 day effective date

 policy is exempt for ``good cause.'' USDA has determined, consistent

 with the APA that making these funds available through re-lenders is

 necessary to provide CF funding to the hardest to reach and most needy

 areas this fiscal year. The Agency intends to test the new program this

 year with available funds and implement a final rule based on its

 findings.

     The Agency is soliciting comments on this interim rule and will

 consider them in the final rule. The Agency is particularly interested

 in whether the public believes the re-lender structure is the best way

 to reach more persistent and high poverty areas or whether there are

 alternate proposals.



 B. Costs and Benefits



     The action is not expected to result in significant costs to the

 public. Generally speaking, the re-lenders will have a proven track

 record of successful lending for community infrastructure development

 in high poverty communities. Additionally, the Agency will continue to

 perform its due diligence in reviewing and determining applicant and

 project eligibility for each loan made by the re-lender. Therefore,

 loans will be made only to strong, viable, mission driven lending

 institutions for CF eligible projects. These risk mitigation strategies

 should provide protection to the mission and portfolio of the CF Direct

 Loan program.

     The costs associated with these new provisions will be incurred

 mainly by



 [[Page 43928]]



 the lending institutions who participate in the re-lending of CF direct

 loans. Re-lenders will incur costs associated with the application

 process as well as originating, processing, and servicing loans to

 applicants. Re-lenders will also incur costs associated with reporting

 to USDA. Applicants will work directly with re-lenders for processing

 and servicing loans. Applicants may incur additional upfront costs

 working with a re-lender versus obtaining a loan directly from the

 Agency. However, the applicant will likely obtain other benefits

 working with a re-lender that may offset these costs in the long-term.

 The end result will be a more financially viable project providing an

 essential community facility or service to the community for years to

 come.

     With the re-lending provision it is expected that re-lenders will

 leverage these Federal funds with other private and philanthropic

 funding so that applicants do not incur additional costs. By obtaining

 private sector support in the form of grants or guarantees, a community

 re-lender could reduce the cost of structuring the transaction,

 providing technical assistance to the borrowers, and servicing the

 loan.

     In addition, there may be instances where the applicant incurs

 higher financing costs. In instances where the borrower receives higher

 financing costs than he/she would have received through a direct loan,

 the Agency believes that those costs may be outweighed by other

 benefits such as the ability to receive funding more quickly and the

 projects may be able to receive additional technical assistance. There

 may also be instances where a re-lender could use private grants to

 offer a lower interest rate to the applicant. For example, if the

 community lender obtained a grant of $1 million paired with a loan from

 the CF program of $10 million, the grant could cover not only the re-

 lenders cost of doing business but subsidize the interest rate to the

 ultimate recipient even below the CF program market rate. The Agency is

 not able to estimate how often this would occur though, if at all.

     Most importantly, this provision provides re-lenders with capital

 that they currently lack thereby enhancing their lending capacity so

 that they can make loans to applicants that otherwise may go unserved,

 especially in places with high or persistent poverty.

     Ultimately, the benefit of the new provision is expected to be an

 increase in the number of projects that receive funds under the CF

 Direct Loan program, especially in communities that have historically

 been economically underserved. There are three factors that work

 together to achieve this goal: (1) Working with mission driven re-

 lenders, who already work in the targeted high poverty communities, to

 deploy CF loan funds in those places, (2) providing those re-lenders

 with additional capital so they can increase their capacity to make

 investments in community infrastructure projects, and (3) re-lenders

 can leverage the CF funds they receive with other private and

 philanthropic sources of funds in order to provide the right mix of

 affordable credit with the necessary technical assistance.

     First, the re-lenders have proven track records of mission driven

 lending in high poverty places. The aim of these institutions is to

 pull together capital to meet a range of community needs as such they

 typically combine financial return with a social return. Further, the

 history of working in the community and longstanding relationships

 means they have the ability to tap different resources and expertise,

 have boots on the ground and are already visible and working in these

 areas we want to reach. The existing relationships between re-lenders

 and community leaders would facilitate and expedite project development

 that is supported by the community-at-large, resulting in the applicant

 benefitting from the improved service/facility sooner than under

 traditional CF lending. Also because of the longstanding work in the

 community the re-lenders traditionally have technical resources/

 complimentary programs available to assist applicants. Examples: assist

 a local nonprofit write a business plan for a daycare facility; assist

 a local nonprofit with a capital campaign; assist a local community

 with a strategic plan. Each of these ancillary services will likely

 result in a project that the re-lender can assist with. By relying on

 this network of re-lenders, the Agency will not only increase the

 number of projects funded through the CF Direct Loan program overall it

 will also increase the number of projects funded in high poverty and

 persistently poor communities.

     Second, re-lenders often lack capital to support all of the much

 needed community infrastructure projects in the communities they serve.

 This change will enable a system of lenders who will originate,

 structure, underwrite, and finance sustainable rural community

 infrastructure projects. By providing these lenders with additional

 capital they will be able to grow, achieve organizational capacity, and

 fund more projects that will improve access to health care, education

 and other critical services, which will help ensure that rural

 communities are strong, viable and economically well off.

     Lastly, this provision will encourage greater leveraging of private

 and philanthropic investments in rural community infrastructure. The

 re-lenders have established relationships with other private and

 philanthropic funders. Thus the addition of CF funds could unlock

 additional capital to support community infrastructure development such

 as grant funding, as previously mentioned, to CF re-lenders. These

 grant dollars will give community lenders more flexibility and strength

 as they borrow from the USDA. This will help the re-lenders:

      Develop critically needed community facilities in

 America's most persistently poor rural communities that would not

 otherwise be feasible.

      Strengthen community lenders with deep and lasting ties to

 the local market so they can be enduring resources in economically

 distressed areas.

      Take advantage of community re-lenders' development

 expertise and knowledge of the local markets to identify the best

 community facilities investments.

      Establish partnerships that enable government, private

 foundations and mission investors to efficiently leverage and

 effectively target funding to the neediest rural areas.

     If the Agency does not make this change the CF Direct Loan program

 will continue operating as it currently does. In FY15, CF invested 70%

 of its direct loan funds in facilities that serve high poverty areas.

 However, there are still some rural places with high poverty areas and

 persistent poverty counties that remain underserved. These communities

 need technical and financial support in order to develop an

 infrastructure project and secure adequate and affordable financing and

 ensure facilities are built and essential services are provided to some

 of the most vulnerable rural populations. This change seeks to partner

 with re-lenders who are positioned to provide the technical assistance

 to help these communities develop and fund community infrastructure

 projects.

     To better understand the nature of persistent poverty and to help

 the USDA determine the way to reach those areas, Rural Development (RD)

 worked with a partner through a cooperative agreement, to learn more

 about persistent poverty and increasing the impact of RD dollars in

 these areas. Efforts included holding focus groups with key

 stakeholders in persistent poverty counties and high poverty areas, and

 analyzing data. In total, five (5) focus groups were convened with



 [[Page 43929]]



 numerous national and regional players in the community development

 organizations (CDOs) field. The purpose was to understand the needs

 that exist in areas of persistent poverty, what programs are

 successfully addressing these challenges, and how these stakeholders

 think RD could increase its impact and build on effective approaches.

 Four of the focus groups were held in the regions of concentrated

 persistent poverty including Appalachia, the Colonias, the Mississippi

 Delta, and in Indian Country, and one was held with RD officials.

     In addition to the focus groups, a listening session with key

 national players or CDOs was held in Washington, DC on November 30,

 2015 as well as various individual conversations were also held with

 other high-performing CDOs and regional Federal Reserve Banks to gain

 their perspectives as well. Several common themes emerged from the

 regional focus groups. These themes included challenges persistent

 poverty regions encounter and common solutions that have demonstrated

 success in these regions, which include:

     Common Challenges:

      Limited access to mainstream financial products and

 services--Residents of all regions are often turned down for checking

 and savings accounts, or are found ineligible for loans or are extended

 loan instruments with unfavorable terms.

      Banking Deserts--They often have few if any traditional

 banking entities in or near their communities.

      Insufficient Private Investment and Lack of Reinvestment--

 The financial institutions that do exist in these communities are often

 hesitant to extend services to low-income clients, and there is a

 perception that much of the local money that is held at these banks is

 reinvested elsewhere.

      Mission-Driven Banking and the Need for Scale--Credit

 unions and other non-traditional financing entities fill the gap

 created by inadequate private investment, but these entities need more

 equity and human capital to have more expansive impact.

      Scattered Geographies and Expensive Services--These

 regions are largely rural, and residences and services can be a great

 distance from one another. The further communities are from utilities

 and other technologies, the more costly they are, if they are available

 at all.

      Social Distress--Substance abuse and fragmented families

 are not uncommon in these communities. People also need help

 envisioning a positive future.

      Outmigration--Many of the most highly educated residents

 have a tendency to move away for better job opportunities.

      Poor Quality Education--It was universally agreed that the

 school systems in these communities are not preparing students for a

 productive future.

      Infrastructure--These regions have sub-standard roads and

 require much-needed infrastructure improvements ranging from water

 systems to broadband to make them more competitive.

     Common Solutions:

      Value of Nonprofits--Areas of persistent poverty rely

 heavily on nonprofits and other mission-driven institutions to meet

 their social and economic needs (capital access, loan packaging

 services, etc.), but these organizations need more financial and human

 capacity.

      Technical Assistance--High performing mentorships,

 training opportunities, internships and other forms of information-

 sharing can boost human capacity.

      Multi-Sectoral Partnerships--Everyone agreed that

 strategically partnering with a variety of different organizations with

 similar overall missions is always valuable. It builds capacity, and

 leverages different skill sets and resources for greater impact.

      Streamlining--When it comes to implementing a program,

 applying for funding, or assisting residents, finding ways to simplify

 the process as much as possible increases efficiency and effectiveness.

      Strategic Planning--Programs are more likely to get funded

 and be successful in the long-term if the groundwork is carefully laid

 before building partnerships and seeking funding.

      Employing Locals--All regions were supportive of finding

 ways to incentivize businesses to hire locally for community and

 infrastructure projects or business relocations and expansions.

     In persistent poverty communities such as Appalachia, the Colonias,

 the Mississippi Delta, and in Indian Country, there is a rich and

 successful history of community development. Poverty produces a

 multitude of social and economic stressors that compromise the growth

 and health of affected communities and their residents, particularly

 those saddled with high levels of disinvestment over prolonged periods

 of time.

     The USDA's Economic Research Service (ERS) has classified 353

 counties in the U.S. as `persistently poor.' These chronically

 impoverished communities have sustained poverty rates above 20 percent

 for more than 30 years, and account for approximately 11 percent of all

 counties nationwide. While dispersed across the U.S., these communities

 are largely rural and concentrated in Central Appalachia, the Deep

 South (largely in the Mississippi Delta), the Texas-Mexico border

 (Colonias), and American-Indian reservations. The social and economic

 challenges that have handicapped progress in these communities have a

 number of dimensions.

     High-impact CDOs, distinct from banks, investment funds, and other

 economic development organizations, have a demonstrated track record of

 implementing the kinds of creative and time-intensive activities that

 are necessary to create jobs, provide affordable housing, build

 necessary infrastructure, and strengthen the financial security of

 millions of lower-income Americans. The focus groups revealed that the

 problems faced by these communities are complex and multi-layered.

 Essential community facilities provide high poverty areas with critical

 services through hospitals, schools, community centers, and fire and

 police stations. It is not uncommon for distressed areas to be some

 distance away from the nearest high quality grocery store or health

 care facility, or for school buildings to be in need of updating.

 Building hospitals, rehabilitating educational institutions, or

 providing space for other core social and human services can enhance

 the quality and quantity of services needed to address the social and

 economic strains faced by these counties.

     This rulemaking adds provisions to the CF Direct Loan program that

 allows the Agency to make direct loans to re-lenders who then re-loan

 the funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects. The action will

 not change the underlying provisions of the included programs (e.g.,

 eligibility, applications, award decisions, scoring, and servicing

 provisions). The primary benefit associated with the new provisions is

 expected to be an increase in the number of projects that receive funds

 under the CF Direct Loan program, especially in persistent poverty

 counties and high poverty areas in rural America. The costs are

 minimal. Ultimately, this approach provides an innovative public

 private partnership that will enable the Federal government to more

 effectively serve its rural constituents and stakeholders and bolster

 rural community viability.



 [[Page 43930]]



 II. Discussion of Interim Rule



     The following paragraphs discuss each change being made to the CF

 Direct Loan program regulations.



 A. General (Sec.  1942.1)



     The Agency is modifying this section by including language in

 paragraph (a) of the section indicating that 7 CFR part 1942, subpart

 A, contains policies and procedures that allow the Agency to make CF

 direct loans to approved eligible re-lenders who then in turn re-lend

 those funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects. The Agency is

 also re-paragraphing Sec.  1942.1(a) for clarity.



 B. Re-Lending (Sec.  1942.30)



     This new section contains the basic policies and procedures

 associated with the Agency making loans to re-lenders (i.e., those

 eligible lenders to whom the Agency will make direct loans for purposes

 of re-lending those funds to eligible applicants for eligible

 projects). Under these provisions, re-lenders will be responsible for

 all loan origination and servicing of re-lender loans, and for repaying

 its loan to the Agency even if the ultimate borrower(s) does not repay

 the re-lender. The Agency will obligate aggregated funds to approved

 eligible re-lenders for the purpose of making CF loans, but will

 disburse loan funds to these re-lenders only on a project-by-project

 basis. This structure will ensure that only eligible applicants and

 projects will receive Federal dollars and allow re-lenders to lock in

 low interest rates and reduce their interest costs with Agency loan

 disbursements over 5 years.

     1. Re-lender eligibility (paragraph a). This paragraph identifies

 the conditions under which a lender would be eligible to be a re-lender

 for CF direct loans. Re-lenders eligible for these loans must possess

 the legal authority necessary to make and service loans involving

 community infrastructure and development similar to the type of

 projects listed in 7 CFR 1942.17(d); meet federal, state and local

 requirements in accordance with 7 CFR 1942.17(k); have a history of

 making loans to community infrastructure projects located in or serving

 persistent poverty counties or high poverty areas; provide adequate

 collateral; provide a Letter of Intent; provide an irrevocable letter

 of credit (or performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency, prior to

 receiving loan disbursements; demonstrate that they are regulated and

 supervised by a Federal or State Banking regulatory agency that is

 subject to credit examination or demonstrate they meet outlined

 standards for required financial strength, be a legal non-governmental

 entity at the time of application (with the exception of Tribal

 government entities); be a member of a national organization that

 provides training, technical assistance and credit evaluation of member

 organizations, agree to loan a majority of funds to applicants whose

 projects are located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) and

 High Poverty Area(s); and meet any other criteria specified by the

 Agency in a Notice published in the Federal Register.

     2. Applicant and project eligibility (paragraph b). The purpose of

 this paragraph is to identify the types of applicants and the types of

 projects eligible to receive a CF direct loan through an eligible re-

 lender. In brief, both the applicant and the project must meet the

 eligibility requirements currently associated with receiving a CF

 direct loan directly from the Agency.

     3. Application submission requirements (paragraph c) This paragraph

 outlines that in order to apply for funds under this section, a Re-

 lender must timely submit all items as specified in the annual Federal

 Register notice.

     4. Evaluation criteria (paragraph d).

     This paragraph outlines that an Agency will score and rank all

 eligible and complete Re-lender applications based upon the evaluation

 factors set out in the annual Federal Register which will include, but

 not be limited to: Lending experience and strength of the re-lender,

 poverty and project service area, and Administrator's discretionary

 points.

     5. Other Re-lender requirements (paragraph e). This paragraph

 specifies that, prior to receiving a direct loan from the Agency, the

 re-lender must enter into a Re-lender's agreement in accordance with

 the applicable Federal Register notice, execute a promissory note,

 provide an irrevocable letter of credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency, provide adequate security, and meet any other

 loan conditions outlined in the annual Federal Register notice.

     4. Loan origination and servicing (paragraph f). This paragraph

 identifies the basic responsibilities of both the re-lender and the

 Agency for re-lending loans.

     a. Re-lenders. The re-lender is responsible for all underwriting

 (loan origination) and loan servicing of each loan it makes under the

 re-lending provisions. For each loan a re-lender makes under the re-

 lending provisions, the Agency expects that each re-lender generally

 will use its own policies and procedures for loan origination and

 servicing for all loans it makes.

     With regard to loan origination, however, the re-lender is

 responsible for presenting to the Agency each eligible CF direct loan

 application and any other documentation to demonstrate that both the

 applicant and the project meet the eligibility requirements of the CF

 direct loan regulation. If necessary, the Agency may request the re-

 lender to submit additional information about the applicant or the

 project. The Agency may identify in the applicable annual Notice

 published in the Federal Register, any additional specific information

 and documentation to be provided by the re-lender.

     After the loan to the re-lender is made, the re-lender must submit

 reports to the Agency after any loan disbursement as specified in the

 annual Federal Register notice, certify that the applicant has met all

 planning, bidding, contracting and construction requirements as

 specified in the annual Federal Register notice, comply with agency

 requirements concerning NEPA, Civil Rights laws and other applicable

 Federal, state, and local law, and obtain disbursement of loan funds

 within 5 years.

     b. Agency. The basic responsibilities of the Agency are spelled out

 and cover four basic areas:

     i. Re-lender Eligibility. The Agency will evaluate the eligibility

 of the re-lender based on documentation submitted to meet the criteria

 outlined in the annual Federal Register Notice.

     ii. Applicant Eligibility. Re-lenders will submit to the Agency for

 Agency review and approval only those applications that the re-lender

 has determined meet the applicant and project eligibility requirements

 of 7 CFR part 1942, subpart A and any additional requirements that may

 be outlined in an annual Notice published in the Federal Register. For

 each CF direct loan application presented by the re-lenders, the Agency

 will evaluate all information provided by the re-lender to confirm the

 eligibility of both the applicant and the project. Once the Agency

 concludes its evaluation, the Agency will notify the re-lender of its

 determination. Applicants and re-lenders have administrative appeal or

 review rights for Agency decisions made under this subpart.

 Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective statutory or

 regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such decisions are

 reviewable for appealability by the National Appeals Division (NAD).

 The applicant and re-lender may appeal any Agency decision that

 directly and adversely impacts them. For an adverse



 [[Page 43931]]



 decision that impacts the applicant, the re-lender and applicant must

 jointly execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse

 decision made by the Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the

 re-lender may be appealed by the re-lender only. A decision by a re-

 lender adverse to the interest of the borrower or applicant is not a

 decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.

 Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 11.

     ii. Funding. For each re-lender the Agency determines to be

 eligible, the Agency will obligate aggregated funds based on the re-

 lender's application for funds and in compliance with additional

 criteria, if any, published in the annual Federal Register Notice. For

 each applicant/project that the Agency determines eligible, the Agency

 will disburse from the re-lender's aggregated loan funds the

 appropriate amount of funds to that re-lender for the approved project.

 The Agency will require adequate security and compliance with all

 applicable National Environmental Policy Act provisions prior to making

 any re-lender loan and disbursing any loan funds.

     The Agency will specify any terms and conditions associated with

 each loan from the Agency to a re-lender in the Re-lender's Agreement.

     iii. Monitoring. The Agency expects each re-lender to service each

 loan it makes under these provisions as it would any other loan it

 makes. Nevertheless, the Agency will require the re-lender to submit

 reports, as will be specified in the Re-lender's agreement that enable

 the Agency to evaluate the status of the loans made under these re-

 lending provisions. The Agency may suspend further disbursements and

 pursue any other available and appropriate remedies, if any of the

 ultimate loans become troubled, delinquent or otherwise in default

 status.



 III. Regulatory Information



 Executive Order 12866--Classification



     This interim rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO)

 12866 and has been determined significant by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as significant under Executive

 Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB has reviewed this interim rule.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance



     The affected programs are listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic

 Assistance Program under 10.766, Community Facilities Loans and Grants.



 Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Review



     This program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,

 which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local

 officials. The re-lender conducts intergovernmental consultations on

 behalf of the Agency for individual loans to borrowers in the manner

 delineated in 2 CFR part 415, subpart C and at RD Instruction 1970

 Subpart I--Intergovernmental Review. Note that not all States have

 chosen to participate in the intergovernmental review process. A list

 of participating States is available at the following Web site:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants/spoc.html.



 Executive Order 13175--Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal

 Governments



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of

 Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian

 Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order (EO) 13175 requires Federal

 agencies to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-

 government basis on policies that have tribal implications, including

 regulations, legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other

 policy statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on

 one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal

 Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and

 responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

     The Agency has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes

 and determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal

 implications that require tribal consultation under EO 13175. If a

 Tribe requests consultation, the Agency will work with the USDA's

 Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is

 provided where changes, additions and modifications identified herein

 are not expressly mandated by Congress.



 Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform



     This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil

 Justice Reform. In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local

 laws and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be

 preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will be given to this rule; and

 (3) administrative proceedings of the National Appeals Division (7 CFR

 part 11) must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging

 action taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically

 allow bringing suit at an earlier time.



 Environmental Impact Statement



     The document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970,

 ``Environmental Policies and Procedures.'' The Agency has determined

 that this action does not constitute a major Federal action

 significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in

 accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,

 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not

 required. Individual loans will be subject to 7 CFR part 1970 for NEPA

 compliance.



 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



     This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory

 provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for

 State, local, and Tribal governments or the private sector. Thus, this

 rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the

 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.



 Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended by

 the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996

 (SBREFA), generally requires an agency to prepare a regulatory

 flexibility analysis of any rule whenever an agency is required by the

 Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) or any other law to publish

 a proposed rule, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not

 have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small

 entities. None of the borrowers under the Community Facility Loan

 program are small businesses. Thus, this rule will not have a

 significant impact on a substantial number of small businesses.



 Executive Order 13132--Federalism



     The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial

 direct effect on states, on the relationship between the National

 Government and the states, or on the distribution of power and

 responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this

 rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on state and local

 governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not required.



 E-Government Act Compliance



     The Agency is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to

 promote the use of the Internet and



 [[Page 43932]]



 other information technologies to provide increased opportunities for

 citizen access to Government information and services, and for other

 purposes.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Agency

 is now seeking the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval of

 the reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this rule.

 With the permission of OMB, the Agency will be temporarily using these

 forms and recordkeeping requirements while seeking comments on the

 information collection.

     Title: Community Facility Loans.

     OMB Number: 0575--new.

     Type of Request: New collection.

     Abstract: This is a new information collection. This information is

 vital to the Agency to make wise decisions regarding the eligibility of

 certain qualified lenders to be ``re-lenders'' under the Community

 Facility Loan program to ensure that funds obtained from the Government

 are used appropriately. This collection of information is necessary in

 order to implement the re-lender provisions of the modified Community

 Facility Loan program.

     The following estimates are based on the average over the first

 three years the re-lender provisions are in place.

     Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of

 information is estimated to average 67 hours per response. This

 submission is for 20 respondents with 790 responses and 1,462 burden

 hours. Rural Development estimates 20 re-lender applications, 10 re-

 lenders approved for funding and 50 applicant loans among the 10 re-

 lenders on an annual basis. The estimated number of total man-hours on

 an annual basis is 1,462 for a total cost of $121,346 ($83 x 1,462).

 The cost of the regulations as a burden to the public was computed on

 the basis of $83.00 per hour. This is the wage class most comparable to

 what eligible nonprofit employee compensation would be to process the

 information requested. This is the same wage class used in the

 Intermediary Relending Program which has a similar type of re-lender

 (0570-0021 dated February 2016).

     Respondents: Lending institutions.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 20.

     Estimated Number of Responses: 790.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,462.

     Rural Development is amending its CF Direct Loan regulation to

 enable the Agency to make loans to qualified re-lenders. Information

 collected from the re-lender is necessary to determine re-lender

 eligibility which includes legal authority, compliance with federal,

 state, and local requirements, experience, and financial strength. Upon

 OMB approval, this collection package and burden will be merged into

 the existing Community Facility Loans burden package--OMB No. 0575-

 0015.

     The information will be collected by the RD national office and

 field offices from re-lenders. This information is used to determine

 re-lender eligibility to participate in the Community Facilities

 program, to document that re-lenders have adequate security to protect

 the financial interest of the Government and to provide on-going

 reporting data to ascertain re-lenders operate on a sound basis

 including adhering to civil rights requirements.

     To participate in the CF re-lender provision, re-lenders must make

 application to RD, provide financial information, certifications and

 other documentation to support their eligibility and priority to

 receive funding. Documents or documentation in this category include

 the following:

     Reporting Requirements--Non Forms:

      Documentation of Legal Powers: Only re-lenders with legal

 authority to make and service loans involving community infrastructure

 and development will be eligible. Documentation may come in the form of

 a legal opinion or a copy of the re-lenders organizational documents.

      Certification of compliance with federal, state and local

 requirements: Re-lenders responsible for administering a loan fund need

 to understand and be in compliance with laws impacting their operations

 and the operations of the clients they serve. Examples include local

 building requirements, state laws regarding certificates of need for

 health care facilities, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and environmental

 compliance.

      Documentation of Serving Persistent Poverty County(ies) or

 High Poverty Areas: Re-lenders are required to provide documentation of

 their current portfolio or experience providing loans in Persistent

 Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Area(s) to determine eligibility

 and priority. This documentation is also used in the evaluation factors

 and does not need to be duplicated.

      Documentation from a Financial Institution that an

 Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or a performance guarantee) acceptable to

 the Agency will be issued if re-lender is approved for funding: Re-

 lenders will provide this documentation at the time of application for

 eligibility. The purpose of this documentation (also referred to as a

 ``Letter of Intent'') is to insure Rural Development that the re-lender

 is creditworthy for the amount of financial assistance requested.

      Documentation Regulated and Supervised by a Federal or

 State Banking Regulatory Agency, Subject to Credit Examination, Not on

 a Watch List, and No Regulatory Actions Outstanding: We estimate

 approximately 45% of re-lenders will provide this documentation for

 eligibility. The documentation insures Rural Development that the re-

 lender has the requisite capital, asset quality, management, earnings,

 liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a federally

 financed loan fund.

      Documentation of strong Financial Strength and Performance

 rating: We estimate approximately 20% of re-lenders will provide this

 documentation for eligibility. The assessment, conducted by an

 independent third party, evaluates overall creditworthiness based on an

 analysis of past financial performance, current financial strength, and

 apparent risk factors. The documentation insures Rural Development that

 the re-lender has the requisite capital, asset quality, management,

 earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a

 federally financed loan fund.

      Documentation of being a financially sound institution: We

 estimate approximately 35% of re-lenders will need to undergo an

 assessment by Rural Development to assess their capital adequacy,

 adequate liquidity, management capabilities, repayment ability, credit

 worthiness, balance sheet equity  & other financial factors. To conduct

 the assessment, Rural Development requires the following documentation:

     A. 3 years audited financial statements.

     B. Interim financial statements as of most recent quarter end.

     C. Auditor's most recent management letter and management's

 response.

     D. Operating Budget versus Actual for last completed fiscal year

 and most recent quarter-end.

     E. Schedule of outstanding debt (name of creditor, balance,

 origination and maturity dates, note rate, collateralization), and

 attach covenants.

     F. Schedule of 5 largest sources of grant funding over each of the

 last 3 fiscal years (including grantor name, amount granted,

 description of allowable uses or any restrictions).

     G. Schedule of 5 largest investors over each of the last 3 fiscal

 years (including investor name, total investment, form of investment,

 description of allowable uses or any restrictions).



 [[Page 43933]]



     H. Schedule of any other funding sources, including off-balance

 sheet financing, for the last completed fiscal year and most recent

 quarter-end.

     I. List and description of any contingent liabilities.

     J. Schedule of loans receivable (including borrower, loan type,

 description of collateral, original and maturity dates, note rate,

 current status e.g. delinquency or nonaccrual).

     K. Schedule of loans restructured and modified in each of the last

 3 fiscal years and most recent YTD (including borrower, pre and post-

 mod loan terms, and current payment status).

     L. Schedule of loans charged off in each of the last 3 fiscal years

 and most recent YTD, with any recoveries realized.

     M. Any external loan reviews performed over the last 3 years.

     N. Bylaws.

     O. Credit policies and procedures (loan underwriting, servicing,

 portfolio management).

     P. Loan risk grading and assessment system.

     Q. Enterprise risk management policies and procedures.

     R. Disaster recovery plan.

     S. Accounting policies (including loss reserve policies).

     T. Staff organizational chart, including names and titles for

 senior staff.

     U. Organizational chart showing relationships to any parents,

 subsidiaries, or affiliates.

     V. Management Team resumes.

     W. Succession plans for key leadership and staff.

     X. Board roster, with affiliations.

     Y. Board meeting minutes for past year.

     Z. Board meeting packets for last year.

     AA. Most recent strategic plan.

     BB. Most recent annual report.

     CC. Description of programs, financial and non-financial products

 and services.

      Documentation of Legal, Non-governmental Status (except

 for Tribal governments): Only non-governmental organizations (except

 for Tribal governments) will be eligible to participate as a re-lender.

 Documentation may come in the form of a legal opinion or a copy of the

 re-lenders organizational documents. This documentation is also used to

 determine legal powers and does not need to be duplicated.

      Documentation of Membership in a National Organization

 that provides training, technical assistance and credit evaluation or

 certified by a Government agency as having a primary mission of

 promoting development in low-income target markets and performs

 training and technical assistance as part of that mission: This

 documentation is used to determine re-lender eligibility. The purpose

 of the information is to provide Rural Development with assurances of

 the re-lender's basic credentials and professional standing in their

 industry and that their mission is aligned with the goals of the re-

 lending provision.

      Certification to loan a majority of funds to applicants

 whose projects are located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies)

 or High Poverty Area(s): This certification for eligibility will

 provide to Rural Development the re-lender's commitment to providing

 economic benefit in areas of greatest need in rural America. Rural

 Development will review the re-lender's loan disbursements to determine

 that this eligibility criteria is met.

      RD Instruction 1970-A, Exhibit H, ``Multi-tier Action

 Environmental Compliance Agreement'': This agreement is signed by the

 re-lender (primary recipient of the loan funds) before Rural

 Development moves forward with obligation of the initial aggregated

 funds. The agreement stipulates the re-lender's environmental

 compliance requirements for applicant loans.

      Documentation of Assistance Provided to Rural Development

 Employees (written): Re-lenders must identify and report any known

 relationship or association with an RD employee such as close personal

 association, immediate family, close relatives, or business associates.

 This includes any assistance provided to employees.

      Documentation of each evaluation factor (written): Re-

 lender applications will be prioritized for funding based on years of

 loan fund experience, lending history in Persistent Poverty County(ies)

 or Poverty Areas, and discretionary points for geographic distribution,

 emergency conditions, and natural disasters.

      Workers Compensation Insurance, if applicable: This form

 of insurance is normal in any organization and Rural Development

 requires it to be available at the time of application. However,

 insurance requirements will not normally exceed those proposed by the

 re-lender.

      Irrevocable Letter of Credit: This document (or a

 performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency serves as security for

 the loan between the re-lender and Rural Development and will be

 required by all re-lenders prior to loan disbursement. This document is

 issued by a financial institution.

      Loan Origination and Servicing--applicant eligibility:

 Applicants will apply directly to re-lenders for financial assistance.

 Re-lenders will be responsible for insuring applicants and the

 applicant's projects are eligible under 7 CFR 1942 Subpart A, Community

 Facilities Loan program and underwriting the loans for financial

 feasibility. Applicants applying to re-lenders will meet the same

 application requirements as applicant's applying to Rural Development

 including all environmental review requirements of 7 CFR 1970. No

 additional burden by Rural Development will be placed on the applicant.

 Re-lenders will pass through to Rural Development certain applicant

 documents to obtain Rural Development concurrence in applicant

 eligibility, project eligibility and eligible rural area.

      Loan Origination and Servicing--reporting: Rural

 Development will monitor the re-lender's portfolio on a quarterly and

 annual basis to insure the re-lender remains a financially sound

 institution in compliance with its Re-lender's Agreement.

     Reporting Requirements--Forms:

      RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions'' (OMB

 Control No. 0575-0015: The re-lender completes this form to indicate

 the intent to meet the conditions of the loan closing(s). This

 information is necessary for Rural Development to continue further

 processing of the loan application.

      RD 1942-55 ``Re-lender's Agreement'': This agreement is

 necessary to insure the re-lender is informed about its

 responsibilities and agrees to comply. The agreement covers among other

 things the following information: loan terms; disbursement procedures;

 responsibilities related to compliance with 7 CFR 1942, Subpart A with

 respect to eligible applicants and projects, Civil Rights,

 environmental, security, planning, bidding, contracting, construction

 and servicing; collateral, insurance and reporting requirements; and

 default provisions.

      RD 1942-56, ``Promissory Note'': This document is executed

 by the re-lender as evidence of its indebtedness to Rural Development.

      RD 1942-57, ``Loan Resolution Security Agreement'': This

 document is executed by the re-lender to attest to its legal authority

 as an organization to enter into the specific loan transaction, and

 provides for the pledging of certain assets to secure Rural

 Development's loan to the re-lender.

      RD 440-11, ``Estimate of Funds needed for 30-day Period

 Commencing'' (OMB Control No. 0575-0015): This form is a request used

 by the re-lender



 [[Page 43934]]



 to indicate the amount of funds required for a 30-day period. It is

 concurred in by Rural Development as to the reasonableness of the

 amount.

      RD 440-24, Position Fidelity Schedule Bond Declarations of

 other evidence of coverage (OMB Control No. 0575-0015: This form may be

 used by organizations (where permitted by state law) to provide

 fidelity bond coverage for certain officials entrusted with funds. It

 is required at application and thereafter annually as a reporting

 requirement.

      RD 442-7, ``Operating Budget'' (OMB Control No. 0575-

 0015): The form is used by the re-lender to project income and expense

 items and a complete cash flow through the first full year of the loan

 proceeds. These projections are necessary in determining the source and

 reliability of the projected income and the adequacy of resources to

 repay the loan in a timely manner.

      RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement'' (OMB Control No.

 0575-0018): The form is completed by the re-lender when construction

 work is subject to the provisions of the Civil Rights compliance

 requirements that contractors cannot discriminate against any employee

 or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, or

 national origin.

      RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement'' (OMB Control No. 0575-

 0018): The form is completed by the re-lender and used to confirm that

 recipients of Rural Development loans have been reminded of their

 obligation to comply with all provisions of the Civil Rights Act of

 1964 and regulations of Rural Development.

      AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension &

 Other Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions (OMB Control

 No. 0505-0027): USDA regulations published at 2 CFR parts 180 and 417

 implement the government-wide debarment and suspension system for

 USDA's non procurement transactions. Applicants and re-lenders are

 required to provide certification under these regulations. Form AD-1047

 may be used to obtain the required certification.

      SF 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance'' (OMB

 Control No. 4040-0004): Re-lenders use this form to apply under the re-

 lending provision. This is a common form, and as such, the numbers have

 been accounted for through the Request for Common Forms.

      SF 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs

 (OMB Control No. 4040-0006): Re-lenders use this form to project costs

 and expenses for the re-lending provision. The form also provides Rural

 Development information on matching funds.

      SF 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs (OMB

 Control No. 4040-0007): Re-lenders read and sign this form to indicate

 the organization's intent to comply with the laws, regulations, and

 policies to which a loan is subject.

      AD 3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony Convictions

 and Tax Delinquency Status for Corporate Applicants'' and AD 3031,

 ``Assurances Regarding Felony Convictions and Tax Delinquency Status

 for Corporate Applicants'' (OMB Control No. 0505-0025): Completed by

 the re-lender once at the time of application. These two forms are

 required by Public Law 114-113.

      SF LLL, ``Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities or

 Disclosure of Lobbying Activities'' (OMB Control No. 4040-0013): Re-

 lenders who are awarded loans over $100,000 and/or lobby are required

 to complete this form.

      SF 3881, ACH Vendor/Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment Form

 (OMB Control No. 1510-0056): The re-lender and its financial

 institution will complete this form and provide it to Rural

 Development. The information contained in the form will be used to

 establish an electronic transfer of loan funds to the re-lender.

     Recordkeeping Requirements:

      Quarterly Financial Statements: Re-lenders will be

 required to submit financial statements quarterly to Rural Development.

 Rural Development will use the information to monitor the credit

 worthiness and paying capacity of the re-lender. Financial statements

 will include a verification by an official of the re-lender's

 organization.

      Quarterly report of re-lent loans: Re-lenders will provide

 a report that includes the following: Borrower name, outstanding

 principal and interest balance, status, amount and due date of the next

 installment due, and servicing actions conducted for any delinquent

 loan. Rural Development will use the information to monitor the current

 credit worthiness and paying capacity of the borrowers and to insure

 that re-lenders are adequately servicing the loan accounts in

 compliance with the Re-lender's Agreement.

      Annual Audit: Annual audits are required from all re-

 lenders. The audits help Rural Development determine if the operations

 are sound and the intended services are being provided to the public.

 Often Rural Development can use the audits to predict developing

 financial problems and suggest corrective steps before the problems

 become serious.

      Financial Strength and Performance Rating: Re-lenders will

 provide Rural Development with their most recent Financial Strength and

 Performance Rating, not more than 3 years old, as conducted by an

 independent third party. The assessment includes overall

 creditworthiness based on an analysis of past financial performance,

 current financial strength, and apparent risk factors. The

 documentation insures Rural Development that the re-lender continues to

 have the requisite capital, asset quality, management, earnings,

 liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a federally

 financed loan fund.

      Certification Re-lender and Borrower have met requirements

 of 7 CFR 3575.42 and 7 CFR 3575.43: Re-lenders are required to inform

 Borrowers of their responsibility for planning, bidding, contracting

 and construction and certify at the end of construction that all funds

 were utilized for authorized purposes.

      Civil Rights data: Re-lenders are required to comply with

 Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. They will collect and

 maintain data on Applicants by race, sex, and national origin, and

 ensure that Applicants also collect and maintain the same data on

 beneficiaries. Rural Development will use the information to conduct a

 compliance review once every three years.

      Documentation of providing funds to Persistent Poverty

 County(ies) and High Poverty Area(s): Re-lenders will provide this

 documentation to meet the additional terms specified in the annual

 Notice so Rural Development can monitor the re-lender's agreement to

 loan a majority of funds to applicants whose projects are located in

 these areas. Documentation is accessible to the re-lender at public Web

 sites identified by Rural Development in the annual Notice.

     Information needed is specific to each re-lender. The Agency has

 many requirements that involve certifications from the re-lender as

 well as other parties involved. The Agency could not comply with

 legislative mandates without these certifications. All of the public

 use forms have been automated and put on the internet to comply with

 the Government Paperwork Elimination Act; however, at this time, the

 Agency is not collecting any of this information through an electronic

 application system. Based on the eGov initiative, all efforts will be

 made to comply with the migration of federal forms into web-



 [[Page 43935]]



 based fillable format consistent with the Agency's timeline.

     The Agency has reviewed all loan programs it administers to

 determine which programs may be similar in intent and purpose. The

 Agency has other programs that are similar. If there were simultaneous

 participation in more than one Agency's programs, the Agency would make

 every effort to accommodate the requests within the same set of

 applications and processing forms. This effort is presently facilitated

 by assignment of management of these programs to the same program area

 of responsibility. If a re-lender is applying for or receiving a loan

 from another Federal agency, forms and documents furnished by the other

 agency would be utilized to the extent possible.

     Information to be collected is in a format designed to minimize the

 paperwork burden on small businesses and other small entities. The

 information collected is the minimum needed by the Agency to approve

 loans and monitor re-lender performance.

     The information collected under this program is considered to be

 the minimum necessary to conform to the requirements of the program

 regulations established by law. Information is collected only when

 needed, and we believe no reduction of collection is possible. Failure

 to collect proper information could result in improper determinations

 of eligibility, improper use of funds, and/or unsound loans.



 Non-Discrimination Policy



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: Program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Invitation To Comment



     The Agency is interested in receiving comments on all aspects of

 the interim rule. Thus, the Agency encourages interested persons and

 organizations to submit written comments, which may include data,

 suggestions, or opinions. Commenters should include their name,

 address, and other appropriate contact information. If persons with

 disabilities (e.g., deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech difficulties)

 require an alternative means of receiving this notice (e.g., Braille,

 large print, audiotape) in order to submit comments, please contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

     Comments may be submitted by any of the means identified in the

 ADDRESSES section. If comments are submitted by mail or hand delivery,

 they should be submitted in an unbound format, no larger than letter-

 size, suitable for copying and electronic filing. If confirmation of

 receipt is requested, a stamped, self-addressed, postcard or envelope

 should be enclosed. RD will consider all comments received during the

 comment period and will address comments in the preamble to the final

 regulation.



 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1942



     Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities,

 Grant programs--Housing and community development, Industrial park,

 Loan programs--Housing and community development, Loan security, Rural

 areas, Waste treatment and disposal--Domestic, Water supply--Domestic.



     For the reasons stated in the preamble, Chapter XVIII, Title 7 of

 the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:



 PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.



 Subpart A--Community Facility Loans



 0

 2. Amend Sec.  1942.1 by revising paragraph (a) to read as follows:





 Sec.  1942.1  General.



     (a) This subpart outlines the policies and procedures for making

 and processing direct loans for Community Facilities except fire and

 rescue and other small essential community facility loans and water and

 waste disposal facilities. This subpart applies to Community Facilities

 loans for fire and rescue and other small essential community facility

 loans only as specifically provided for in subpart C of this part.

 Water and waste loans are provided for in part 1780 of this title.

     (1) The policies and procedures in this subpart address both loans

 between the Agency and the applicant and between the Agency and an

 approved eligible re-lender who then relends the funds to eligible

 applicants for eligible projects under this subpart.

     (2) The Agency shall cooperate fully with State, Tribal and local

 agencies in making loans to assure maximum support to the State and

 Tribal strategies for rural development. State Directors and their

 staffs shall maintain coordination and liaison with State agency and

 substate planning districts. Funds allocated for use under this subpart

 are also for the use of Indian tribes within the State, regardless of

 whether State development strategies include Indian reservations within

 the State's boundaries. Indians residing on such reservations must have

 equal opportunity to participate in the benefits of these programs as

 compared with other residents of the State.

     (3) Federal statutes provide for extending Agency financial

 programs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,

 marital status, age, or physical/mental handicap. The participants must

 possess the capacity to enter into legal contracts under State and

 local statutes.

     (4) Any processing or servicing activity conducted pursuant to this

 subpart involving authorized assistance to Agency employees, members of

 their families, known close relatives, or business or close personal

 associates, is



 [[Page 43936]]



 subject to the provisions of subpart D of part 1900 of this chapter.

 Applicants for this assistance are required to identify any known

 relationship or association with an Agency employee.

 * * * * *

 0

 3. Add Sec.  1942.30 to read as follows:





 Sec.  1942.30  Re-lending.



     The provisions in this section establish the process by which the

 Agency may make loans to eligible re-lenders who then in turn re-loan

 the funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects under this

 subpart. This section may be supplemented by provisions in annual

 notices published in the Federal Register. In such notices, the Agency

 may impose, among other things, limits on the total amount of funds to

 be used through this process and the amount of the loan funding that

 will be provided to each re-lender.

     (a) Re-lender eligibility. Re-lenders must meet each of the

 following requirements:

     (1) Demonstrate the legal authority necessary to make and service

 loans involving community infrastructure and development similar to the

 type of projects listed in Sec.  1942.17(d);

     (2) Meet federal, state and local requirements in accordance with

 Sec.  1942.17(k);

     (3) As specified in the annual Federal Register notice, demonstrate

 that a percent of its portfolio is for projects located in or serving

 Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Areas, or that the Re-

 lender has a minimum amount of experience making loans for projects

 located in or serving Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty

 Area(s);

     (4) Agree to provide adequate collateral, as determined by the

 Agency, to support the loan request;

     (5) Provide a Letter of Intent from a financial institution that an

 Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee) acceptable to

 the Agency will be issued by the financial institution if the Re-lender

 is approved for funding;

     (6) As specified in the annual Federal Register notice, agree to

 provide an Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount equal to the principal

 and interest installments due the Agency during the first five (5)

 years of the loan, prior to receiving loan disbursements;

     (7) Demonstrate one of the following, as provided in the annual

 Federal Register notice:

     (i) Re-lender is regulated and supervised by a Federal or State

 Banking Regulatory Agency that is subject to credit examination, AND

 the institution, its subsidiaries, holding companies, and affiliates

 are not on their respective regulatory agency's watch list and have no

 regulatory actions outstanding against them;

     (ii) Re-lender has a strong Financial Strength and Performance

 Rating as specified in the annual Federal Register notice. The achieved

 rating must indicate financial strength, performance, and risk

 management practices that consistently provide for safe and sound

 operations; or

     (iii) At the time of application, Re-lender provides written

 documentation, acceptable to the Agency, from a financial institution

 that an Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency will be issued by the financial institution,

 if the Re-lender is approved for funding; and the Re-lender:

     (A) Obtains a strong Financial Strength and Performance Rating as

 specified in the Annual Federal Register notice prior to any funds

 being advanced; or

     (B) Proves to be a financially sound institution as determined by

 the Agency in accordance with the annual Federal Register notice;

     (8) Be a legal, non-governmental entity at the time of application

 (with the exception of Tribal governmental entities);

     (9) Be a member of a national organization that provides training,

 technical assistance and credit evaluation of member organizations,

 such as FDIC, NCUA or other similar organizations; or be certified by a

 Government agency as having a primary mission of promoting community

 development in low-income target markets and perform training and

 technical assistance as part of that mission;

     (10) Agrees to loan a majority of Agency funds, as specified in the

 annual Federal Register notice, to applicants whose projects are

 located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty

 Area(s); and

     (11) Meet any other criteria specified by the Agency in the annual

 Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (b) Applicant and project eligibility. To be eligible for a CF

 Direct loan from a re-lender under this section,

     (1) The applicant must meet the eligibility requirements found in

 this subpart, including but not limited to those in Sec.  1942.2(a)(2)

 regarding the inability to obtain credit elsewhere and Sec.  1942.17(b)

 and (k);

     (2) The applicant must comply with any other criteria specified by

 the Agency in the annual Program Notice published in the Federal

 Register; and

     (3) The project must:

     (i) Meet all of the eligibility requirements for a project found in

 this subpart, including but not limited to Sec.  1942.17(b)(2), (d),

 (e), and (g) and all environmental review requirements as specified in

 Sec.  1942.2(b) and 7 CFR part 1970; and

     (ii) Meet any additional requirements that may be specified in the

 program's annual Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (c) Application submission requirements. To apply for funds under

 this section, a Re-lender must timely submit all items as specified in

 the annual Federal Register notice.

     (d) Evaluation criteria. The Agency will score and rank all

 eligible and complete Re-lender applications based upon the evaluation

 factors set out in the annual Federal Register notice, including but

 not limited to: Lending experience and strength of the re-lender,

 poverty and project service area, and Administrator's discretionary

 points.

     (e) Other Re-lender requirements. Prior to receiving a direct loan

 from the Agency, the eligible re-lender must:

     (1) Enter into a Re-lender's agreement provided by the Agency;

     (2) Execute a promissory note;

     (3) Provide an Agency approved Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or

 performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount

 equal to the principal and interest installments due during the first

 five (5) years of the loan, prior to receiving any loan disbursements;

     (4) Provide adequate collateral satisfactory to the agency; and

     (5) Meet any other loan conditions as described in the annual

 Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (f) Loan origination and servicing--(1)Re-lenders. After the Agency

 loan is made to the Re-lender, the Re-lender is responsible for:

     (i) Presenting to the Agency eligible CF direct loan applications

 in accordance with this subpart and any additional terms established in

 the applicable annual Notice published in the Federal Register;

     (ii) Underwriting and servicing each loan reviewed and approved by

 the Agency under this section;

     (iii) Submitting reports to the Agency after any loan disbursement

 as specified in the annual Federal Register notice;

     (iv) Certifying to the Agency that the Re-lender and Borrower have

 met the requirements of 7 CFR 3575.42 and 3575.43 for planning,

 bidding, contracting and construction, as specified in the annual

 Federal Register Notice;

     (v) Complying with other Agency requirements as specified in the

 annual



 [[Page 43937]]



 Federal Register notice concerning environmental, civil rights, and

 other applicable Federal state, and local law;

     (vi) Obtaining disbursement of loan funds according to this section

 and the annual Federal Register notice within 5 years. Any loan funds

 not disbursed within that time will be deobligated and become

 unavailable for disbursement.

     (2) Agency responsibilities. (i) Based on the information presented

 by the Re-lender and any additional information that may be requested

 by the Agency, the Agency will determine the eligibility of the

 applicant and project under this subpart.

     (ii) The Agency will notify the re-lender of its determination and

 any administrative review or appeal rights for Agency decisions made

 under this subpart. Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective

 statutory or regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such

 decisions are reviewable for appealability by the National Appeals

 Division (NAD). The applicant and re-lender may appeal any Agency

 decision that directly and adversely impacts them. For an adverse

 decision that impacts the applicant, the re-lender and applicant must

 jointly execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse

 decision made by the Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the

 re-lender may be appealed by the re-lender only. A decision by a re-

 lender adverse to the interest of an applicant or borrower is not a

 decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.

 Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 11.

     (iii) For approved eligible borrowers and projects, the Agency will

 confirm that all environmental requirements as specified in this

 subpart and 7 CFR part 1970 have been met and that the Re-lender has

 provided adequate security for its loan, before the Agency will

 disburse funds to the Re-lender;

     (iv) The Agency will service each re-lender's loan in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 1951, subpart E. The Agency may suspend further

 disbursements, and pursue any other available and appropriate remedies,

 if any of the re-lender loans become troubled, delinquent, or otherwise

 in default status, or if the re-lender is not meeting the terms of its

 Relender's Agreement.



     Dated: June 29, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

     Dated: June 29, 2016.

 Alexis Taylor,

 Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.

 [FR Doc. 2016-16005 Filed 7-5-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Goldbug VFD to buy building

BYLINE: John L. Ross, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


Jan. 27--The wait is over.

Personnel with the Goldbug Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department received good
news after learning the United States Department of Agriculture announced the
approval of an application to buy the building in which they are currently
housed.

Thomas G. Fern, State Director for USDA Rural Development, said the agency
provided the department with $67,000 through its Community Facilities direct
loan and grant program to purchase the facility.

"The Community Facilities Program helps rural communities like Whitley County
and Williamsburg upgrade public safety equipment and improve security," Fern
said. "(A)t the same time (they provide) the services needed to attract business
and create economic opportunities."

In April 2014, the department held a public hearing held on the site in
Williamsburg.

Fire Chief Brandon Woods explained before the public hearing that their current
location at 869 Highway 26 is a rental property.

That hearing was to allow the public to offer their comments concerning the
department purchasing the building they currently lease. Issues that were open
for discussion include economic impacts, environmental impacts, the expected
service area, project alternatives and other pertinent issues.

Goldbug Fire and Rescue Department is led by a five-person board of directors --
the president, Doug Doughty, vice-chairman Andy Meadors, and members Tabitha
Pfoutz, Sarah Cox and Mandy Neal.

He explained that Woods and others worked for several months with the Cumberland
Valley Area Development District staff.

And now, Goldbug landed a $50,000 grant through Rural Development's Public
Facilities Loan and Grant Program.

With that grant, Goldbug also was approved for a $17,000 loan -- all of which
would purchase the facility in which they are currently housed.

Also, the loan would fall on the department's shoulders for repayment.

The two-bay building sits on one acre of land. It is owned by Jeff Price, of
Somerset, and with Best Transit in London -- Woods said Price bought the
building at auction. Pfoutz said the concrete floor is thick enough to support
the weight of the emergency units. There's also room for required training,
running water, gas and three-phase electric power.

Pfoutz added that if they do acquire the property, they will make some minor
modifications, including adding a second bathroom. They would also expand if
necessary to accommodate any more vehicles to the fleet.

Meadors felt the location was excellent.

"It's centrally located -- it brings it all together," he said. Pfoutz added
that since Goldbug covers the largest portion of I-75 -- eight miles north and
southbound -- that "this is just a prime location for us."

Whitley County is included in President Obama's Promise Zone Initiative in
Southeastern Kentucky. Through the Promise Zone Initiative, the federal
government will partner with and invest in designated communities to create
jobs, leverage private investment, increase economic activity, expand
educational opportunities and improve public safety.

Whitley County also is part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and
Opportunity Initiative, which addresses the unique set of challenges faced by
many of America's rural communities. Through StrikeForce, USDA is leveraging
resources and collaborating with more than 400 community organizations,
businesses, foundations, universities and other groups to support 80,300
projects with more than $9.7 billion in USDA investments into rural America.
StrikeForce currently serves Kentucky and 19 other states.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Ky.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Corbin,
Ky.) at www.thetimestribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150127-KB-Goldbug-VFD-to-buy-building-0127-20150127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                               12 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                             March 13, 2017 Monday

IRS Taxability Notice Sends Issuer Seeking Call Waiver, Federal Funds

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 802  words


WASHINGTON - Spurred by an Internal Revenue Service ruling that its bonds are
taxable, the Baker Correctional Development Corp. in Florida plans to try to
obtain a waiver from having to call the bonds as well as a federal loan to
refund the bonds from tax-exempt to taxable.

This is the latest information from interviews with the parties involved, a
material event notice BCDC filed with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board
last week and a conference call the Baker County Sheriff's Office held with
bondholders on Feb. 15.

At issue are $45 million of first mortgage revenue bonds that BCDC issued in
2008 to finance the acquisition of land for, and construction of, the Baker
County Detention Facility in MacClenny, Fla.

The detention center, which opened in 2009, is owned by BDCD, a nonprofit formed
in 2006 to acquire and construct one or more jails in Baker County. It is
operated by the Baker County Sheriff's Office and currently holds roughly 500
inmates, about 400 of which are federal.

The IRS began auditing the bonds and last September sent BCDC a Notice of
Proposed Issue suggesting the bonds were taxable.

Under the federal tax law, bonds become private activity bonds if more than 10%
of the proceeds are for private use and more than 10% of the debt service
payments are from, or secured by, private payments. PABs are taxable unless they
fall within one of several "qualified" categories, none of which contain jails.

The IRS considers federal prisoners to be private persons. Most of the Baker
County Detention Center's inmates are from U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement, the U. S. Marshals Service, and the U.S. Bureau of Prisons, Jeffrey
Cox, the finance director for the Baker County Sheriff's Office told bondholders
on the conference call. Cox also said the jail's daily inmate population was up
to roughly 500 and that its finances were in good shape.

Peter Dame, an attorney with the Ackerman law firm in Jacksonville who is
representing BCDC in the IRS dispute, told bondholders that BCDC was trying to
refinance the bonds and get them off the market as tax-exempt. This was
something the IRS wants, he said.

It was clear from the discussion that BCDC does not have the money to refund the
bonds. Dame said the issuer was "exploring a federal government program that may
be available to provide essentially a refinancing" and had "retained investment
bankers to assist them with that." He told bondholders he thought the IRS would
give BCDC some time to pursue the option.

But soon afterward, the IRS sent BCDC a proposed adverse determination that its
bonds were taxable.

The official statement for the bonds contains a special mandatory redemption
provision under which the bonds must be redeemed in whole at 105% if there is a
"Determination of Taxability" on the bonds. The redemption must occur "on the
earliest practicable dated selected by the trustee, and in no event later than
90 days following the occurrence of a Determination of Taxability."

The March 8 event notice filed on EMMA said "Unless the issuer is successful in
refinancing the bonds, the issuer will not have sufficient monies to redeem the
bonds upon a mandatory redemption resulting from the occurrence of a
Determination of Taxability."

"The issuer will contact the bond trustee with the intent of obtaining the
approval for a restructuring of the bonds that would result in the reissuance of
the bonds as taxable bonds and waiver of the mandatory redemption," the notice
said, adding, "The issuer anticipates that the bond trustee will seek the advice
and direction from the holders of the bonds. The timing and terms of such
restructuring are yet to be determined."

Mark Scott, former director of the IRS' tax-exempt bond office who now has a
practice representing whistleblowers and said he has some involvement in this
case, said the transaction participants or the IRS should go after the bond
counsel, Sell & Melton in Macon, Ga., who gave the wrong opinion that the bonds
were tax-exempt. "Otherwise it's a free pass for bad bond counsel," Scott said.
R. "Chix" Miller at Sell & Melton could not be reached for comment.

BCDC has hired Raymond James to help it obtain a loan from the Department of
Agriculture's Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program, according to
sources. The program provides low interest loans and grants to help finance the
development of essential community facilities in rural areas. These facilities
must "provide " an essential service to the local community for the orderly
development of the community in a primarily rural area, and " not include
private, commercial or business undertakings."

The 2008 bonds were underwritten by Bergen Capital in New Jersey. Underwriter's
counsel was Hill Wallack in Princeton, N.J. Counsel to the county was Brown &
Broling in Florida.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             March 14, 2017 Tuesday

IRS Taxability Notice Sends Issuer Seeking Call Waiver, Federal Funds

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 1 No. 34675

LENGTH: 802  words


WASHINGTON - Spurred by an Internal Revenue Service ruling that its bonds are
taxable, the Baker Correctional Development Corp. in Florida plans to try to
obtain a waiver from having to call the bonds as well as a federal loan to
refund the bonds from tax-exempt to taxable.

This is the latest information from interviews with the parties involved, a
material event notice BCDC filed with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board
last week and a conference call the Baker County Sheriff's Office held with
bondholders on Feb. 15.

At issue are $45 million of first mortgage revenue bonds that BCDC issued in
2008 to finance the acquisition of land for, and construction of, the Baker
County Detention Facility in MacClenny, Fla.

The detention center, which opened in 2009, is owned by BDCD, a nonprofit formed
in 2006 to acquire and construct one or more jails in Baker County. It is
operated by the Baker County Sheriff's Office and currently holds roughly 500
inmates, about 400 of which are federal.

The IRS began auditing the bonds and last September sent BCDC a Notice of
Proposed Issue suggesting the bonds were taxable.

Under the federal tax law, bonds become private activity bonds if more than 10%
of the proceeds are for private use and more than 10% of the debt service
payments are from, or secured by, private payments. PABs are taxable unless they
fall within one of several "qualified" categories, none of which contain jails.

The IRS considers federal prisoners to be private persons. Most of the Baker
County Detention Center's inmates are from U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement, the U. S. Marshals Service, and the U.S. Bureau of Prisons, Jeffrey
Cox, the finance director for the Baker County Sheriff's Office told bondholders
on the conference call. Cox also said the jail's daily inmate population was up
to roughly 500 and that its finances were in good shape.

Peter Dame, an attorney with the Ackerman law firm in Jacksonville who is
representing BCDC in the IRS dispute, told bondholders that BCDC was trying to
refinance the bonds and get them off the market as tax-exempt. This was
something the IRS wants, he said.

It was clear from the discussion that BCDC does not have the money to refund the
bonds. Dame said the issuer was "exploring a federal government program that may
be available to provide essentially a refinancing" and had "retained investment
bankers to assist them with that." He told bondholders he thought the IRS would
give BCDC some time to pursue the option.

But soon afterward, the IRS sent BCDC a proposed adverse determination that its
bonds were taxable.

The official statement for the bonds contains a special mandatory redemption
provision under which the bonds must be redeemed in whole at 105% if there is a
"Determination of Taxability" on the bonds. The redemption must occur "on the
earliest practicable dated selected by the trustee, and in no event later than
90 days following the occurrence of a Determination of Taxability."

The March 8 event notice filed on EMMA said "Unless the issuer is successful in
refinancing the bonds, the issuer will not have sufficient monies to redeem the
bonds upon a mandatory redemption resulting from the occurrence of a
Determination of Taxability."

"The issuer will contact the bond trustee with the intent of obtaining the
approval for a restructuring of the bonds that would result in the reissuance of
the bonds as taxable bonds and waiver of the mandatory redemption," the notice
said, adding, "The issuer anticipates that the bond trustee will seek the advice
and direction from the holders of the bonds. The timing and terms of such
restructuring are yet to be determined."

Mark Scott, former director of the IRS' tax-exempt bond office who now has a
practice representing whistleblowers and said he has some involvement in this
case, said the transaction participants or the IRS should go after the bond
counsel, Sell & Melton in Macon, Ga., who gave the wrong opinion that the bonds
were tax-exempt. "Otherwise it's a free pass for bad bond counsel," Scott said.
R. "Chix" Miller at Sell & Melton could not be reached for comment.

BCDC has hired Raymond James to help it obtain a loan from the Department of
Agriculture's Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program, according to
sources. The program provides low interest loans and grants to help finance the
development of essential community facilities in rural areas. These facilities
must "provide " an essential service to the local community for the orderly
development of the community in a primarily rural area, and " not include
private, commercial or business undertakings."

The 2008 bonds were underwritten by Bergen Capital in New Jersey. Underwriter's
counsel was Hill Wallack in Princeton, N.J. Counsel to the county was Brown &
Broling in Florida.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Federal grant dollars earmarked for Lakota library upgrades

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


Aug. 09--LAKOTA, N.D. -- The city library in Lakota will see significant
improvements after it received federal approval for grant and loan assistance.

The Lakota CIty Library plans to expand, add a handicap accessible entrance and
update wiring with a $119,800 federal grant, according to news releases from
North Dakota's senators.

The library also will receive a $48,600 federal loan for other improvements.

"Libraries are incredible resources in our communities that can introduce
reading at a young age and provide research capabilities for each one of us,"
Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., said in a news release. "This federal funding will
assist in adding on more space to the Lakota Library and making needed
improvements that will allow the library to serve its community for years to
come. "

The federal funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development's Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant Program.

"Libraries not only provide North Dakotans with access to technology, learning
materials and books, but they're also an important part of the community," Sen.
John Hoeven, R-N.D., said in separate news release. "Today's grant will fund an
addition to Lakota City Library, which will allow residents to enjoy expanded
services."

Lakota, located on U.S. Highway 2 in Nelson County, is 63 miles west of Grand
Forks.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160809-GF-Federal-grant-dollars-earmarked-for-Lakota-library-upgrades-0809-201
60809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                               15 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN SANFORD BISHOP ANNOUNCES RURAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Sanford D. Bishop, Jr has issued the following
news release:



 Congressman Sanford D. Bishop Jr. (GA-02), is pleased to announce that the
Rural Development agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved
$14.3 million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in the
2nd Congressional District of Georgia. These recipients include the Fort Gaines
Police Department, the Ellaville Police Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the
Development Authority of Macon County, and South Georgia Technical College.





 "The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia." said Congressman
Bishop. "These resources will be used to improve educational training, increase
the use of green technology, and replace outdated equipment."



 Pataula Charter Academy in Edison, GA, will receive a $14 million Community
Facility Direct Loan in order to build a new educational facility and
multi-purpose building. The state commissioned charter school serves Baker,
Calhoun, Clay, Early, and Randolph counties, and includes grades K through 12.



 The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 Rural Business
Development Grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a local company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net
zero energy housing.



 The City of Fort Gaines will receive an Economic Impact Initiative Grant of
$50,000 and a Community Facility Loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for use by the Fort Gaines Police Department. Similarly, the
City of Ellaville was awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900
under the Community Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully
equipped patrol vehicle.



 South Georgia Technical College in Sumter County, GA will receive a Rural
Business Development Grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck
driving simulator. Students enrolled in the Commercial Truck Driving Program
will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.



 All five recipients received these grants from the U.S Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency, which provides both technical assistance
and loans, grants, and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural
America. This support is used to help communities with housing, economic
development, health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as
water, electric, and communications infrastructure.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding for the Lakota Library

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced $119,800 in federal grant funding for the
Lakota City Library to build on additional space, add a handicap accessible
entrance, and update wiring for today's technology needs.





 "Libraries are incredible resources in our communities that can introduce
reading at a young age and provide research capabilities for each one of us,"
said Heitkamp. "This federal funding will assist in adding on more space to the
Lakota Library and making needed improvements that will allow the library to
serve its community for years to come. "



 In addition to the federal grant, the library will also receive a federal loan
for $48,600 to further support improvements.



 This federal funding is made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development's Community Facilities Direct Loan & Grant
Program. This program supports the improvement of important community facilities
in rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Lausanne Twp. receives roadwork grant, loan

BYLINE: Tom Ragan, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


July 01--Good news for Lausanne Township -- funding for repaving roads is on the
way.

U.S. Sen. Bob Casey announced that the United States Department of Agriculture
Rural Development has awarded a $9,000 grant and a $49,000 loan to Lausanne
Township in Carbon County.

The funds will be used to re-pave an existing road and repair existing
shoulders, Lausanne Township Chairman John Halechko confirmed Tuesday.

"This investment will help make important infrastructure upgrades in Lausanne
Township," Casey said in a release. "I'll continue to support efforts to ensure
we'll be investing in and improving community development in Carbon County and
across Pennsylvania."

Halechko said the township applied for the grant and loan.

Funds are awarded through the Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant
Program, which aims to provide affordable funding to develop essential community
facilities in rural areas.

tragan@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2015 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150701-ZX-BRF-Lausanne-Twp-receives-roadwork-grant-loan-0701-20150701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2015 Standard-Speaker


                               19 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Southwest Georgia receives $14.3 million in U.S. Department of Agriculture
funding

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Sept. 13--WASHINGTON -- U.S. Rep. Sanford D. Bishop, D-Albany, announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency has approved $14.3
million in project development grants and loans to five recipients in Southwest
Georgia.

The recipients are the Fort Gaines Police Department, the Ellaville Police
Department, Pataula Charter Academy, the Development Authority of Macon County
and South Georgia Technical College, a news release from Bishop's office said.

"The grants and loans awarded by the Rural Development agency will be extremely
beneficial for the 2nd Congressional District of Georgia," he said. "These
resources will be used to improve educational training, increase the use of
green technology and replace outdated equipment."

Pataula Charter Academy in Edison will receive a $14 million community facility
direct loan in order to build a new educational facility and multipurpose
building. The state-commissioned charter school serves Baker, Calhoun, Clay,
Early and Randolph counties, and includes grades K-12.

The Development Authority of Macon County will receive a $99,000 rural business
development grant to purchase a flying saw that will be leased to Enviro
Builders, a company focused on constructing green insulated panels for net-zero
energy housing.

The city of Fort Gaines will receive an economic impact initiative grant of
$50,000 and a community facility loan of $26,800 in order to purchase two new
police vehicles for its police department. The city of Ellaville was also
awarded a grant of $29,500 and a loan totaling $9,900 under the Community
Facility Loan and Grant Program to purchase a new fully-equipped patrol vehicle.

South Georgia Technical College in Americus will receive a rural business
development grant totaling $99,000 to upgrade the college's truck driving
simulator. Students enrolled in the institution's Commercial Truck Driving
Program will benefit from the updated tractor trailers and cabs.

The USDA Rural Development Agency provides both technical assistance and loans,
grants and loan guarantees to support essential services in rural communities.
The support is used to help communities with housing, economic development,
health care, first responder services and equipment, as well as water, electric
and communications infrastructure.

Stay Informed

Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.

Error! There was an error processing your request.

Breaking News Alerts

Get Breaking News alerts from Albany Herald delivered to your email.

Local Newsletter

Local news headlines from Albany Herald.

Sports Newsletter

Sports headlines from Albany Herald.

Manage your lists

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160913-1AH-Southwest-Georgia-receives-14.3-million-in-U-S-Department-of-Agricu
lture-funding-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                               20 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Pittenger wants more flexibility on USDA grants

BYLINE: The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


March 10--WASHINGTON., D.C -- Rep. Robert Pittenger went before a U.S. House
subcommittee Thursday to ask for more eligibility flexibility regarding USDA
Rural Development grant and loan programs.

"I believe it is common sense that we create the necessary flexibility when
making these important determinations, and not prevent critical funding from
reaching those in need due to arbitrary population metrics," Pittenger, a
Republican who represents the 9th District, told the Subcommittee on
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies.

All of Robeson County is in Pittenger's district.

The congressman explained that Robeson County is the poorest of all of North
Carolina's 100 counties, the most ethnically diverse, and the largest by
geography.

"These factors combined should alter how we determine grants, so we do not
preclude cities like Lumberton, the county seat of Robeson County, which is a
prime candidate for USDA Rural Development grants," Pittenger said. "As it
stands, Lumberton recently crossed the 20,000 population threshold, effectively
disqualifying the town from eligibility of programs like the Community
Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program or Economic Impact Initiative Grants."

The county has been afflicted by slow economic growth, he said. It has been
identified by the USDA's Economic Research Service as a "persistent-poverty"
county in which at least 20 percent of the county's population has lived under
the federal poverty level for more than 30 years.

Pittenger ended his remarks to the subcommittee by saying, "I look forward to
working together with you to help find a solution to this national issue."

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

7:53 am

Updated: 11:12 am. |

Grand jury indicts Lumberton woman in fatal vehicle crash

6:48 am

Updated: 8:45 am. |

County leaders spend first day of retreat receiving department briefings

6:26 am

Updated: 8:30 am. |

St. Pauls board learns of $150,000 accounting error

___ (c)2017 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170310-QK-Pittenger-wants-more-flexibility-on-USDA-grants-0310-20170310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2017 The Robesonian


                               21 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Kalkaska to Buy New Snow Removal
Equipment

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Village of
Kalkaska. This funding comes through the USDA's Rural Development Community
Facility Direct Loan and Grant program, which funds critical infrastructure in
rural communities across the country. The $173,000 loan and $11,250 grant will
be used to help the community purchase a front-end loader to clear snow from
roads and parking areas during the winter.

"This investment is great news for Kalkaska," said Stabenow. "Today's
announcement is one example of the role that rural development plays in keeping
families safe across Michigan."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               22 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Kalkaska to Buy New Snow Removal
Equipment

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Village of
Kalkaska. This funding comes through the USDA's Rural Development Community
Facility Direct Loan and Grant program, which funds critical infrastructure in
rural communities across the country. The $173,000 loan and $11,250 grant will
be used to help the community purchase a front-end loader to clear snow from
roads and parking areas during the winter.

"This investment is great news for Kalkaska," said Stabenow. "Today's
announcement is one example of the role that rural development plays in keeping
families safe across Michigan."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               23 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Infrastructure Investments to Help Grow Rural
Businesses and Spur Economic Development

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

As part of the Obama Administration's efforts to invest in infrastructure that
will expand opportunity for all Americans, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
today awarded organizations in 14 states loans and grants to support rural
infrastructure, job creation efforts and business development.

"Our small rural businesses need first-class infrastructure to be world-class
competitors in the global economy," Vilsack said. "To achieve our
community-based development goals, USDA is investing in the infrastructure of
the rural economy by providing loans and grants to local partners who can
leverage the funds with other financing for projects that have broad economic
impacts."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create
and retain employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the
program's reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact.

This funding will help organizations such as the Benton Rural Electric
Association in Washington State, which will use a $750,000 loan and a $300,000
grant to expand the wastewater treatment facility at the port of Sunnyside. This
project serves value-added agricultural processing facilities in the Pacific
Northwest. With improvements made possible by this investment, 50 jobs will be
created and 263 others will be saved.

The Southern Pine Electric Power Association in Taylorsville, Miss., is
receiving a $2 million loan that will be used to help Polk's Food Products
remodel internal refrigerant and process control systems at its
50,000-square-foot plant in Magee, Miss. The project will help save 115 jobs in
Simpson County, a persistent poverty area. USDA is assisting Simpson County
through its StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity, an effort
launched in 2010 to reduce poverty by increasing investments in rural
communities through outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders,
businesses, foundations and other groups working to combat poverty.

In total, Vilsack announced today $22.3 million in loans and grants for REDLG
projects in 14 states.

USDA Rural Development also announced today that its state offices are providing
funding for other infrastructure projects, including $2.3 million in Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant assistance for Cobden, Ill., to replace its
municipal wastewater treatment plant, an $8.3 million Community Facilities
direct loan to construct a science lab/cafeteria/administrative space at the
high school in Santa Maria, Texas, and a $2.3 million Water and Waste Disposal
loan and grant combination to help Clear Lake, S.D., make improvements to its
sanitary sewer system.

Awards for the recipients of the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program and other infrastructure assistance are contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 25,000 rural jobs, provided almost $202 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and has either expanded or helped
establish almost 1,000 rural businesses and community projects.

The REDLG awards announced today are part of the Obama Administration's overall
effort to support rural business development and expansion for a stronger
American economy. USDA is also highlighting support for rural small businesses
as part of National Small Business Week, held this year May 12-16, to celebrate
the critical contributions of small business owners and entrepreneurs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               24 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Minersville approves ordinance joining Schuylkill County Land Bank

BYLINE: Amy Marchiano, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Oct. 16--MINERSVILLE -- The borough council approved an ordinance establishing
the Schuylkill County Land Bank at Tuesday's meeting.

The vote was unanimous. Council member Walter Miscavage called the ordinance a
"landmark."

The ordinance lays out the creation, purpose and defines the responsibilities of
the land bank and those on it. A board of directors will govern the land bank.

"The purpose of this ordinance is to create the Schuylkill County Land Bank that
will use available resources to facilitate the return of vacant, blighted,
abandoned and tax-delinquent properties to productive use, thereby combating
community deterioration, creating economic growth and stabilizing the housing
and job market," the ordinance reads.

The land bank involves the borough, Mahanoy City, Shenandoah, Delano Township,
and the school districts of Minersville, Mahanoy City and Shenandoah.

In other news, the council approved the scheduling of a meeting between Borough
Manager Robert Mahalchick and the United States Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Specialist Tonya Stutzenburg about the Community Facilities Direct
Loan and Grant Program. The program provides funding for essential community
services in rural areas.

The borough also appointed a committee to meet with Stutzenburg. Mahalchick said
the committee consists of five council members Jamie Kuehn, Ian Mahal and Jen
Beach, Mahalchick and borough engineer Don Cuff.

Mahalchick said the borough has some big-ticket items it would like to see get
done and funding would help do this. He did not say how much the borough would
request either through a loan or a grant. Mahalchick said the borough would like
to make improvements to the borough hall including a new roof, new windows and
exterior brick work, possibly a pole building for storage of heavy equipment
such as the loader, which is stored outside, a new pickup truck and a dump
truck. Both vehicles are old and have seen better days. The pickup truck is a
1998 and the dump truck is a 2002 Dodge. A plow package and a salt spreader
would also be useful for the borough, Mahalchick said.

The council also approved a Community Development Block Grant resolution of how
they plan to spend their 2015 funds. This year, they received $84,804. Of that,
$15,264 is for administrative costs, $41,040 for demolition and $28,500 for
sidewalk repairs in the 500 block of Sunbury Street.

Council member Jamie Kuehn talked about the quarterly newsletter sent to borough
residents.

"Our community newsletter needs some help," he said.

The borough pays to mail it but does not pay to publish it. Community
organizations who would like their news published can contact borough hall at
570-544-2149. The borough is preparing for the Halloween parade and
trick-or-treating this year. The parade starts about 7 p.m. Oct. 25. An exact
rain date has not yet been announced but a possibility is Nov. 1, Mahalchick
said. Trick-or-treating is from 6 to 8 p.m. Oct. 29 for children 12 and younger.
A possible rain date may be Oct. 31. The borough recreation committee is
sponsoring a free haunted house event at 116 Carbon St. from 7 to 9 p.m. in the
borough. The theme is "Night at the Old Factory," Mahalchick said.

___ (c)2015 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151016-RN-Minersville-approves-ordinance-joining-Schuylkill-County-Land-Bank-1
016-20151016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2015 Republican & Herald


                               25 of 27 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

$12 million in community funds available for rural areas

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 505  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has announced that
approximately $12 million is available for rural communities in Southern Nevada.
Small communities, municipalities, tribes and nonprofits in areas with a
population of less than 20,000 can apply for grants or loans with the USDA Rural
development. According to Kelly Clark of special projects and public affairs
specialist, the program, entitled the Community Facility Direct Loans and Grants
Program, would allow for community entities to apply for funds for improvement
or needed community facilities. Giving an example of a small community in
Caliente, CA, Clark explained that they had awarded funds to purchase two pumper
trucks for its fire department.

"Community facility loan rates are at record low levels and the term is
flexible," the announcement stated. When contacted for more information, Clark
explained that the funds had to be used for a one time purpose and not for
reoccurring expenses. Clark stated that a loan or a grant could be applied for
to build a medical clinic or for equipment but would not cover such things as
service or maintenance. The program has three categories, starting with health,
followed by public safety and ending with public service. With the public
service category, the funds could be used for adult or child care centers,
courthouses, airports, schools and fairgrounds. With public safety, funds
available could be used to fund police, fire and emergency services. Projects
that could be completed when applied for under the health category could be used
to build hospitals, clinics and nursing homes.

"Priority is given to areas with 5,000 people or less and the deadline for the
fiscal year 2011 is August 1 of 2012," Clark told The Mirror. With the loan
portion of the program, the term limit would depend on the purpose of the loan
with Clark informing The Mirror that if the funds were to be used to buy a fire
truck, the loan would need to be paid off within the life of the truck. As a
example, Clark stated that for a school bus, the loan would be financed for five
to seven years or the standard life of the bus, where as a fire station could be
financed for up to 30 years. The maximum limit is a 40 year loan.

When informed about a recent news article concerning the Town of Amargosa
needing funds for its medical clinic, Clark stated that the town was more than
welcome to apply for the available funds. According to the announcement released
on the matter, for the 2012 fiscal year, the USDARural Development program has
nearly $11.9 million available for direct loans, $ 1.7 million for guaranteed
loans and $89,400 in grants available. There is also approximately $64,900
available under the Economic Impact Initiative grants for communities with an
unemployment rate of 19.5 percent or higher.

Call USDA Rural Development at (775)887-1222 ext. 104 for more information.
There are application guidelines available at www.rurdev.usda.gov

Contact author Genesee Martin by emailing genny.themirror@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                               26 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

USDA Under Secretary visits Boone Memorial Hosptial

BYLINE: Fred Pace, Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 944 words


April 16--MADISON -- Federal, state and local officials and dignitaries visited
Boone Memorial Hospital Thursday to review construction progress on the
hospital's new $37 million hospital project and also to make another major
health care and public safety annoucement.

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa
Mensah and West Virginia USDA Director Bobby Lewis, along with Madison physician
and state Senator Dr. Ron Stollings, members of the Boone County Commission, the
Boone County Ambulance Authority, as well as many other federal, state, local
officials and community members gathered at the hospital for the event.

"We welcome the Under Secretary and are honored by her and the State Director's
plans to visit the hospital to review our construction project's progress. USDA
has been an outstanding partner towards moving our new hospital project to the
construction phase," said Boone Memorial Hospital CEO Virgil Underwood. "Quite
frankly, without USDA's support through its favorable loan rate and terms for
repayments the dream of replacing our aged hospital facility might not have ever
been possible. The USDA State Office has been of tremendous assistance in
helping our efforts to move our hospital project forward."

The USDA committed a $31.8 million loan to Boone Memorial to enable construction
of the hospital's new facility.

"We are truly blessed for the help from the USDA," said state Senator Dr. Ron
Stollings (D-Boone). "This new hospital is critical to providing quality rural
health care in our region as well as help us with economic diversification."

Boone Memorial Hospital closed its $31.8 million loan with USDA on July 22,
2014. Construction started in late July, 2014 within a few days following the
closing of the loan.

Construction has proceeded through the months following to the point that
foundations are completed on approximately 95 percent of the building, hospital
officials reported, and interior masonry walls are nearing completion. The
structural steel has been set on half of the building and the roof deck has been
set on 60 percent of the single story portion of the project, officials added.

"Weather permitting, the pouring of the floor on part of the single story
portion of the project is scheduled to begin this week," said Mark Linville, the
hospital's chief financial officer.

Boone Memorial's current hospital facility was opened in 1964 as a county owned
facility. It was converted to a 501 (c) (3) Non Profit Hospital in the Spring of
2013 to help position the hospital for the development of the new hospital
facility.

It is anticipated the new hospital facility will be open for operation in the
Summer of 2016, Linville added.

Mensah then annouced additional funding to the Boone County Amublance Authority
to build ambulance stations in Boone County.

"Both health care and public safety facilities are opportunities to boost the
local economy," Mensah said. "I am here today to meet with community leaders,
first responders, medical professionals and some of our partners in the private
sector to talk about the importance of these new additions to the community and
the role that rural development plays in ensuring its success."

Mensah presented Randall Lengyel, executive director of the Boone County
Ambulance Authority, with a certificate annoucing the $1,864,000 loan to the
authority to purchase property, construction of two new ambulance stations,
renovate an existing building for use as an ambulance station and to purchase
additional public safety equipment.

Mensah said these projects give a renewed hope for rural America.

"Rural America must thrive for America to thrive," she said. "These projects are
examples of how we can create new health care and public safety facilities in
rural America, which spurs economic growth."

Lengyel said there will be two new stations in Madison.

"We will have one new emergency station on State Street, across from the Boone
County Courthouse, in Madison and on new transport business at 483 State Street,
behind Ferrell & Hill, that will have five to seven crews and offer training as
well."

Lengyel said the funding will also be used for a bigger facility in Racine with
an emergency ambulance and the current Van station will be moved to a new
facility in Bob White.

"We are planning on purchasing new ambulances, as well as reboxing others to
make them new and improved," he said. "We hope to upgrade the county's entire
fleet."

Lengyel said other equipment will be purchased as well.

"We also plan to purchase an oxygen-making machine and will be able to offer
free oxygen to the community in emergency situations such as power outages," he
said.

Training will include EMT and CPR classes, OSHA and mine training and
recertification courses, according to Lengyal.

"We are hoping to train individuals for the expected additional 20 to 25 full
and part time positions we believe this initiative will bring," he said.

The authority funding annoucement was made through Rural Development's Community
Facilities program, Mehsah said.

"USDA's Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant program provides affordable
funding to develop essential community facilities in rural areas," Mehsah
explained. "We know that these investments make a difference in the lives of
local people."

Fred Pace is an editor for Civitas Media. He can be reached at 304-369-1165,
ext. 1661, in Madison; at 304-752-6950, ext. 1729 in Logan; by email at
fpace@civitasmedia.com or @fcpace62 on Twitter.

___ (c)2015 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150416-1WV-USDA-Under-Secretary-visits-Boone-Memorial-Hosptial-0416-20150416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                    Copyright 2015 Coal Valley News, Madison


                               27 of 27 DOCUMENTS


                        The Logan Banner (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

USDA Under Secretary visits Boone Memorial Hosptial

BYLINE: Fred Pace, The Logan Banner, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 942 words


April 19--MADISON -- Federal, state and local officials and dignitaries visited
Boone Memorial Hospital Thursday to review construction progress on the
hospital's new $37 million hospital project and also to make another major
health care and public safety annoucement.

U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Under Secretary for Rural Development Lisa
Mensah and West Virginia USDA Director Bobby Lewis, along with Madison physician
and state Senator Dr. Ron Stollings, members of the Boone County Commission, the
Boone County Ambulance Authority, as well as many other federal, state, local
officials and community members gathered at the hospital for the event.

"We welcome the Under Secretary and are honored by her and the State Director's
plans to visit the hospital to review our construction project's progress. USDA
has been an outstanding partner towards moving our new hospital project to the
construction phase," said Boone Memorial Hospital CEO Virgil Underwood. "Quite
frankly, without USDA's support through its favorable loan rate and terms for
repayments the dream of replacing our aged hospital facility might not have ever
been possible. The USDA State Office has been of tremendous assistance in
helping our efforts to move our hospital project forward."

The USDA committed a $31.8 million loan to Boone Memorial to enable construction
of the hospital's new facility.

"We are truly blessed for the help from the USDA," said state Senator Dr. Ron
Stollings (D-Boone). "This new hospital is critical to providing quality rural
health care in our region as well as help us with economic diversification."

Boone Memorial Hospital closed its $31.8 million loan with USDA on July 22,
2014. Construction started in late July, 2014 within a few days following the
closing of the loan.

Construction has proceeded through the months following to the point that
foundations are completed on approximately 95 percent of the building, hospital
officials reported, and interior masonry walls are nearing completion. The
structural steel has been set on half of the building and the roof deck has been
set on 60 percent of the single story portion of the project, officials added.

"Weather permitting, the pouring of the floor on part of the single story
portion of the project is scheduled to begin this week," said Mark Linville, the
hospital's chief financial officer.

Boone Memorial's current hospital facility was opened in 1964 as a county owned
facility. It was converted to a 501 (c) (3) Non Profit Hospital in the Spring of
2013 to help position the hospital for the development of the new hospital
facility.

It is anticipated the new hospital facility will be open for operation in the
Summer of 2016, Linville added.

Mensah then annouced additional funding to the Boone County Amublance Authority
to build ambulance stations in Boone County.

"Both health care and public safety facilities are opportunities to boost the
local economy," Mensah said. "I am here today to meet with community leaders,
first responders, medical professionals and some of our partners in the private
sector to talk about the importance of these new additions to the community and
the role that rural development plays in ensuring its success."

Mensah presented Randall Lengyel, executive director of the Boone County
Ambulance Authority, with a certificate annoucing the $1,864,000 loan to the
authority to purchase property, construction of two new ambulance stations,
renovate an existing building for use as an ambulance station and to purchase
additional public safety equipment.

Mensah said these projects give a renewed hope for rural America.

"Rural America must thrive for America to thrive," she said. "These projects are
examples of how we can create new health care and public safety facilities in
rural America, which spurs economic growth."

Lengyel said there will be two new stations in Madison.

"We will have one new emergency station on State Street, across from the Boone
County Courthouse, in Madison and on new transport business at 483 State Street,
behind Ferrell & Hill, that will have five to seven crews and offer training as
well."

Lengyel said the funding will also be used for a bigger facility in Racine with
an emergency ambulance and the current Van station will be moved to a new
facility in Bob White.

"We are planning on purchasing new ambulances, as well as reboxing others to
make them new and improved," he said. "We hope to upgrade the county's entire
fleet."

Lengyel said other equipment will be purchased as well.

"We also plan to purchase an oxygen-making machine and will be able to offer
free oxygen to the community in emergency situations such as power outages," he
said.

Training will include EMT and CPR classes, OSHA and mine training and
recertification courses, according to Lengyal.

"We are hoping to train individuals for the expected additional 20 to 25 full
and part time positions we believe this initiative will bring," he said.

The authority funding annoucement was made through Rural Development's Community
Facilities program, Mehsah said.

"USDA's Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant program provides affordable
funding to develop essential community facilities in rural areas," Mehsah
explained. "We know that these investments make a difference in the lives of
local people."

Fred Pace is an editor for Civitas Media. He can be reached at 304-369-1165,
ext. 1661, in Madison; at 304-752-6950, ext. 1729 in Logan; by email at
fpace@civitasmedia.com or @fcpace62 on Twitter.

___ (c)2015 The Logan Banner (Logan, W.Va.) Visit The Logan Banner (Logan,
W.Va.) at www.loganbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150419-EB-USDA-Under-Secretary-visits-Boone-Memorial-Hosptial-0419-20150419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EB


                        Copyright 2015 The Logan Banner
