
                              501 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday

Hooda launches direct benefits transfer scheme

BYLINE: Sukhbir Siwach

SECTION: CHANDIGARH

LENGTH: 1066 words


CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday launched the
Direct Benefits Transfer (DBT) Scheme in Haryana.

In first phase, it has been launched for seven schemes in Ambala and Sonipat
districts of the state. Hooda launched the scheme by sending an email to Deputy
Commissioners of Ambala and Sonepat districts, which was followed by disbursal
of the due amount to 3,338 beneficiaries. These beneficiaries were transferred
an amount of Rs 323.33 lakh.

With this disbursal, Haryana become the leading state to have distributed 25% of
the total central schemes beneficiaries of the country from January 1, 2013.
Describing the DBT scheme as a 'giant leap towards transparent and people
friendly governance', Hooda said that it would prove to be a big help for
beneficiaries as the money would now go straight into their bank accounts.

The Aadhaar enabled DBT would help Union Government in providing end to end
traceability and availability of funds transferred. Aadhaar linked DBT would
help in providing de-duplicated database to the Government while for individual
beneficiaries it would facilitate cash withdrawal from Business Correspondents
or micro ATM across India, he added. Hooda had a video conference with the
Deputy Commissioners of the two districts and beneficiaries, who received the
amount on Friday. Hooda described the scheme as a gift to people from the UPA
government on the occasion of New Year.

He said that the DBT scheme would be beneficial to the poor as they would get
the money in time. He congratulated the concerned on Haryana becoming the
leading state in DBT scheme among the central beneficiaries. Hooda announced
that the state government would launch the DBT scheme in the whole state would
be launched from April 1, 2013 after its successful implementation in Ambala and
Sonipat districts of the state. The scheme would be launched in the whole state
after reviewing the performance in the two districts.

He informed that state's social security scheme has already been implemented in
village Durana of District, where 219 beneficiaries have been benefitted. Hooda
informed that in first phase, Haryana government has launched the DBT scheme for
Post Matric Scholarship for SC Students, Post Matric Scholarship for OBC
Students, National Means-cum-Merit Scholarship Scheme, National Scheme for
incentive for Girl Children for Secondary Education, Post Matric Scholarship for
Minority Students, National Means cum Merit Scholarship for Minorities Scholars
and Janani Suraksha Yojana.

The total numbers of beneficiaries under the above schemes is 9639 in Ambala and
6509 in Sonepat, he added. Launching the scheme in New Delhi on Friday, Hooda
said that all the beneficiaries in the seven schemes in two districts have been
enrolled for generation of Aadhaar number and Adhaar numbers of 6552 (68%)
beneficiaries in district Amabla and 5227 (80%) beneficiaries in district
Sonepat had been generated till yesterday. We have facilitated the opening of
bank accounts of all those beneficiaries, who did not have their bank account,
he added.

Hooda said that Haryana Government has been implementing various schemes of
direct cash transfer to the targeted beneficiaries. With the launching of the
present scheme, however, a huge qualitative change has been brought out by
linking the beneficiaries to UID or Aadhaar numbers, he noted. Hooda also asked
the implementing agencies to put in place 'a very robust machinery and manpower
so that the scheme succeed in letter and spirit'. The detailed networking and
forward and backward linkages should not be lost sight of at any cost and in
fact, the actual hard work would start now, he added while adding a word of
caution for the implementing agencies, particularly the banks. Hooda said that
to begin with, Haryana Government has decided to operate the DBT scheme only for
Government of India's schemes and state schemes would be incorporated later
after the stabilization of the system in the state. Hooda said that direct cash
benefit scheme is a path breaking initiative of our social policy.

It would provide greater security to the poor. It is also a significant step in
our move to achieve financial inclusion. Fifty years ago who could think of poor
people interacting with the banks for routine transactions? It is a reality
today. We can legitimately hope now that eventually a day would come when all
benefits and schemes would be universally accessed through such a scheme, he
further added. Hooda said that DBT scheme is a move towards transparent
governance as it will help in eliminating bogus and spurious claimants.

It will instill a sense of dignity and confidence in the minds of beneficiaries.
Secondly, this initiative will enable the beneficiaries to make choices in how
to spend their money, because, regular payment will enable them to plan their
day-to-day expenditure issues. In a way, it will provide a kind of insurance to
the poor, he added.

Hooda said that Haryana Government has been implementing various schemes of
direct cash transfer to the targeted beneficiaries, for quite some time. With
the launching of the present scheme, however, a huge qualitative change has been
brought out by linking the beneficiaries to UID or Aadhaar numbers. Aadhaar or
UID is an end-to-end solution to a number of issues and this is the fundamental
basis of an individual's identity, he added. The Aadhaar Payment Bridge provides
transparent mechanism to check the outflow of cash benefit to the beneficiary
account.

A MIS is generated every evening whereby the concerned department could verify
how much amount has been transferred to which beneficiary and in which bank
account. In case the cash transfer has not been done, the department would
immediately come to know, the payment could not be processed. Aadhaar Payment
Bridge also ensures that there is no duplication, falsification in transfer of
benefits to identified beneficiaries under the identified government schemes.
Haryana Chief Secretary, PK Chaudhery, Principal Secretary to Chief Minister,
Chhattar Singh, DDG of UIDAI, Keshni Anand Arora, Principal OSD to CM, MS
Chopra, Media Advisor to CM, Shiv Bhattia, Secretary Coordination, TC Gupta,
Director General Information, Public Relations and Cultural Affairs, Sudhir
Rajpal and number of senior officers were also present on the occasion.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday
                                Surveys Edition

Lifting the veil on a complex and often confusing industry

BYLINE: David Jackson

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 1044  words


Lifting the veil on a complex and often confusing industry

Learn about the best options available to you ahead of state's planned NHI
scheme, writes DAVID JACKSON

MEDICAL aid schemes are often seen as a minefield of bewilderment and confusion
for South African consumers, many of whom do not understand the intricacies or
even the basic principles of how medical schemes operate in practice.

Medical aid is regarded by many families and individuals as a & grudge purchase&
Yet our medical aid coverage, in whatever form it takes, can be a lifeline in
the event of unexpected illness and serious accidents, among a comprehensive
list of available benefits. Medical aid also gives us access to some of the
finest private healthcare services and treatment available in the world.

SA is taking the first tentative steps towards the introduction of a National
Health Insurance (NHI) scheme, along the lines of the National Health Service
that has been operating in Britain, for example, for many years.

Ultimately, the NHI will aim to provide access to universal healthcare coverage
for all of SA's citizens. But the NHI is more than a decade away from becoming a
reality. And for now, medical aid schemes will continue to play a pivotal role
as a & gateway& between South African consumers and a

range of quality healthcare services designed to suit their healthcare needs.

As a public service in helping to lift the veil on this complex industry and to
increase the profile and understanding of the role of medical aid schemes,
Business Day - in association with the Board of Healthcare Funders - will be
publishing a series of features over the next few months aimed at enhancing
consumer awareness and knowledge of the medical scheme industry.

The features will aim to change consumer perceptions about medical aid schemes
and to provide a better understanding of how schemes can produce tangible
benefits in helping consumers to offset unexpected medical expenses and to
prepare for longer-term healthcare security.

We will also seek to assist consumers in becoming better informed about how
medical schemes work, both at the point of service and in the process of
choosing a medical scheme. It will aim to raise the level of debate on medical
schemes, while at the same time increasing awareness of the forthcoming NHI.

The first medical aid scheme in SA was formed in about 1889 by De Beers - known
as the De Beers Benefit Society. The scheme was started for the employees of De
Beers and was based on social solidarity principles, unlike conventional modern
insurance principles where risk rating is applied.

However, says Heidi Kruger, head of communications for the Board of Healthcare
Funders, these initial social solidarity principles were eventually superceded.
By the 1980s, medical schemes were operating more like the purveyors of
insurance products and less like organisations based on social solidarity
principles.

As a result, they were beginning to risk rate scheme members using criteria such
as their age and health status and the size of the group they belonged to, among
others.

But in 1998, when SA's new Medical Schemes Act was introduced, the emphasis
changed again and the medical scheme environment reverted back to a system based
on social solidarity principles.

The thinking behind the new medical scheme legislation, Kruger says, was that
the government perceived a need to protect medical scheme members in the private
sector and to ensure that those belonging to restricted schemes, such as
employer groups for example, had their interests looked after. Another reason
was that the Medical Schemes Act was seen as complementary to national health
policy and the South African constitution.

& Today, social solidarity principles are very much a cornerstone of how medical
schemes operate. Key principles now include community rating, where everyone is
charged the same, no matter how old or sick they are,& says Kruger.

In addition, she says, no matter what benefit option members may be on - and how
much they are paying for that service - every medical scheme is obliged to offer
a basket of benefits known as prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs).

Dr Humphrey Zokufa, CEO of the Board of Healthcare Funders, says that up to 25%
of medical scheme premiums can go into savings accounts. The balance must go
into the scheme's risk pool of money - the member contribution component that is
used to pay for services when needed. The savings account, on the other hand,
can be used to pay for day-to-day services such as visits to doctors and
dentists, while higher cost items - such as

in-hospital treatment - will come out of the risk pool.

Zokufa says that the NHI scheme - to which the South African government is
committed in the longer term - works on exactly the same principles as a medical
aid. In this scenario everyone who is working, or has the means to do so, pays
into a national health insurance scheme - through, for instance, a payroll tax
that is earmarked for the NHI. This money will be pooled and spent for the
benefit of everybody in the country - whether employed or otherwise -

who is in need of healthcare or medical treatment.

& The most sophisticated healthcare systems in the world are based on this
principle of social solidarity,& says Zokufa.

& The principle is that you should not discriminate against people on the
grounds of health, whereby relatively wealthy people get a better level of
healthcare because they are in a better position to afford it. In this social
solidarity system, everyone benefits equally.

& And the more you earn, the more you will pay into a national health insurance
scheme - such as in the UK - and you effectively cross-subsidise those people
who are non-earners or who earn less than you.

& So an NHI - as with medical aid schemes - would work on the basis of risk
cross-subsidisation as well as income cross-subsidisation, where the more
affluent members of society cross-subsidise the poor.& 8226;The Board of
Healthcare Funders is the representative body for medical schemes and their
members. It represents medical schemes in SA, Namibia, Botswana, Lesotho and
Zimbabwe. One of its core functions is to engage with the government and to
assist and collaborate with schemes on collective industry issues.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday

More than 10,000 people die annually in Karachi due to contaminated water

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 271

LENGTH: 401  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) survey report published
on Friday said that in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of
renal infection caused by contaminated water. PCRWR conducted Technical
Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains of 22 districts of Sindh,
which summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of providing
water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes. Now fact is that 58% of the schemes are not functioning
properly and as a result, nearly 47% of the total population remains unserved by
the water supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98% of the functional schemes are providing
unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water charges
per scheme,figure out to Rs. 2 per month. Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said
lack of proper management,operation and maintenance of the water systems is one
of the critical issues of the water supply schemes. On the overall, 75 % of the
total 718 non-functional schemes have been found as temporarily closed.

The Chairman said the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes
are financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water
delivery and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or
transformer. The survey result have shown that 95% water sources of the
functional schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological
contamination has been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes
. According to the survey, 9% of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16% of the
schemes are 20-25 years old,28% schemes are between 15-20 years old, whereas 47%
schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years. It necessitates a
program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in
the district and the priority should be given to the older schemes. These
remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future water
requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           WeekendPost (South Africa)

                                August 20, 2011
                                Leisure Edition

How medical schemes are run vital factor in making choice

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 372 words



 UNDERSTANDING the way your medical scheme's administration is structured can
give you important clues as to how decisions are made about the benefits you
receive for your money.




 "The first thing to understand is that despite popularly held beliefs, medical
schemes are not allowed to make a profit - the money they hold, they hold on
behalf of their members," explains Beverley Carrozzo, the scheme manager of
Profmed.

 On the other hand, the companies that administrate the medical schemes are
entitled to turn a profit, and it is to these administrators that many medical
schemes hand over their administration, for a fee.

 "Medical schemes can be run in one of three ways," says Carrozzo. "The scheme
can hand over the entirety of the administration of the scheme to the
administrator; they can employ staff to handle the administration in-house; or
they can manage the scheme themselves but outsource the contribution and claims
administration to an administrator."

 Carrozzo says when everything is handed over to an administrator, this can be
likened to "putting the fox in charge of the chicken coop".
 "In this scenario, decisions can be made for the financial benefit of the
administrator, rather than for the members."

 At the opposite end of the spectrum, a medical scheme can handle all its
administration internally, without involving an administrator at all.
 "The disadvantage of self-administration is that the principal officer or chief
executive should be able to hold someone accountable for mismanagement or
maladministration," Carrozzo says.

 In the third scenario, when the member administration is handled by an
administrator, but the management of the affairs of the scheme is still
controlled by the scheme, a more balanced approach is achieved. "Management of
the scheme is controlled by the scheme, and benefits are designed to suit the
scheme members, while the day-to-day administration is handled by the
administrator."

  Another important factor to find out about your prospective scheme is how the
administration is structured. It can give you a broader idea of the ethics and
concerns of the scheme, which could impact on the benefits with which you are
provided.

 MEDICAL SCHEME WIZ: Beverley Carrozzo

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekend


                         Copyright 2011 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday

Hurdles ahead for town-planning schemes

BYLINE: Radheshyam Jadhav

SECTION: PUNE

LENGTH: 706 words


PUNE: Town-planning schemes (TPS) proposed on over 1,400 acres in the 23 fringe
villages surrounding Pune have become a bone of contention between the Pune
Municipal Corporation and the state government. Pressure has been mounting on
the state to scrap these schemes, but political parties in the civic body have
unanimously supported them.

The City Improvement Committee (CIC) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on
Monday approved the TP schemes proposed in the draft Development Plan (DP) for
the 23 merged villages. "The resolution will be tabled before the general body
(GB) on Thursday. After the GB clears the resolution, it will be sent to the
state government," CIC chairman Virendra Kirad told reporters.

It is up to the state to decide about the TP schemes. Eight TP schemes have been
implemented so far since they were launched in 1935. Town-planning schemes are
the best way to execute the development plan for a city. Land is pooled and
amenities and facilities are developed so that the community gets an equitable
share of the land. The schemes are for a smaller area and can be incorporated
into the DP.

Scrapping of the town-planning schemes would benefit the builders' lobby. "A
section of developers and builders is mounting pressure on the state government
to scrap the TP schemes as they will have no role to play if they are approved.
In fact, the urban development department had received orders to cancel the TP
schemes. But timely intervention by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stopped it
and the PMC's views were sought," said a senior Congress leader.

In a recent letter, the state town-planning director had asked the municipal
commissioner to submit the PMC's views on the town-planning schemes in the draft
DP.

The civic chief asked the corporators to decide. However, leaders of all the
political parties objected to the letter, saying that once the general body had
approved a resolution to implement the TPS , the government should not seek the
PMC's views again.

As of now, the TP schemes have the backing in Pune's political circles. Trouble
may start when the resolution goes to the state government for final approval.
Urban planners are worried that the TP schemes may get mired in problems like
the biodiversity park projects.

For one, the state government may buckle under pressure to scrap the TP schemes.
"The ball would be in the state government's court. It can either agree to the
PMC's decision or scrap the resolution. Under the MRTP Act, 1966, the state
government is the final authority. If it decides to scrap the PMC's decision it
can do so without asking for any suggestion or objections from the public. In
such a case, the PMC can approve another resolution demanding TP schemes," said
a civic official.

"The DP for 23 villages is pending because of TP schemes and water scarcity
zones. There is a demand to scrap the TP scheme, but the Congress supports
them," said Aba Bagul, Congress leader in the PMC. "There is no question of
opposing the TP schemes as it is one of the best options available for
infrastructure development," said Nilesh Nikam, NCP leader in the PMC.

Shiv Sena leader Sham Deshpande said that the state government cannot ask the
PMC for its views on TP schemes as the GB has approved the DP for 23 villages
which included TP schemes.

BJP leader in the PMC Mukta Tilak said that the state government was not
interested in approving the DP for the 23 merged villages. "Once the GB has
approved the TP schemes, the state government should not go into it again and
again. The DP should be approved immediately," said Tilak.

Independent corporator Ujwal Keskar said that the Maharashtra Regional and Town
Planning Act (MRTP) Act, 1966, has no provision to keep the TP scheme
reservation in the DP. "TP schemes are a must for infrastructure development and
the state government should support the PMC in their implementation," said
Keskar.

"Deccan Gymkhana is one of the best examples of TP scheme. They are the most
judicious and equitable way of infrastructure development where land pooling and
distribution are keys," said urban planner Anita Gokhale Beninger. Prabhat road
and Bhandarkar road were also developed on TP scheme models.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical task team will not deal with PMB 'hot potato';
The issue of how much medical schemes have to pay out for prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) - benefits for life-threatening medical conditions that schemes,
by law, must pay for - is not on the agenda for the industry task team,
according to the new Registrar of Medical Schemes. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 849 words


The medical schemes industry task team set up to address issues around the
prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) will not deal with the controversial issue of
schemes paying for the PMBs at cost, the new Registrar of Medical Schemes said
this week.

The registrar, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, put out a circular saying the task team
will continue with a view to developing a code of conduct on PMB compliance, but
that the interpretation of regulation eight of the Medical Schemes Act will not
form part of the team's terms of reference.

Regulation eight was intended to protect you, as a medical scheme member, by
ensuring that your scheme provides you with certain essential healthcare
benefits.

The regulation states that your scheme must pay all PMB claims in full without
co-payments.

The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Board has interpreted this to mean that
schemes must pay in full regardless of the rate at which a doctor or other
healthcare provider charges you for a PMB.

Schemes believe the interpretation given to this regulation gives doctors and
other healthcare providers a blank cheque to charge members as much as they like
for PMBs and they are concerned that this interpretation will lead to healthcare
providers charging more and this will increase the schemes' costs and thus your
contributions.

Last month, the Council for Medical Schemes called a workshop of stakeholders,
including medical schemes, consumer groups, doctor and hospital associations,
and administrators, to set up the task team.

The issue of the interpretation of regulation eight was one of the main issues
raised at the workshop. At that forum, Moremi Nkosi, the director of health
insurance in the Department of Health, said Health Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi
does not believe that PMBs for medical schemes should be treated as a blank
cheque for health- care providers.

Nkosi said then that if the law relating to the PMBs was a problem, the new PMB
task team should discuss this and how to address it.

Representatives from each stakeholder group were elected to continue the task
team's work and to set up its terms of reference.

But late last week, a meeting of representatives elected at the workshop was
abandoned when a scheme representative, Neil Nair, the principal officer of
Samwumed, a restricted medical scheme for municipal workers, asked for an
undertaking that regulation eight would be reviewed.

When this was not forthcoming, Nair asked to temporarily withdraw to seek a
mandate from schemes.

The task team meeting was then abandoned, but this week Gantsho said the team
will continue its work to establish a code of conduct by July 15.

Gantsho says representatives on the team who want to withdraw from it should
notify his office.

best way forward

Nair said he would consult with other schemes, but he believed the best way
forward was to approach a court and ask it for a declaratory order on how
regulation eight should be interpreted and whether it did indeed mean that
schemes must pay whatever doctors charge for PMBs.

The Board of Healthcare Funders, which represents a number of schemes, has also
asked its members how they wish to proceed.

Gantsho told Personal Finance that the Council for Medical Schemes did not make
the law or its regulations and does not have the authority to amend it.

He says the task team was formed to deal with issues arising out of regulation
eight and many other problems with the implementation of the PMBs, and its aim
is to try to resolve some of these issues by establishing a code of conduct for
schemes and providers.

He says that should the task team need to discuss the problems of regulation
eight, it could not be prevented from doing so, but neither it nor the council
itself has the authority to amend the regulation.

The council can only, like other stakeholders, participate in a ministerial
process that is considering the regulation, he says.

Motsoaledi appointed Gantsho as registrar on June 1. Gantsho is a medical doctor
who has been the manager of the Private Practice Unit within the South African
Medical Association (Sama) for the past five years.

In addition to his medical qualification, Gantsho has a Master's degree in
political science and economics. He is a fellow at the Centre for Leadership and
Public Values at the Graduate School of Business at the University of Cape Town
and at the Terry Sanford Institute of Public Policy at Duke University in the
United States.

The Registrar of Medical Schemes is the chief executive officer of the office of
the Council for Medical Schemes, which is responsible for regulating your
medical scheme.

Regulatory policies are set by members of the Council for Medical Schemes, who
are also appointed by the Minister of Health.

The registrar's position has been vacant since the previous registrar, Patrick
Masobe, left in February last year. Since then there have been two acting
registrars. Patrick Matshidze, was acting registrar until November last year
when he resigned from the council. Craig Burton-Durham, the head of the Council
for Medical Schemes legal unit, has been acting registrar since November.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                                   e2 Edition

curatorship: what it means

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 225 words


The Registrar of Medical Schemes can ask a High Court to place a scheme under
curatorship if he believes its board of trustees is not performing its functions
in accordance with the Medical Schemes Act or if the scheme is in financial
difficulty.

The court then gives the curator the power to run the scheme. The curator will
manage the scheme until its finances are in order or good governance procedures
are in place, and then will oversee the election of a new board.

If your scheme is under curatorship, it does not necessarily mean you should
abandon ship or that you should give up on the scheme and stop paying
contributions.

Curators have managed schemes back to health.

Some schemes are put under curatorship, despite being strong financially,
because the trustees have been mismanaging the affairs of the scheme. Pro Sano
Medical Scheme is currently under curatorship for this reason.

If your scheme is in financial difficulty, it is likely that it will introduce
contribution increases and/or benefit reductions and/or other measures, such as
co-payments.

You may want to consider joining another scheme, but you should first consider
all the implications of joining a new medical scheme.

Make sure you understand any waiting periods that may apply when you join a new
scheme and that you are familiar with the benefits offered by the new scheme.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                December 3, 2006

Cash: Advice: Ten things you need to know about ... THE PENSION PROTECTION FUND

SECTION: OBSERVER CASH PAGES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 366 words


1T he Pension Protection Fund (PPF) was set up in April last year in order to
pay compensation to eligible members of final salary pension schemes when the
companies operating these schemes go bust.

2 The first payments from the pension protection fund were made to pensioners
last Friday.

3 The first three schemes whose members are benefiting from PPF payments are the
Chilton Scotland pension scheme, the Padiham Retirement Benefits Plan and BDH
Retirement Benefits Scheme. Forty-six members of the three schemes have received
compensation.

4 The scheme expects to pay compensation to 6,000 more members by the end of the
financial year.

5 Some 127 schemes and 93,000 members are undergoing assessment for cover by the
PPF. Its chairman, Lawrence Churchill, says there will now be a 'continuous
flow' of schemes completing this assessment.

6 A total of 98 pension schemes and 43,000 people are already covered by the
fund.

7 The fund is designed to pay 100 per cent of a person's pension fund in
compensation to those members who have reached the scheme's normal pension age,
and for those below normal pension age who get survivors' benefit or an
ill-health pension. It will pay out 90 per cent of the fund for people who are
still of working age.

8 Pension schemes pay for the PPF. Each fund's contribution is a combination of
a charge per scheme member and a risk-based levy based on the size of any
shortfall in the pension fund.

9 Members of final salary schemes should have received a letter recently
detailing the extent of any deficit or surplus of their pension scheme. The
sending of these letters was made compulsory under the Pension Act 2004, but any
scary-sounding figures should not be taken as an indication that your scheme or
pension is at risk. The statement is designed to provide you with information
about what might happen to the scheme in certain circumstances.

10 The PPF is designed to cover only those pension schemes that have gone bust
since its launch. The Financial Assistance Scheme has been set up to pay
compensation to some scheme members whose pension funds became insolvent between
January 1997 and April 2005.

Pension protection Fund: www.pensionprotectionfund.org.uk


LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          February 21, 1998, Saturday

Employees can take a stake

BYLINE: Hazel Spink

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 873 words


Hazel Spink on the growing popularity of share schemes

Share schemes are designed to enable employees to build up shareholdings in the
companies they work for, but they have acquired a bad name for allowing "fat
cats" to grow even fatter.

The infamous former chief executive of British Gas, Cedric Brown, was pilloried
when it was revealed that his salary had leapt from Pounds 270,000 a year to
Pounds 475,000 a year and that he was also going to benefit from a long-term
share scheme.

This is not really what share schemes are supposed to be about. Employee share
schemes are designed to encourage company loyalty, to motivate staff and reward
them when, as a result of their efforts, the company does well.

It was revealed this week that Lloyds TSB had helped to create up to 50 new
millionaires through its share option scheme. Hundreds more have built up
holdings worth hundreds of thousands of pounds. One messenger has a stash of
options worth Pounds 300,000.

This is largely because of Lloyds TSB's spectacular performance. Over the past
five years Lloyds's share price has increased by more than 500 per cent, from
Pounds 1.54 in 1993 to Pounds 9.48 at its peak this year. An employee who bought
into the group's save as you earn (SAYE) scheme in 1993 and contributed the
maximum amount allowable, could easily have built up a shareholding of Pounds
152,000 for an outlay of just Pounds 15,000.

Save as you earn schemes, or sharesave schemes as they are sometimes called,
allow employees to save over three or five years to buy shares in their employer
at a discounted price. With a five-year contract the money can be left in the
scheme for a further two years to qualify for an additional tax-free bonus.

SAYE schemes are one of three types of share schemes which are approved by the
Inland Revenue and qualify for tax breaks. There are thought to be around 1,700
SAYE schemes now in operation.

Under SAYE schemes, employees are granted options to buy shares at the end of
the savings term, at up to 20 per cent less than the market value of shares at
the time the options were granted.

The minimum monthly contribution is Pounds 5 and the maximum is Pounds 250. This
is an overall amount, so if your employer offers a new scheme each year, you can
only contribute up to Pounds 250 a month in total.

SAYE schemes qualify for a tax-free bonus. For a three-year contract this is
three times the monthly premium, for a five-year contract it is nine times the
monthly premium, and for a seven-year term it is 18 times. These are laid down
by the Government.

When you exercise your options there is no income tax to pay and capital gains
tax is payable only if you have exceeded the annual exemption, and even then
only on the difference between the price at which you were able to buy the
shares and the current market value.

If at the end of the savings period your employer has not done very well and you
decide not to exercise your options you can simply take your money and run. If
you leave your firm to join another before the end of the savings period, the
money you have saved, plus interest, will be returned to you.

Chris Ring, head of stockbroking at NatWest Stockbrokers, said: "Save as you
earn schemes offer a 'no lose' situation - when the time comes, you need only
exercise your options if the share price is higher than when you were allocated
your shares."

The second type of Inland Revenue-approved scheme is the profit share scheme.
There are thought to be around 900 of these schemes in the UK.

Under profit share schemes, employees are given free shares, which are held in
trust. The shares must stay in the trust for at least two years, and for three
years if the employee wants to receive the shares without incurring income tax.

When they sell their shares, employees may be liable to capital gains tax on the
difference between the value of shares when they were allocated to them and the
price of shares when they sell them.

Some schemes operate a "buy one get one free" policy with the company's shares.

The maximum value of shares permitted to be given in any one year is the greater
of Pounds 3,000 or 10 per cent of salary, up to a maximum of Pounds 8,000. Both
SAYE schemes and profit share schemes must be open to all employers, except new
joiners, and are therefore not used for so called "fat cats".

The third type of Inland Revenue-approved scheme is the company share option
scheme, which does not have to be made available to all employees.

The employer can choose which employees to offer the scheme to. Formerly known
as executive share option schemes, company share option schemes enable
individuals to receive options over shares worth up to Pounds 30,000.

To qualify for income tax relief employees must not exercise their option within
three years of being granted them and must do so within ten years.

They must not exercise their options within three years of exercising any other
tax-relieved options. It is estimated that there are around 6,000 of these
schemes, but because they are selective rather than being available to all
employees, they do not account for as many individuals as SAYE schemes.


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Newspapers Limited


                              510 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                             July 13, 1997, Sunday

WHAT WILL MONEY PURCHASE BUY FOR YOU?

BYLINE: Christine Stopp

SECTION: THE OBSERVER BUSINESS PAGE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1947 words

HIGHLIGHT: Start asking questions if your employer joins the rush to cheaper
schemes, advises CHRISTINE STOPP


THOUSANDS of staff whose employers save money by changing from final salary
pension schemes to cheaper money purchase plans will end up with less secure
benefits and lower pensions.

The Budget changes to Advance Corporation Tax are encouraging finance directors
to end the dearer schemes which pay two-thirds of an employee's final salary.

GMB national pensions officer Bill Day says a switch to a money purchase scheme
is an attempt to control and reduce future pension costs. Research from the
National Association of Pension Funds shows that 'money purchase schemes tend to
have lower employer contribution rates' - 5.6 per cent, on average compared with
about 8 per cent in final salary schemes.

'If less money is going into the scheme, there will be less security of benefits
and lower pensions,' says Day.

Many employers still operate final salary - also known as 'defined benefit' -
schemes. With these, your pension rights accrue each year in the company fund to
give a pension of two-thirds of your final pay - assuming you stay with the firm
all your working life.

The money purchase - or 'defined contribution' - schemes work like personal
pensions: you build up your own fund through contributions. This may come from
employer, employee or both - and the eventual fund buys an annuity. The size of
your pension fund depends on the amount you put in and the investment growth.

A crucial difference between final salary and money purchase schemes is that the
employer takes the risk in final salary schemes, while the employee takes this
burden in money purchase schemes.  For example, companies running final salary
schemes will have to make up the shortfall caused by the Budget's ACT change -
since they have promised their staff they will get a certain proportion of their
final pay.  But companies running money purchase schemes do not have to worry so
much about the change - their only promise is to make a certain level of
contributions.

Depending on the stock market, inflation and the fund's liabilities, company
contributions to final salary schemes can vary a lot from year to year. The
recent Pensions Act has, say employers, imposed extra costs and bureaucracy.

For all these reasons, employers are changing their approach. 'Final salary
schemes are just not being set up any more,' says Paul Johnson of the Institute
of Fiscal studies.

Though excellent for employees who stay with one company, final salary schemes
can be poor value for those - the vast majority of workers - who change jobs at
least once.  For these people, money purchase may offer a better deal.

Johnson thinks they are 'probably a good deal for most people, because those who
leave will not be cross-subsidising those who stay'.

Most companies making the change do not abolish the original scheme. They
usually close it to new employees and offer existing staff the chance to switch.
The new scheme may be a company money purchase scheme or a group personal
pension, which is simply a collection of personal pensions branded with the
company's name.

Employers may offer financial incentives to encourage switching, says Mark
Stewart of actuary Watson Wyatt, but employees still need to consider whether a
move is right for them. The decision is hardest for employees in their
mid-forties to mid-fifties, says Day.

The level of information and advice is crucial, adds Stewart. 'With money
purchase schemes, individuals are required to make more decisions - so they need
to have the full facts.'

Andrew Warwick Thompson of actuary Bacon & Woodrow says the best money purchase
schemes offer a good communications package - often an interactive PC program
that leads members through the decision process.

Schemes set up by employers merely to cut costs may not have such sophisticated
advice on offer.

S O IF your company is joining the likes of Barclays Bank, Blue Circle and
Whitbread in introducing a money purchase scheme, there are a number of points
to watch:

* How do contributions - yours and the employer's - compare with the final
salary scheme? You should look for a minimum of 10 per cent of salary overall,
with the employee paying no more than a third, says actuary Bryn Davies of Union
Pension Services.

* How do projected benefits compare? What about life cover, ill health and early
retirement arrangements?

* Are benefits age-related? A level contribution rate will tend to favour
younger employees.

* Is the scheme a collective scheme or a group personal pension? Employee
representation among collective scheme trustees offers a degree of protection
absent from personal pensions.

* What range of investment funds is offered, and what is the investment
performance record of the investment managers?

* Is there a 'lifestyle' feature, which moves your funds automatically into
safer holdings as you get near retirement?

* What sort of advice and information is on offer to individual employees who
are being encouraged to switch?

* Is there an adviser's commission to be paid and, if so, who meets the bill?
Who pays for continuing scheme charges?

* What happens to the benefits you have accrued to date in the final salary
scheme?

Figures produced by pension fund manager Gartmore suggest that pension
contributions will have to go up if an employee wants to match former final
salary benefits through a money purchase scheme.

A 35-year-old man earning pounds 30,000 a year, assuming 3 per cent annual
salary growth and investment growth of 9 per cent, will need to make level
contributions of pounds 299 a month (about 12 per cent of salary) to achieve a
two-thirds final salary pension of pounds 48,600.

T HE UNION view, expressed by Davies, is that benefits will be lower if
companies are switching merely to save money.  Actuaries admit that this does
happen, but all parties agree that good money purchase schemes can be
attractive. Johnson points out that they will offer pension rights to groups
such as supermarket check-out operators, who may work part-time and for short
periods, and who would be poorly served by final salary schemes.

The disappearance of final salary schemes is not imminent, but money purchase
seems to be the way forward. A Confederation of British Industry survey of
employers in 1994 showed that, if they could start again, almost two-thirds of
companies would set up money purchase schemes.

A joint TUC/Union Pensions Services booklet, 'Getting the best from defined
contribution schemes', is available, price pounds 7.50, from 0171 467 1294.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              511 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     American Bankruptcy Institute Journal

                                  25-3 ABIJ 30

                                   April 2006

Column:

European Update

U.K.'s Chapter 11 Plan: Schemes of Arrangement

Contributing Editor: Sandy Shandro, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer; London n1,
sandy.shandro@freshfields.com





   n1 Contributing authors were Neil Golding, Catherine Derrick and Craig
Montgomery in London.


Sandy Shandro is head of the Restructuring and Insolvency Group at Freshfields,
an international firm with fully integrated offices in all of the major
financial and industrial centres of Europe.

LENGTH: 2658 words

TEXT:

    [*30]  Editor's Note: Bankruptcy practitioners in Europe are often in the
fortunate position of being able to assist U.S. lawyers involved in developing a
chapter 11 plan by making use of similar methods of compromising claims on the
other side of the Atlantic. Very often, this assistance occurs within the
framework of two sets of parallel proceedings with the shared objective of a
deal that will bind all relevant creditors (whether subject to U.S. jurisdiction
or not). Our article this month considers "schemes of arrangement," which for
more than 100 years have played the role of a chapter 11 plan in the United
Kingdom and throughout the Commonwealth.

   A scheme of arrangement under section 425 of the Companies Act of 1985 is a
procedure under which a company may make a compromise with its creditors or any
class of them. Schemes have been used in the United Kingdom (and in many other
Commonwealth jurisdictions) for many years. It is the nearest U.K. equivalent to
a chapter 11 plan.

   In this article, we consider how the courts have approached challenging
issues that have recently arisen in two contexts where schemes are used: first,
where they are used as part of a financial restructuring to compromise
bondholders; and second, where they are used to shorten the run-off of solvent
insurance companies.

   A three-stage process exists for promoting a scheme of arrangement:

     . A company must apply to the Court for permission to hold a meeting
     of its creditors. This can be one meeting unless it is felt that
     different classes of creditors have rights that are so different that
     they cannot reasonably consult together with a view to a common
     interest (the so-called "common-interest test"). In that case, a
     separate meeting is held for each class.
     . Meetings are then held, and each class must vote in favour of the
     scheme by a simple majority in number and 75 percent in value.
     . The company then returns to Court for sanction of the scheme. The
     Court must exercise its discretion and be satisfied that the scheme is
     fair and such as an intelligent and honest creditor voting in his own
     interest might reasonably approve.

It is the responsibility of the applicant to determine the correct classes. If
the classes are incorrectly constituted, the court will not have the
jurisdiction to sanction the scheme at the third stage. The common-interest test
is a high hurdle, and many schemes proceed on the basis of a single class.
Because any class can block the scheme, the concept is very different from class
voting in a chapter 11 reorganisation plan.

   When sanctioned by the requisite majority and the court, a scheme will bind
all members and creditors, regardless of whether they had notice.

Bondholders and Schemes

   The role of bondholders within U.K. restructurings has increased dramatically
over the past few years. This is because of the increasing complexity in capital
structures and the growth of U.S.-based investors in European debt.

   When a company is in financial difficulties, the ideal solution is a
consensual restructuring, but due to the varied interests of the stakeholders,
most "consensual" workouts will inevitably involve some sort of cramdown or
threat of cramdown. The starting point is that all unsecured financial creditors
should be treated equally, but there will inevitably be those who try to extract
more value by holding out for a better deal.

   Schemes can provide for such a cramdown mechanism, as there is no requirement
for unanimity. Recent examples of bondholder restructurings where a scheme has
either been used or threatened include Marconi, Drax, Telewest, British Energy
and MyTravel.

Why Are Bondholders Different from Other Creditors?

   The way in which bonds are typically held and the type of investors who deal
in bonds differentiate bondholders from other creditors. This will have an
impact on the way in which negotiations are conducted with bondholders prior to
launching the scheme and potentially also the way in which bondholders are
treated under the scheme itself.

   Typically, bonds are widely held by a varied group of investors who have
different objectives in the restructuring (for example, distressed-debt traders
or bondholders who bought at par). The bondholders may also have a weaker
position than some other stakeholder groups as their claims are likely to be
unsecured and will often be structurally subordinated. Bondholders' positions in
the negotiations may also be further affected as, unlike banks, the bondholders
will have no ability to underwrite new cash.

   Another important difference is that where a company is dealing with
bondholders, it cannot be certain of who its creditors are or who they will be
at each stage of the restructuring. This is because bonds are often held in
global form and can usually be freely and publicly traded. Consequently, the
company will be negotiating with a changing creditor constituency during the
course of the restructuring.

Are Bondholders Treated Differently in a Scheme of Arrangement?

   Bondholder schemes are likely to be an alternative to insolvency, so the
starting point for determining whether or not they are in the same class as
other bondholders or other groups of creditors  [*78]  [EDITOR'S NOTE: The page
numbers of this document may appear to be out of sequence; however, this
pagination accurately reflects the pagination of the original published
documents.] will be their rights in a hypothetical liquidation.

   Viewed in this way, all bondholders are capable of being in the same class,
even where they hold different issues of bonds, with different maturity dates or
interest rates, or in different currencies. However, although in theory
bondholders may be likely to form just one class together with other creditors,
in practice some bondholders can be aggressive litigants who play the class game
in an attempt to extract value. In addition, different bondholders may have
collateral rights that could potentially place them in a separate class.

   The way in which agreements are reached with bondholders prior to  [*79]
launching the scheme could also have an impact on whether or not bondholders
form part of the same class. Given the time and expense involved in launching
the scheme, once scheme proposals have been agreed upon, it is in the interests
of both the company and the creditors that a significant number of creditors
enter into voting agreements to support the scheme. This will also help the
company put in place other elements of the restructuring during the court
process by giving it increased certainty that the scheme will be successful. The
court has recently confirmed that voting agreements entered into by scheme
creditors before the launch of a scheme do not necessarily cause class issues if
the scheme creditor would not have voted differently in the absence of the
agreement. n2



   n2 Re Telewest Communications Plc (No.1) [2004] B.C.C. 342.

   A similar issue could potentially also arise in relation to payment of the
fees incurred by some, but not all, creditors. It is common practice for the
legal fees and expenses of the bondholder committee to be paid by the company
being restructured. The courts have confirmed that the payment of legal fees
incurred by the bondholder committee or other creditors involved in the
restructuring process does not, of itself, cause any class issues so long as the
payment was not made to "buy" the vote.

Are Bondholders "Creditors" in a Scheme?

   In a chapter 11 plan, bondholders are counted as creditors in their own right
and are entitled to vote on the plan of reorganisation, even where the bonds are
held in global form and the depositary or trustee has legal title. However, the
position in England is more complicated. A "creditor" for the purposes of a
scheme of arrangement is any person who has a pecuniary claim against the
company, whether present or contingent. n3



   n3 Midland Coal, Coke and Iron Co. [1895] 1 Ch 267

   Where the bonds are held in global form, the depositary and/or the trustee
are likely to be the "creditors," depending on the working of the indenture or
trust deed. Legally, the underlying bondholders who have the economic interest
in the bonds are not actually creditors. In practice, the depositary/trustee
would only exercise its vote in accordance with the wishes of the bondholders.

   This causes a further difficulty where bondholders make up the vast majority
of the stakeholders being compromised under a scheme. The statutory voting test
for a scheme is that a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of
the creditors or a class of creditors present and voting must vote in favour.
While the bonds remain in global form, this will result in the views of the
underlying bondholders counting toward the "at least three-fourths in value"
limb of the statutory test (as the trustee will exercise its votes in accordance
with their wishes), but not the "majority in number" limb.

   The voting mechanics of a scheme will need to address this issue. How it is
addressed will depend on the terms of the bonds, but it can often be
time-consuming and expensive. For example, one approach that has been used is to
require bondholders who wish to vote to convert their bonds into definitive
form. This will then give the bondholder a direct claim against the company.

   While the English courts have in practice insisted upon definitisation of
bonds for voting purposes, we are aware of schemes in other jurisdictions where
the courts have been prepared to look through the strict legal position and
allow bondholders to vote for their beneficial holdings.

 [*80]  Conclusion

   Although schemes have been used historically where bondholders or other large
creditor groups are being compromised in a restructuring, there is an
alternative means of cramming them down under English law. This is a company
voluntary arrangement (CVA), a procedure under the English insolvency
legislation (though there is no requirement of insolvency) having similar effect
to a scheme.

   Following changes in the law relating to CVAs, which came into force in 2003,
it is now possible to bind creditors that do not have actual notice of the CVA
proposals in the same way as a scheme. This means that there is now the
potential to use CVAs in more complicated compromises. This was done last year
when the U.K. companies that made up the TXU Group successfully implemented two
separate sets of interlocking CVAs. As there is no requirement for classes of
creditors to vote separately in a CVA, it seems likely that CVAs may prove more
popular than schemes in the future.

Insurance Schemes

   Insurance schemes are now a common feature of the London insurance market.
They allow insurance companies with large numbers of expired policies to cut off
liabilities now, rather than wait decades for claims to emerge and be paid in
the ordinary course. In the typical solvent scheme, creditors (i.e.,
policy-holders) are given a deadline (called the bar date) by which they must
submit to the company all claims they may have. This includes contingent claims,
which are estimated according to an actuarial methodology. There will then be a
process whereby the value of claims is agreed to or adjudicated by an
independent expert, and the company then pays everyone in full and is left with
no liability.

BAIC

   On 21 July 2005, the solvent scheme of arrangement proposed by British
Aviation Insurance Co. Limited (BAIC) became the first to be successfully
challenged at a sanction hearing. n4 The insurance liabilities that BAIC was
seeking to accelerate included long-tail asbestos and pollution liabilities
under loss-occurrence policies, as well as reinsurance liabilities.



   n4 Re. British Aviation Insurance Co. Limited [2005] EWHC 1621 (Ch).

   The primary challenge was that the court had no jurisdiction to sanction the
scheme as only one meeting of creditors had been held, whereas creditors with
accrued claims (who would be paid in full) and creditors with contingent claims
(who would have their claims estimated) should have formed separate classes.

   The judge decided that the question of whether creditors' rights were similar
was to be answered by reference to a reasonable comparator--i.e., what would
creditors' rights be outside the proposed scheme as compared to their rights
under the scheme?

   The company argued that if the company were to be wound up, contingent
creditors would have their claims estimated and therefore all creditors would be
treated similarly under the scheme. However, the judge found that winding up
(whether solvent or insolvent) was not a realistic alternative to a scheme for
BAIC. He said that the risk of BAIC going into wind-up mode was remote and
theoretical, as it had a very healthy balance sheet and shareholders who would
support it for reputational reasons. Therefore, the only realistic comparator
was a solvent run-off. Applying that comparator, the judge found that the two
types of creditors had interests that were sufficiently different in that they
had no common interest at all and should form separate classes. He therefore had
no jurisdiction to sanction the scheme.

   The judge went further and commented, obiter, that if he had had
jurisdiction, he would still not have sanctioned the scheme as the company was
able to meet its liabilities, and it was unfair for those insureds with
contingent claims to have their insured risk compulsorily retransferred to them.
BAIC was in the risk business; direct policyholders were not.

Subsequent Developments

   There was some concern in the runoff industry over what impact the BAIC
decision would have upon future solvent schemes. New schemes were initially put
on hold pending an appeal, but the decision is now not to be appealed.

   The next solvent scheme hearing came in September 2005, when the Court of
Session in Scotland (where the law on schemes is largely the same as in England)
sanctioned a solvent scheme for M&G. Lord Clarke was referred specifically to
BAIC but declined to follow it, both as to class constitution and as to
fairness.

   The most significant development following BAIC has come in the joint cases
of Scottish Eagle Insurance Company Limited and La Mutuelle Du Mans Assurances
IARD (MMA). In both cases, a single meeting of creditors was held, but Mr.
Justice Evans-Lombe sanctioned both schemes on 28 Oct., albeit on different
bases. In the case of Scottish Eagle, he held that the BAIC analysis allowed a
single meeting to be held because it was demonstrable that it would be a
realistic alternative for Scottish Eagle to be placed into solvent liquidation.
For MMA, he held that this could not be said, but that there must be cases, MMA
plainly being one, where the nature of the claims was very different from the
insurance business that the BAIC judge examined. He held that the court must be
able to say that the claims are so similar that, although there could not
reasonably be a prospect of a solvent liquidation, nonetheless accrued and
contingent claims were so similar, in the nature of the calculation required to
arrive at quantification, that creditors were able to consult together with a
view to their common interest. Perhaps significantly, the major difference from
BAIC was that no creditors opposed sanction of the MMA scheme.

Future Developments

   Insurance companies thinking of proposing schemes can rest easy that the
courts have not rigidly applied the decision in BAIC. However, the schemes that
have subsequently succeeded have done so on the basis of distinguishing BAIC
rather than challenging it. A scheme on similar facts to BAIC will be the next
big test for this increasingly popular exit option.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Bankruptcy LawCase AdministrationMeetingsCivil ProcedureJudicial
OfficersJudgesGeneral OverviewInsurance LawIndustry RegulationInsurer
InsolvencyLiquidations & Rehabilitations


                              512 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 March 26, 2003

ARE YOU IN GOOD COMPANY?

BYLINE: Isabelle Kassam, Personal Finance Editor

LENGTH: 1185 words


    Sun Q&A guide to occupational pension schemes

    COMPANY schemes face dramatic changes in the pensions crisis. Many workers
are being asked to pay more into their funds to help maintain coveted final
salary schemes.

    Firms are also suggesting that the retirement age should be increased to
make more money available for pensions.

    Many businesses have already axed costly final salary schemes but others are
working hard to protect them. Employees are understandably confused about their
options. Here Cashflow answers members' questions about their schemes and talks
to three workers, on the right, involved in the current changes.

    Q WHAT ARE FINAL SALARY SCHEMES?

    AThey are occupational pension plans where the amount you receive is based
on a percentage of your final salary and length of service. They are the most
generous pension schemes available.

    Q ARE FINAL SALARY SCHEMES WORTH SAVING?

    AIf you have the chance to join a final salary scheme, do not hesitate to
take it.

    Many of these schemes are being closed down and replaced with less
attractive options.

    Q WHAT ARE THE ALTERNATIVES TO THEM?

    AThere are a number of choices available to companies but the main ones are
defined contribution or money-purchase schemes.

    With these the amount of pension you will get depends not on your salary,
but on the amount you contribute. Both yours and your employer's contributions
are invested and the amount you receive when you retire will depend on the
investment's performance.

    Some companies are also moving from final salary to average-salary schemes.
In some cases members are offered a hybrid of the two types.

    Members below a certain age, say 40 or 50, get the defined contribution and
those over that age limit qualify for a final salary scheme.

    Q WHY HAVE PROBLEMS ARISEN WITH THEM?

    AThe prolonged stock market slump has hit pension fund investments.

    But a new tax rule, FRS 17, means companies have to reveal the value of
their pension assets and obligations instead of classing them as long-term
savings vehicles. In the current market this can mean a firm's value may appear
to be much worse on paper than it did before. Companies will want to reduce this
poor appearance as much as they possibly can -by reducing pension obligations.

    Q WILL WORKERS HAVE TO PAY MORE?

    AMany lucrative final-salary schemes have now closed to new members but some
firms are offering employees the chance to save the schemes by paying more.

    British Gas engineers are paying an extra one per cent of their salaries to
keep the scheme open to new employees. John Menzies' final salary scheme is
closed to new staff but those who have been with the firm for more than five
years are allowed to enter it.

    Q BUT WILL THEY GET MORE BACK?

    AThe British Gas engineers who are paying in more of their salaries will not
get enhanced benefits. But they believe they are keeping the fund strong by
keeping it open to new employees who will continue to pay into the fund.

    Q WHAT ABOUT EMPLOYERS? SURELY THEY SHOULD PAY?

    AFirms which took long pension contribution holidays during the years of
stock market growth are now wishing they had been more prudent. And some of them
are pumping in millions to help plug potential gaps.

    Q CAN WE AFFORD TO RETIRE AT 65?

    APerhaps not. Some company schemes are still very healthy but many need
extra funding.

    Extending the retirement age helps to keep people paying into the fund and
increases payouts.

    Honda are asking their staff to agree to their retirement age being
increased from 60 to 62. There's a strong possibility that other companies will
follow suit.

    Q CAN I LEAVE A SCHEME THAT IS IN TROUBLE?

    A At the moment your company can refuse to let you leave the scheme if it
thinks departures will weaken the fund. New rules on pension transfers are due
this summer.

    ANDY PATCHING BRITISH GAS ENGINEER

    ANDY decided to pay more into his British Gas pension scheme. He has been
working for the company since he left school at 15 and recently voted to
increase his pension contributions to preserve the final salary scheme for new
entrants.

    He said: "I know I won't get any added benefits for my extra money but I
know I've made the right decision."

    The dad of two, who lives in Sittingbourne, Kent, added: "I'm now 49 and I
can see how valuable the final salary scheme will be to me when the time comes
for me to retire.

    "I think the scheme will be stronger if new staff are allowed to join and I
also think I have a moral duty to try to protect the scheme for future staff."

    Andy, who has two grown-up daughters, discussed the options open to him with
his wife Vanessa, 49, who works as a swimming instructor.

    "It was an important decision because I have to pay out more money so we
talked about it and Vanessa agreed it was the right thing to do."

    HELEN WILLIAMSON SHOP ASSISTANT

    HELEN has worked part-time at Tesco for seven years and used to have a
company pension -but decided to switch to a different scheme.

    The 38-year-old lives with partner Johnathon Baxter, 32, a car salesman, and
children Leanne, 14 and Alice, eight, in Bangor, North Wales.

    She joined the Tesco scheme when she started work with them but has now
swopped to a new defined-benefit scheme called Pension Builder.

    Helen explained: "Before Pension Builder was introduced in 2001 I was in a
money-purchase scheme because I only work part-time and the company's final
salary scheme was for full-time employees only.

    "Pension Builder gives me much more security because I now know how much I
will receive when I retire as it is based on my average earnings.

    "I do quite a lot of overtime and this scheme takes that into account, which
is good for me.

    "I've got a friend who is in a money-purchase scheme at work and she is
always worrying about the stock market falling and how it will affect her
pension. I don't have to worry about that."

    MARINA BLYTHE SUPERMARKET MANAGER

    MARINA has been paying into the final salary scheme at Sainsbury's for six
years.

    Her employers want to keep the scheme open, but only if staff make a huge
increase in contributions, -from 4.25 per cent to seven per cent of salary.

    Marina is 25 and lives in Redditch, Worcestershire. She is engaged to be
married Marina is a duty manager at a Coventry store and can choose to keep
payments at the lower level if she switches to an average-earnings scheme.

    She said: "I am aware of the recent changes in the company's pension scheme
and have started to think a little bit about the options available.

    "I know I must consider the future and I'll need to contribute more to have
a secure old age.

    "The company is providing us with lots of information so I do feel I will be
able to make an informed choice. There's always someone at the end of the phone
who is happy to talk to you.

    "It is a big decision and I will look at all the options before making a
final choice.

    "At my age, my pension seems a long way off -but I know from talking to
colleagues that it is important."


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2003 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD


                              513 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            November 22, 2015 Sunday

Quality assurance -The NI agri food industry excels

LENGTH: 878  words


Quality Assurance, which is independently verified, is putting the entire agri
food chain in Northern Ireland at the leading edge of food safety.

On farm production, livestock transport, livestock markets, and the three
leading industry standards, namely, British Retail Consortium (BRC) standards
for food safety, food processing, storage and distribution are all independently
audited in order to provide quality guarantees for the customer.

Providing the auditing service for these schemes is NI Food Chain Certification,
a United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) accredited certification body,
whose remit is to provide product certification schemes to the NI agri food
industry, in addition to providing industry training to BRC standards.

Speaking at NIFCC's annual general meeting, the chairman, Harry Sinclair
outlined the results for the various quality assurance schemes emphasising the
increased participation which had put considerable pressure on NIFCC resources.
However the company would forge ahead with potential growth areas, increasing
resources if necessary, in order to provide a first class service to the
industry.

He said: "The focus of our business development in the food processing sector
will be to continue to promote our auditing and certification services for the
BRC Storage and Distribution Standard and also the BRC Agents and Brokers
Standard, both of which are potential growth areas."

Another main focus of NIFCC's business development continues to be investment in
their IT system to provide electronic reporting for the on-farm schemes and to
include a documentary evidence review system to further enhance the efficiency
of the certification process.

Extract from the Directors' Report on the various schemes:

Northern Ireland Beef and Lamb Scheme contract delivery

The core business of NIFCC continues to be the service delivery of the Northern
Ireland Beef and Lamb Farm Quality Assurance Scheme (FQAS).  During the year, a
total of 8,880 inspections were completed made up of 940 initial, 7,340
surveillance, 575 spot-check and 25 re-inspections.  The number of Approved
Producers in FQAS at the year end was 11,600, which was a year on year increase
of 720.

Farm Quality Assured Cereals Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Northern Ireland Farm Quality Assured
Cereals Scheme (FQACS) since 2006.  During 2014-15, NIFCC completed 577 cereals
scheme inspections made up of 242 Cereals only' inspections and 335 combined
Cereals and Beef and Lamb inspections.  Membership of the cereals quality
assurance scheme currently stands at 940.

Red Tractor Assurance Livestock Transport and Livestock Market Schemes

NIFCC has been administering the Red Tractor Assurance Livestock Transport and
Livestock Market schemes since 2006 and 2007 respectively.  During the year, 54
transport scheme inspections and 26 market scheme inspections were completed.
Currently there are 64 assured livestock hauliers and 25 assured markets and
collection centres registered with NIFCC.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Poultry Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Red Tractor Farm Assurance (RTFA) Poultry
Scheme since April 2008.  624 Poultry Scheme inspections were completed during
the year and there are currently 575 approved producers in the RTFA Poultry
scheme.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Dairy Scheme

NIFCC has been providing inspection and certification to the RTFA Dairy Scheme
since January 2009.  543 Dairy Scheme inspections were completed during the
year, made up of 61 Dairy only' inspections and 482 combined Dairy and Beef and
Lamb inspections.  More recently, we have seen a significant increase in
applications to the Red Tractor Dairy Scheme.  475 applications were received
from June to September this year, compared to 113 during the previous 12-month
period.  The Directors are pleased to report that we had both the reserves and
flexibility to respond to this increase in membership applications.  There are
currently 1,120 approved producers in the RTFA Dairy scheme, which is an
increase of 360 members in the past year, and represents 33% of dairy farms in
Northern Ireland.

British Retail Consortium (BRC) and Red Tractor Assurance (RTA) Meat Processing
Schemes

NIFCC has also been providing inspection and certification services to the food
processing sector since 2009.  We are now an established service provider for
three leading industry standards, namely the British Retail Consortium (BRC)
Global Standard for Food Safety, the BRC Global Standard for Storage and
Distribution and the Red Tractor Assurance (RTA) Meat Processing Scheme.  During
the year, 58 BRC Food, 5 BRC Storage and Distribution and 10 RTA Meat Processing
were completed.  We are also continuing to provide training to industry, against
the BRC Standards, and this year we have delivered nine training courses to 102
individuals, including our own auditing and certification staff.

Trade Assurance Scheme for Combinable Crops

We have also been providing audits for the Trade Assurance Scheme for Combinable
Crops (TASCC), under contract to another certification body, Product
Authentication International (PAI) since 2010.  During the year, 13 grain stores
and 68 hauliers were inspected, both in Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                            November 22, 2015 Sunday

Quality assurance -The NI agri food industry excels

LENGTH: 878  words


Quality Assurance, which is independently verified, is putting the entire agri
food chain in Northern Ireland at the leading edge of food safety.

On farm production, livestock transport, livestock markets, and the three
leading industry standards, namely, British Retail Consortium (BRC) standards
for food safety, food processing, storage and distribution are all independently
audited in order to provide quality guarantees for the customer.

Providing the auditing service for these schemes is NI Food Chain Certification,
a United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) accredited certification body,
whose remit is to provide product certification schemes to the NI agri food
industry, in addition to providing industry training to BRC standards.

Speaking at NIFCC's annual general meeting, the chairman, Harry Sinclair
outlined the results for the various quality assurance schemes emphasising the
increased participation which had put considerable pressure on NIFCC resources.
However the company would forge ahead with potential growth areas, increasing
resources if necessary, in order to provide a first class service to the
industry.

He said: "The focus of our business development in the food processing sector
will be to continue to promote our auditing and certification services for the
BRC Storage and Distribution Standard and also the BRC Agents and Brokers
Standard, both of which are potential growth areas."

Another main focus of NIFCC's business development continues to be investment in
their IT system to provide electronic reporting for the on-farm schemes and to
include a documentary evidence review system to further enhance the efficiency
of the certification process.

Extract from the Directors' Report on the various schemes:

Northern Ireland Beef and Lamb Scheme contract delivery

The core business of NIFCC continues to be the service delivery of the Northern
Ireland Beef and Lamb Farm Quality Assurance Scheme (FQAS).  During the year, a
total of 8,880 inspections were completed made up of 940 initial, 7,340
surveillance, 575 spot-check and 25 re-inspections.  The number of Approved
Producers in FQAS at the year end was 11,600, which was a year on year increase
of 720.

Farm Quality Assured Cereals Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Northern Ireland Farm Quality Assured
Cereals Scheme (FQACS) since 2006.  During 2014-15, NIFCC completed 577 cereals
scheme inspections made up of 242 Cereals only' inspections and 335 combined
Cereals and Beef and Lamb inspections.  Membership of the cereals quality
assurance scheme currently stands at 940.

Red Tractor Assurance Livestock Transport and Livestock Market Schemes

NIFCC has been administering the Red Tractor Assurance Livestock Transport and
Livestock Market schemes since 2006 and 2007 respectively.  During the year, 54
transport scheme inspections and 26 market scheme inspections were completed.
Currently there are 64 assured livestock hauliers and 25 assured markets and
collection centres registered with NIFCC.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Poultry Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Red Tractor Farm Assurance (RTFA) Poultry
Scheme since April 2008.  624 Poultry Scheme inspections were completed during
the year and there are currently 575 approved producers in the RTFA Poultry
scheme.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Dairy Scheme

NIFCC has been providing inspection and certification to the RTFA Dairy Scheme
since January 2009.  543 Dairy Scheme inspections were completed during the
year, made up of 61 Dairy only' inspections and 482 combined Dairy and Beef and
Lamb inspections.  More recently, we have seen a significant increase in
applications to the Red Tractor Dairy Scheme.  475 applications were received
from June to September this year, compared to 113 during the previous 12-month
period.  The Directors are pleased to report that we had both the reserves and
flexibility to respond to this increase in membership applications.  There are
currently 1,120 approved producers in the RTFA Dairy scheme, which is an
increase of 360 members in the past year, and represents 33% of dairy farms in
Northern Ireland.

British Retail Consortium (BRC) and Red Tractor Assurance (RTA) Meat Processing
Schemes

NIFCC has also been providing inspection and certification services to the food
processing sector since 2009.  We are now an established service provider for
three leading industry standards, namely the British Retail Consortium (BRC)
Global Standard for Food Safety, the BRC Global Standard for Storage and
Distribution and the Red Tractor Assurance (RTA) Meat Processing Scheme.  During
the year, 58 BRC Food, 5 BRC Storage and Distribution and 10 RTA Meat Processing
were completed.  We are also continuing to provide training to industry, against
the BRC Standards, and this year we have delivered nine training courses to 102
individuals, including our own auditing and certification staff.

Trade Assurance Scheme for Combinable Crops

We have also been providing audits for the Trade Assurance Scheme for Combinable
Crops (TASCC), under contract to another certification body, Product
Authentication International (PAI) since 2010.  During the year, 13 grain stores
and 68 hauliers were inspected, both in Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Draft medical aid rules will |hurt patients;
Changes are aimed at reducing costs but scheme members set to pay more

BYLINE:  Dr Lance Lasersohn

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1853 words


On the face of it, the government's aim of protecting chronically ill people
from the financial effects of prolonged and expensive medical treatment is
laudable.

However, the reality is the prescribed minimum benefits provisions of the
Medical Schemes Act have not been fairly applied by many medical aids. Many
patients with prescribed minimum benefits have not been granted the cover, have
had to pay for shortfalls, or their cases have been dragged out interminably by
medical aid groups.

Often it is medical professionals and health-care providers, who have been
accused, wrongly, of profiteering through excessive charges, because the
prescribed minimum benefits legislation supposedly gives them a "blank cheque"
in setting tariffs.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

As the government moves to amend the act to improve the lot of beneficiaries,
the reality is the situation could get worse for them.

It is clear the public is uneducated and ill-informed, with respect to
prescribed minimum benefits as contemplated in the Medical Schemes Act as well
as the gazetted proposed amendments to Regulation 8.

A "prescribed minimum benefit" refers to close to 300 listed conditions |- all
in some way affecting quality or quantity of life. These conditions include any
cancers, congenital conditions, fractures, burns, high blood pressure, and
diabetes.

The primary intention of the act regarding prescribed minimum benefits is to:

l Ensure any patient with medical scheme cover (irrespective of plan cover) will
be afforded treatment at any facility and by any practitioner and not have to
make any further payments (outside their scheme membership payments monthly) to
the hospital, doctors, pharmacy or allied health-care professionals.

l Compel schemes to educate their members on prescribed minimum-benefit
conditions and their rights of coverage, and to engage with health-care
professionals to establish networks (and reasonable tariffs) that ensure the act
and its provisions can be effectively implemented and managed.

l Achieve those laudable aims.

Regulation 8 requires that schemes pay doctors' fees in full for their services
in respect of prescribed minimum benefits.

The Council for Medical Schemes has repeatedly concluded that reimbursement must
be "in full" and "at the practitioner's usual tariff".

The Medical Schemes Act permits (and encourages) the establishment of
"designated service providers".

To do this, schemes will have to offer health-care providers reasonable
remuneration for members requiring treatment for prescribed minimum benefits
(and could include all conditions if the scheme wished). Where schemes have
offered reasonable remuneration, the majority of providers have agreed to charge
such rates.

This effectively negates any possibility of "blank cheque" practices referred to
by schemes for all elective - that is, non-emergency - treatment, regardless of
whether treatment is undertaken by a designated service provider. Once an
effective network is established, prescribed minimum benefits are paid at the
plan tariff. The major hurdle is where schemes have offered practitioners
reimbursement at rates that are not financially sustainable for the health-care
practitioner.

There is an incorrect perception that doctors have their own set of tariffs for
prescribed minimum benefits. Doctors by and large do not have a particular
tariff for conditions covered by these benefits.

A minority of doctors may inappropriately change rates. The vast majority bill
at a particular rate, regardless of whether a prescribed minimum benefit is
involved or a service not covered in full by lower-end plans or schemes.

The majority of practitioners charge reasonable fees commensurate with their
training, expertise and responsibility, and in many circumstances these are far
lower than other professions.

While all spheres of service have "abusers", data from surveys confirms most
doctors do not use prescribed minimum benefits as a blank cheque.

Funders are easily able to curtail abuse and doctors who overcharge are open to
censure by the Health Professions Council of SA.

The amendment of Regulation 8 is being hailed by some medical schemes and the
government as some sort of "victory for consumers". Over what or whom? Medical
professionals, presumably.

The reality, in my view, is vastly different.

The draft amendment published by the Department of Health would result in
patients with prescribed minimum benefit conditions having to pay for shortfalls
- which is not the case now - and remove the intended responsibility placed on
schemes to make efforts to limit patient shortfalls in their cover.

Some medical aid scheme officers have claimed the amendment will force "all
registered health-care providers" to "subscribe to a regulated tariff".

In my opinion and that of legal sources, there are two possible interpretations
here.

One is that the proposed amendment by rights - as it is a Medical Schemes Act
regulating scheme practices - would regulate what the scheme would be required
to reimburse. Health-care providers would still be required - under the Health
Professions Council of SA and the Consumer Protection Act - to obtain financial
consent from patients at their determined rates - and this might result in
shortfalls between the cover as required by the amendment and the rate charged
(as for any non-prescribed minimum benefit condition).

In the opinions of the Board of Healthcare Funders of SA and Samwumed
spokespeople, the amendment would permit schemes to reimburse doctors at a fixed
rate from 2006 with the consumer price index added to this, for all patients -
allowing co-payments by patients for non-emergency treatments and|no co-payments
for emergency treatment.

Such regulation would in effect lead to patients having higher bills and
probably to skills and service shortages, particularly for emergency treatments.

Also, the gazette introduces an onerous system of requirements for discharge
summaries that might lead to long delays in reimbursement to members.

This would be a major loss for medical scheme beneficiaries.

Amendments to Regulation 8 would mean:

l Patients being reimbursed, in some cases, less than they are for
non-prescribed minimum benefit conditions as some schemes have rates in 2015
that are higher than the published 2006 National Health Reference Price List,
adjusted for inflation.

l The intention of the act where it relates to prescribed minimum benefits being
forfeited entirely. In effect schemes would be bound to pay at what translates
into their lowest scheme rate (even in the case of members who opt for higher
cover) for prescribed minimum benefit conditions.

It is likely if the amendment effects payment at a 2006 National Health
Reference Price List rate adjusted for inflation for emergency treatments, a
serious skills and service shortage for these treatments will result in a
compromise of patient care.

l As the schemes would be bound to reimburse only at the 2006 National Health
Reference Price List rates, adjusted for inflation, there is no clear reason why
schemes would engage to pay higher rates to providers in an environment where
patients are struggling as it is to understand coding, as required by schemes.

l The regulation in effect refers to a rate that, in July 2010, was declared
invalid and set aside by Acting Judge Piet Ebersohn in the North Gauteng High
Court. These rates were used each year by schemes to set their plan benefits.

Despite this, the majority of schemes continue to base their annual tariff
(adjusted by inflation) on the last lawful publication of these tariffs (the
2006 recommended price list as published by the Council for Medical Schemes) and
adjusted for inflation, as the basis of patient benefits for payments to doctors
or other health-care professionals.

Acting Judge Ebersohn concluded the "price list" had been determined with a
"lack of required consultation". The process of determining a price list should
occur in "a proper, open and transparent manner", he said.

As a result, the published tariffs have long been and continue to be out of
alignment with the costs of health-care provision.

The 2006 reference price list fails to take into account procedure codes that
have been added or amended in the past nine years. This would lead to members
not being reimbursed for these codes.

By using the invalid rate as a reference, medical aid schemes are only inviting
more legal action.

It is also proposed that Regulation 5 be amended.

This regulation requires attending doctors to provide a discharge summary to
schemes for potentially all medical bills.

While medical bills may be submitted at present using multiple-digital
platforms, these summaries are not provided for in medical scheme systems.

There would be every likelihood that schemes would simply not reimburse members
for months, pending finalisations of such reports. These reports may also
contain confidential patient information that requires particular consent for
sharing.

Prescribed minimum benefits have been at the forefront of many discussions for
years. The response by the majority of schemes has not been engaging, but
stonewalling, with policies of rejecting requests for full payment of prescribed
medical benefits.

This is in effect an illegal practice, which can be confirmed by complaints and
adjudications by the Council for Medical Schemes.

There has also been a failure to offer reasonable remuneration to establish
effective designated service provider networks and the refusal to compile fairly
simple reports in their software to determine usual rates charged by each
practitioner.

These reports would eliminate any possibility of health care providers having a
"blank cheque". Most professional medical associations would confirm that there
are "outliers" who take advantage of scheme inefficiencies by charging
exorbitant rates. Those schemes that have made the effort and offered reasonable
remuneration to designated service providers have said publicly that prescribed
minimum benefits and the associated costs are under control and mostly a
non-issue.

Overcharging by a minority is not unique to the medical industry.

It is not an excuse for the clear failure of many schemes to address the tenets
of the act. Mechanisms are in place for dealing with "errant" practitioners,
with far-reaching implications should sanction be imposed by the regulators -
the Health Professions Council and consumer protection commissioner.

I believe that - in terms of scheme members' interests - a far better option
would be to delete references to prescribed minimum benefit references from the
Medical Schemes Act.

The proposed amendments in effect do this from the perspective of the
remuneration of members - making any scheme member seeking treatment for a
prescribed minimum benefits condition more at risk for non-payment of benefits.

Deleting references to prescribed minimum benefits would make all members in
line for reimbursement for all conditions (as was the case before prescribed
minimum benefits were introduced). The proposed amendments would in any case
negate the aim of the prescribed minimum benefits.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

KiwiSavers switching schemes

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 292 words


MASSIVE flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted.

It appears the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are losing out to the
banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

That means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering.

The schemes compete through advertising campaigns, special offers, cuts to fees,
and through investing their funds in a bid to sit high in the performance
charts.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes.

Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme from other KiwiSaver schemes.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth.

By contrast ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers in from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m went out.

Most of the money that left came out of ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being
switched in, and $52.5m switching out.

The KiwiSaver Evaluation report published in February provides some insights
into how people choose their KiwiSaver schemes.

Key considerations for people picking a fund included seeking a provider with a
good reputation, one that was financially stable, and one they were familiar
with.

Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

AMP biggest loser in battle for KiwiSavers

BYLINE: ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 513 words


BULKING UP KIWISAVER Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme's annual report shows the
factors behind a scheme's growth.

Balance transfers of $386.7 million was the biggest single source of new money.
Interest, dividends and capital growth of investments brought in $265.6m after
fees and expenses of $20.8m. Employees contributions totalled $137m and employer
contributions $78.7m. "Other contributions" like voluntary contributions from
members, brought in $58.5m. The Government contributed $26.9m through tax credit
subsidies. A total of $52.6m was transferred out to other KiwiSaver schemes.
Another $57.2m was withdrawn, including people retiring, emigrating, dying,
suffering serious illness or financial hardship, or buying a home.

--------------------

Massive flows of money between KiwiSaver schemes are being revealed as their
annual financial reports are posted with the Companies Office.

And once again it looks like the big non-bank KiwiSaver providers like AMP are
losing out to the banks.

KiwiSavers who become dissatisfied with their scheme, or who are successfully
wooed by a rival, can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

That means there is a low-level KiwiSaver switching war perpetually simmering
among scheme providers.

The schemes compete through advertising campaigns, special offers, cuts to fees,
and through investing their funds in a bid to sit high in the performance
charts.

Five of the big KiwiSaver schemes, including two bank schemes, have so far
posted their financial statements covering the year to the end of March.

AMP is the big loser of the five.

Its AMP KiwiSaver scheme saw $223.4 million of KiwiSaver funds transfer to other
schemes.

Just $35.2m was transferred into the AMP scheme.

AMP has been working hard to turn that net negative switching around by cutting
fees and helping new KiwiSavers to pick suitable funds, in addition to having an
online portal which savers can use to keep tabs on their KiwiSaver.

Despite the net negative switching, AMP's scheme grew in size from $2.98 billion
to $3.6b, illustrating that it is just one of the factors driving schemes'
growth. Nobody from AMP was available to speak on its strategies to turn around
its net funds flow.

By contrast ASB's scheme received $393.5m in transfers from other schemes
(including some money from the closure of ASB's other KiwiSaver scheme), while
$203.6m was transferred to other schemes.

Most of the money that is left came out of ASB's conservative default fund.

Kiwibank's Kiwi Wealth scheme, which was just over $2.1b in size at the end of
March, was an even bigger net winner with $386.7m being switched in, and $52.5m
switching out.

NZX-owned Superlife, which ended the year with assets of just over $406m,
experienced $12m of transfers in, and $13.25m out.

The last of the large schemes to report so far was Aon KiwiSaver, which ended
the year with just under $320m.

Just under $17m was switched in from other schemes and $15.6m went the other
way. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

KiwiSavers can shift their money to another scheme at any time.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      March 5, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

NAPF: Schemes' Satisfaction with Investment Consultants Remains Steady, in-House
Expertise Grows and Consultants' Tenure Shortens, Finds NAPF Survey

LENGTH: 468  words


New Delhi, March 5 -- The National Association of Pension Funds' today
(Wednesday) launched the findings of its third Investment Consultants'
Performance Survey. Encouragingly, results from the survey remained broadly in
line with the findings of previous surveys (2008 and 2009) despite the
challenging regulatory and investment environment over the last five years.



Over 80% of both defined benefit (DB) and defined contribution (DC) schemes
would recommend their investment consultancy to a scheme with similar needs. The
percentage of schemes who would recommend their investment consultancy to a
scheme with similar needs was lower among DC schemes (80%) than DB schemes (86%)


Pension fund schemes, especially large ones, are taking steps to ensure they
hold their investment consultants to account. A quarter (28%) of DB scheme
respondents had in-house investment expertise and this grows to 48% of funds
over 1bn size, but shrinks to 11% of funds of less than 250m. One fifth of those
with in-house expertise had introduced this capability in the last four years;
with 50% pointing to lower costs and a significant 25% reporting that in-house
expertise helped to challenge consultancy advice.

Stewardship was a new topic to the survey this year. Only 30% of respondents
were 'very satisfied' with their consultants' stewardship capabilities, with 48%
'fairly satisfied' and 3% were 'fairly dissatisfied'. This response rate was
consistent across all scheme sizes.

Joanne Segars, Chief Executive, NAPF, said:

"It's clear that overall pension schemes value highly the advice and expertise
their investment consultants provide, although the difference in satisfaction
levels between DB and DC schemes is something to watch as the number of DC
schemes and assets in those schemes will grow quickly. The NAPF will develop a
practical guide to help trustees properly evaluate their investment consultants'
service and encourage a structured approach to making sure this crucial link in
the investment chain continues to operates in pension schemes' best interest.

"The growth of in-house expertise over the last four years, especially for
larger DB pension schemes, indicates that it is here to stay and we expect to
see further growth, driven by schemes looking to lower costs and test
consultancy advice. In the future we may see a more collaborative approach
between in-house investment sub-committees and external investment consultants,
especially among larger pension scheme funds.

"The level of satisfaction from schemes of their consultants' stewardship
capability is disappointing, especially as we know pension schemes have growing
expectations in this area. This survey and last year's NAPF engagement survey
both highlight the need for a clearer and more robust procedure on stewardship
to be put in place."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Rs 118 billion earmarked for ADP

BYLINE:  AMJAD ALI SHAH

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 168

LENGTH: 1026  words


Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has earmarked Rs 118 billion for the Annual
Development Programme for fiscal year 2013-14, with an increase of 14 percent
against the current financial period. According to budget documents, the ADP
comprise of 983 schemes, including 609 ongoing and 374 new development projects.

Formulated on the basis of priorities of the development departments solicited
under the Comprehensive Development Strategy and Economic Growth Strategy, the
ADP envisages substantial allocations for all the development sectors. The most
allocations has been estimated for ongoing developments scheme the proposed ADP
for 2013-14, which aimed to immediate complete of the various projects in the
province.

Of the total estimated ADP in the provincial budget, the government has expected
to receive approximately Rs 23 billion for foreign Aid, while Rs 35,000.000
million has been estimated for foreign assistance about 30 percent in the total
outlay of the next fiscal year budget, including 88 percent grants of Rs
30695.280, while rest of 12 percent of Rs 4304.720 million would receive as
loans on easy terms.

To brining more effective in the budgetary allocation for next year, the total
layout of Rs 344 billion for year 2013-14, has been divided parts. According to
which, Rs 163 billion has been earmarked for Welfare, Rs 118 billion for
development, while Rs 63 billion set aside for Administrative purposes. The
Economic growth rate would be enhanced at seven percent within 3 years to create
the required number of jobs and to keep unemployment at within acceptable level.

The sectors, which would get share in the ADP, were included elementary and
secondary education, higher education, health, drinking water supply schemes,
social welfare, water, agriculture, forestry, environment, sports, culture,
tourism, archaeology, energy and power, industries, regional development,
research and development, population welfare, districts ADP, Tameer-i-Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa Programme, ST&IT, Transport, Food, Labour, Mines and Mineral,
Information, Law and Justice, Finance, Home, Relief and Rehab,12 percent
increase in Local Component of ADP, 51percent increase in Foreign Assistance of
which about 88percent is grant, Enhanced allocations for completion of 404
Projects, throw-forward on the lower side, 1.9 years, Sustained emphasis on EGS
in the proposed ADP 2013-14, priority to consolidation than expansion, priority
to health, education, energy and power, sports, tourism & youth affairs,
provisions for reform initiatives especially in health, education, it, skill
Dev, mines and minerals, agriculture and local government, priority to mega
projects, encouraging public private partnership, mass transit system for
Peshawar, schemes to address traffics and sanitation issues in Peshawar, social
protection for marginalized communities, third party validation, Peshawar uplift
project, beautification of Peshawar project, technical university at Shabqadar
Road - Charsadda.

According to budget document, a sum of Rs 1532.204 million has set aside for
Agriculture in ADP, to complete total 51 schemes including 35 ongoing and 16
news schemes. Rs 106.000 million has earmarked for Auqaf, for more than 14
schemes including two ongoing and 14 new projects. For the building, Rs 1215.655
million has been allocated for 36 development schemes including 32 ongoing and
four new projects, while for district ADP Rs 1672.330 has earmarked for a single
new scheme. The Drinking Watar and Sanitation department would get Rs 3261.756
million for ten ongoing and 10 new schemes.

A sum of Rs 8107.140 million has allocated for E&SE department to complete 41
ongoing and 59 new development schemes. For energy and power sector, Rs 1417.881
million has earmarked for 16 ongoing and 28 new schemes. The Department of
Environment would get share in ADP Rs 56.999 million for nine ongoing and 2 new
schemes, while Rs 3886.293 million has been estimated for 10 ongoing and 10 new
schemes in department of Finance.

Rs 500.233 million has been allocated for Department of Food, for six ongoing
and two new schemes, while a sum of Rs 569.459 million has set aside for 32
ongoing and 14 new schemes in Forestry.

The department of health would get big chunk of amount of Rs 7998.077 million in
share in ADP for 62 ongoing schemes and 36 new development schemes. Rs 5722.546
million has been provided to Higher Education for 20 ongoing and 18 new schemes.
The Home department would get Rs 3702.967 million for 24 ongoing and 11 new
development projects. Similarly, a sum of Rs 949.001 million has set aside for
eight ongoing and one new scheme in department of housing, while Rs 3237.586
million has earmarked for Department of Industries for 41 ongoing and 30 new
development schemes.

A sum of Rs 210.538 million has been provided for four ongoing and four new
schemes in department of Information, while Rs 22.500 million has been allocated
for three new schemes in Department of Labour. Rs 586.499 million has been
estimated for seven ongoing and eight new schemes in Mines and Mineral, while Rs
14759.621 million would get Regional Development for 16 ongoing and 23 new
schemes.

Likewise, Rs 224.801 million has been set aside for four ongoing and two new
development schemes in Department of Population Welfare. Rs 1447.435 million has
been allocated for two ongoing and four new development schemes in Relief and
Rehabilitation, while Rs 803.857 million has been provided for eight ongoing and
nine new development schemes in Research and Development.

A sum of Rs 10258.329 million has set aside for 74 ongoing and 33 new schemes in
Roads development, while Rs 492.805 million has earmarked for 21 ongoing and 10
new development schemes in department of Social Welfare. Rs 871.000 has been
allocated for 23 ongoing and 16 new schemes in Sports and Tourism, while ST and
IT would get Rs 571.150 million for 21 ongoing and six new development schemes.
Likewise, Rs 4692.092 million has been allocated for nine ongoing and 11 new
schemes in the Urban Development, while Rs 3138.293 million has given to
Department of Water for 52 ongoing and 38 new development schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Aadhaar to be lifeline of aam admi

BYLINE: Sribala Vadlapatla

SECTION: HYDERABAD

LENGTH: 612 words


HYDERABAD: If you thought that linking the supply of subsidized LPG cylinders to
the Aadhaar card was bad enough, brace yourself for this: The central government
is set to route as many as 34 schemes to the intended beneficiaries through the
Aadhaar card, procurement of which has become an endless ordeal for the state's
residents.

Apart from the domestic LPG subsidy scheme, the ministry of petroleum and
natural gas is to link to the unique identity number the supply of PDS kerosene.
Similarly, the Union department of food and public distribution is to link to
the Aadhaar card the supply of all PDS commodities. However, this is to begin
first in the union territories and later to be extended to the states.

In a move that would affect students across the country, the Aadhaar card is to
be the conduit for the awarding of scholarship to university and college
students, fellowship schemes of the University Grants Commission (UGC),
fellowship schemes of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and
the to be launched subsidy on fee scheme for students. All these schemes are to
be administered by the department of higher education under the Union human
resources development ministry.

The schemes under the school education department of the HRD ministry which are
being linked to the card include the national-means-cum-merit scholarship and
the national scheme for incentive for the girl child for secondary education.
The remaining schemes are aimed at the cash transfer schemes for the SCs, STs,
OBCs, women, minorities and the downtrodden. Twelve schemes under the social
justice and empowerment department ministry are to be brought under the ambit of
the card. They include the post-matric scholarship for SC students, pre-matric
scholarship for SC students, pre-matric scholarships for children of those
engaged in unclean occupations, upgradation of merit of SC students, national
overseas scholarship schemes for SC students, post-matric scholarships for OBCs,
national overseas scholarship for OBCs, post-matric scholarship for economically
backward class students and post-matric scholarship for students with
disabilities.

The national overseas scholarship for ST students, post-matric scholarship
scheme, upgradation of merit scheme and the Rajiv Gandhi national fellowship are
the schemes in the Union tribal affairs ministry being linked to the card. For
the minorities, the matric scholarship scheme, Maulana Azad national fellowship
and merit-cum-means scholarship scheme being implemented by the minority affairs
ministry are being brought under the card.

The Dhanalakshmi scheme and Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana (IGMSY) under
the women and child development ministry meant for women will be routed through
the Aadhaar card as is the Janani Suraksha Yojana under the health and family
welfare ministry. The schemes under the labour and employment ministry being
linked to the Aadhaar card include the scholarship for the children of beedi
workers and payment of stipend to trainees under the scheme for skill
development in 34 districts across the country affected by left wing extremism.
This would include six districts from AP.

Sources said the public sector banks have already been sent the list of such
schemes which will be linked to the Aadhaar card. "Linking the cash transfer
schemes to the Aadhasr card is a welcome step as it would eliminate the
middlemen who in most cases end up swallowing the money intended for the
beneficiaries. But it can work effectively only when all the residents possess
the Aadhaar card, which unfortunately is not the case at present," said an
official.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

PWD to start 3 new water supply schemes

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 358 words


PANAJI: Even as the PWD executes two water supply schemes for Goa, it is
planning three more to enhance the supply of water in the state. PWD sources
said that the biggest scheme under execution, the augmentation of the 160MLD
Selaulim scheme by another 100MLD, is in the advanced stage of execution.

It is expected to be completed in May 2014. Once complete, the Selaulim scheme
will provide ample water to South Goa and most importantly, relieve Vasco and
Mormugao areas of the acute water shortage. Vasco city, for example, needs an
additional 25MLD water now and once the Selaulim scheme is complete, Vasco may
even get 24x7 water supply, sources said.

The other water supply scheme under execution is the 10MLD Maisal scheme at
Panchawadi at a cost of 48 crore. The work is in progress and only about 20% of
the work is done. It is scheduled for completion in 2014 and when complete, its
water will be supplied to Shiroda, Borim, Panchawadi and parts of Sanvordem.
With that, the water supplied to these areas from the Opa water supply scheme
will be available to Panaji, which needs more water.

Three new water supply schemes are under planning. A 25MLD, 130 crore water
supply scheme at Ganjem (near Usgao) is at the stage of tendering. This water
will be supplied to Usgao, Pale, Mollem and to the tail-end sections of
Bicholim, Valpoi and Opa water supply system, including Keri, Vagurmem, Volvoi
in Priol constituency. These areas are now being fed from local water supply
schemes. PWD officials said at least 5MLD water from this scheme will be
available for Panaji.

The second scheme being planned is the augmentation of the 15MLD Chandel scheme
by another 15MLD at a cost of 130 crore. The proposal has been sent for the
financial approval of the government. The scheme is meant to boost the water
supply of coastal Pernem. Another scheme on the drawing board is the
augmentation of the 115MLD Opa water supply scheme by another 27MLD.

This involves the construction of a new water treatment plant at Opa with funds
available under the JNNURM scheme. This scheme is at the stage of tendering,
sources said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            November 14, 2011 Monday

Quarterly mutual fund tracker: Funds like Franklin, ICICI & HDFC, etc., have
stayed the course and delivered

BYLINE: Bakul Chugan Tongia

SECTION: INVESTOR'S GUIDE

LENGTH: 1300 words


It takes nerves of steel to venture into the market when volatility is staring
you in the face and there's no strategy at hand that will take you to your goal.
But take heart, help is at hand. ET, in this issue of quarterly mutual fund
tracker, lists some funds that have stayed the course and delivered in trying
times.

Investing at a time when markets are choppy is not easy. The fear of losing
money in the near term clearly outweighs the prospects of substantial earnings
in the medium or longer term. Yet it is interesting that many investors wade in
when the markets are rising and stay away when stock prices of even blue-chip
companies are available at bargain basement rates.

If overcoming fear itself is a challenge, investing in equities through mutual
funds, albeit systematically, is always a viable option. But which are the
mutual fund schemes? When it comes to investing in mutual funds, investors look
to put money in schemes that generate high returns, ignoring the fact that risks
associated with such schemes can be equally high.

The knock on impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on many of the better
performing equity mutual fund schemes has to be kept in mind, even though many
fund houses recouped their losses in the following years.

Keeping the risk appetite of investors in mind, especially in volatile market
conditions, ETIG recommends a handful of equity mutual fund schemes which
investors can consider for investment at a time when the future outlook for the
equity market appears uncertain.

These schemes, selected on the basis of their investment mandates, strategies,
portfolio composition and past performance, especially in volatile markets, may
not generate astounding returns in a bullish market. But the capital invested is
unlikely to slide sharply if markets head southwards.

These schemes can be viewed as safe movers, which have been positioned to
generate decent returns, without taking any undue or opportunistic risk
associated with the equity market.

FRANKLIN INDIA BLUECHIP

Dubbed by some as a scheme for the elderly, one of the oldest equity schemes of
the mutual fund industry today, Franklin India Bluechip's performance currently
is sure to attract young investors as well. A pure large cap portfolio
orientation, conservative investment approach and investment strategy, which is
a mix of both growth and value styles, characterises this scheme.

Those managing the scheme refrain from taking momentum calls and invest in
companies for long-term gains. By following this philosophy, the scheme did lose
out to its peers during the bull run, which led to detractors terming the scheme
as one for the old folk. But over the long haul, it has emerged as a neat
performer, offering decent gains without much pain.

(##include msid=2459375,type=9 ##)

ICICI PRUDENTIAL DYNAMIC

What separates ICICI Prudential Dynamic from other diversified equity schemes is
its positioning in riding market volatility to its advantage.

The scheme has the flexibility to move its assets between equity and cash
depending upon how markets behave. In the event of extreme volatility, the
scheme can take cash calls as high as 35% of the portfolio, which is possible,
thanks to a high percentage of large-cap liquid counters in its portfolio.

Given its structure, the scheme has an equally high probability of losing out on
opportunities in the event the market stages a positive turnaround. But then
this scheme is meant to get the better of volatility than concentrating on
booking gains from unanticipated opportunities.

DSP BLACKROCK TOP 100 EQUITY

A 100% large-cap portfolio, buy and hold strategy, and a defensive approach to
equity investing mark the DSPBR Top 100 Equity. With this scheme, an investor
can neither be too ambitious nor get dejected in the event of a crisis.

While speculation is clearly ruled out, going overly defensive is a welcome
thought. It is this very attitude that pays well for the scheme in a volatile
scenario. With a set valuation parameters, stocks are liquidated once the target
price is achieved without being tempted to chase the momentum which could lift
some stocks to new highs.

This disciplined approach relatively insulates the scheme from taking undue
risks, albeit at the cost of cashing on some prospective opportunities.

HDFC TOP 200

The largest equity scheme in the country today, HDFC Top 200 manages assets
worth over `10,500 crore. This scheme has been one of the fabulous performers
irrespective of market conditions.

Having faced sharp criticism in 2007 for missing out on opportunities and
faltering on all performance parameters, it has today quashed all allegations
and emerged as an allrounder.

It was one of the first few schemes to dig out returns in the rather defensive
consumer staple space when others were hungry for heavy industries, a strategy
that eventually turned the tables for this scheme.

Moreover, a strict indifference to the market momentum has also proved the
scheme's ability to generate returns without going overboard on risk.

(##include msid=2459375,type=9 ##)

FRANKLIN INDIA PRIMA PLUS

Strict adherence to parameters that limit the exposure to momentum plays is a
vital trait of Franklin India Prima Plus that differentiates it from most equity
schemes - both on risk and return parameters.

And it is not us, but the scheme's performance itself, that will justify its
trait. Not only was Prima Plus successful in cushioning its downfall during the
financial crisis of 2008, but also its ability to protect downside could not
have been displayed better than it has in the current calendar year.

It is probably one of the very few schemes, apart from those in the dividend
yield category, to have shed just about 6% of its NAV in the current year till
date, even as broader indices and its peers generated negative returns in double
digits.

And if one believed that only large caps could be considered safer, Prima Plus
is in fact a multi-cap offering to have achieved this feat, albeit at
cost-subdued returns during rallies.

BIRLA SUN LIFE DIVIDEND YIELD PLUS

The dividend yield funds are the flavour of the season. The mandate of investing
in companies that generate high dividend yields has made these schemes an
instant hit with investors, as the stocks of such companies tend to be less
volatile.

Companies paying high dividends are expected to have healthy cash flows,
earnings visibility and strong balance sheets that make them averse to market
volatility.

For BSL DYP, apart from high dividend paying companies, a decent accumulation of
stocks from the defensive consumer staples sector has done the trick. The scheme
has successfully cushioned its NAV both in 2008 and in the current calendar
year.

UTI DIVIDEND YIELD

UTI Dividend Yield is another one from the dividend yield category that forms
part of our list of relatively safer diversified equity schemes. Apart from its
tendency to protect the downside in volatile times, what impressed us is the
fact that this scheme has generated handsome gains even during rallies, which
includes the market rally of 2007 when most other dividend yield funds were
simply average performers.

Interestingly, it is also one of the very few schemes in the industry today to
have more than doubled the investor money in the past five years without taking
any undue market risk.

When investing in equity mutual funds, the objective of wealth creation clearly
outweighs market risks associated with these schemes for most investors. Prudent
investors should always make note of the warning associated with market-linked
investment products that all equity mutual fund schemes are subject to market
risks.

But the schemes we have analysed have shown their ability to do well in volatile
markets compared to other diversified equity schemes.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            November 14, 2011 Monday

Quarterly mutual fund tracker: Funds like Franklin, ICICI & HDFC, etc., have
stayed the course and delivered

BYLINE: Bakul Chugan Tongia

SECTION: INVESTOR'S GUIDE

LENGTH: 1300 words


It takes nerves of steel to venture into the market when volatility is staring
you in the face and there's no strategy at hand that will take you to your goal.
But take heart, help is at hand. ET, in this issue of quarterly mutual fund
tracker, lists some funds that have stayed the course and delivered in trying
times.

Investing at a time when markets are choppy is not easy. The fear of losing
money in the near term clearly outweighs the prospects of substantial earnings
in the medium or longer term. Yet it is interesting that many investors wade in
when the markets are rising and stay away when stock prices of even blue-chip
companies are available at bargain basement rates.

If overcoming fear itself is a challenge, investing in equities through mutual
funds, albeit systematically, is always a viable option. But which are the
mutual fund schemes? When it comes to investing in mutual funds, investors look
to put money in schemes that generate high returns, ignoring the fact that risks
associated with such schemes can be equally high.

The knock on impact of the global financial crisis of 2008 on many of the better
performing equity mutual fund schemes has to be kept in mind, even though many
fund houses recouped their losses in the following years.

Keeping the risk appetite of investors in mind, especially in volatile market
conditions, ETIG recommends a handful of equity mutual fund schemes which
investors can consider for investment at a time when the future outlook for the
equity market appears uncertain.

These schemes, selected on the basis of their investment mandates, strategies,
portfolio composition and past performance, especially in volatile markets, may
not generate astounding returns in a bullish market. But the capital invested is
unlikely to slide sharply if markets head southwards.

These schemes can be viewed as safe movers, which have been positioned to
generate decent returns, without taking any undue or opportunistic risk
associated with the equity market.

FRANKLIN INDIA BLUECHIP

Dubbed by some as a scheme for the elderly, one of the oldest equity schemes of
the mutual fund industry today, Franklin India Bluechip's performance currently
is sure to attract young investors as well. A pure large cap portfolio
orientation, conservative investment approach and investment strategy, which is
a mix of both growth and value styles, characterises this scheme.

Those managing the scheme refrain from taking momentum calls and invest in
companies for long-term gains. By following this philosophy, the scheme did lose
out to its peers during the bull run, which led to detractors terming the scheme
as one for the old folk. But over the long haul, it has emerged as a neat
performer, offering decent gains without much pain.

(##include msid=2459375,type=9 ##)

ICICI PRUDENTIAL DYNAMIC

What separates ICICI Prudential Dynamic from other diversified equity schemes is
its positioning in riding market volatility to its advantage.

The scheme has the flexibility to move its assets between equity and cash
depending upon how markets behave. In the event of extreme volatility, the
scheme can take cash calls as high as 35% of the portfolio, which is possible,
thanks to a high percentage of large-cap liquid counters in its portfolio.

Given its structure, the scheme has an equally high probability of losing out on
opportunities in the event the market stages a positive turnaround. But then
this scheme is meant to get the better of volatility than concentrating on
booking gains from unanticipated opportunities.

DSP BLACKROCK TOP 100 EQUITY

A 100% large-cap portfolio, buy and hold strategy, and a defensive approach to
equity investing mark the DSPBR Top 100 Equity. With this scheme, an investor
can neither be too ambitious nor get dejected in the event of a crisis.

While speculation is clearly ruled out, going overly defensive is a welcome
thought. It is this very attitude that pays well for the scheme in a volatile
scenario. With a set valuation parameters, stocks are liquidated once the target
price is achieved without being tempted to chase the momentum which could lift
some stocks to new highs.

This disciplined approach relatively insulates the scheme from taking undue
risks, albeit at the cost of cashing on some prospective opportunities.

HDFC TOP 200

The largest equity scheme in the country today, HDFC Top 200 manages assets
worth over `10,500 crore. This scheme has been one of the fabulous performers
irrespective of market conditions.

Having faced sharp criticism in 2007 for missing out on opportunities and
faltering on all performance parameters, it has today quashed all allegations
and emerged as an allrounder.

It was one of the first few schemes to dig out returns in the rather defensive
consumer staple space when others were hungry for heavy industries, a strategy
that eventually turned the tables for this scheme.

Moreover, a strict indifference to the market momentum has also proved the
scheme's ability to generate returns without going overboard on risk.

(##include msid=2459375,type=9 ##)

FRANKLIN INDIA PRIMA PLUS

Strict adherence to parameters that limit the exposure to momentum plays is a
vital trait of Franklin India Prima Plus that differentiates it from most equity
schemes - both on risk and return parameters.

And it is not us, but the scheme's performance itself, that will justify its
trait. Not only was Prima Plus successful in cushioning its downfall during the
financial crisis of 2008, but also its ability to protect downside could not
have been displayed better than it has in the current calendar year.

It is probably one of the very few schemes, apart from those in the dividend
yield category, to have shed just about 6% of its NAV in the current year till
date, even as broader indices and its peers generated negative returns in double
digits.

And if one believed that only large caps could be considered safer, Prima Plus
is in fact a multi-cap offering to have achieved this feat, albeit at
cost-subdued returns during rallies.

BIRLA SUN LIFE DIVIDEND YIELD PLUS

The dividend yield funds are the flavour of the season. The mandate of investing
in companies that generate high dividend yields has made these schemes an
instant hit with investors, as the stocks of such companies tend to be less
volatile.

Companies paying high dividends are expected to have healthy cash flows,
earnings visibility and strong balance sheets that make them averse to market
volatility.

For BSL DYP, apart from high dividend paying companies, a decent accumulation of
stocks from the defensive consumer staples sector has done the trick. The scheme
has successfully cushioned its NAV both in 2008 and in the current calendar
year.

UTI DIVIDEND YIELD

UTI Dividend Yield is another one from the dividend yield category that forms
part of our list of relatively safer diversified equity schemes. Apart from its
tendency to protect the downside in volatile times, what impressed us is the
fact that this scheme has generated handsome gains even during rallies, which
includes the market rally of 2007 when most other dividend yield funds were
simply average performers.

Interestingly, it is also one of the very few schemes in the industry today to
have more than doubled the investor money in the past five years without taking
any undue market risk.

When investing in equity mutual funds, the objective of wealth creation clearly
outweighs market risks associated with these schemes for most investors. Prudent
investors should always make note of the warning associated with market-linked
investment products that all equity mutual fund schemes are subject to market
risks.

But the schemes we have analysed have shown their ability to do well in volatile
markets compared to other diversified equity schemes.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 27, 2008 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Not fit for royalty;
Critics pressure Garrett about resale plan

BYLINE: Katrina Strickland

SECTION: NEWS; Arts; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 1203 words


Arts Minister Peter Garrett has another fight on his hands, this time to
convince anyone that his proposed resale royalty scheme is workable, writes
Katrina Strickland.

The federal government's proposed resale royalty scheme is shaping up to become
a major political headache for Arts Minister Peter Garrett, as both sides of the
debate are complaining that it is unworkable.

An Access Economics report warned the government in April that a
non-retrospective resale royalty scheme might not collect enough money to cover
the scheme's administration costs. This was six months before Garrett released
details of the proposed scheme, which is non-retrospective.

Legislation for the scheme is scheduled to go before parliament by Christmas,
but auction houses and artist groups say they have not yet seen any draft
legislation.

They have been urging the government to significantly amend the proposed scheme
before putting it to the vote - but they both want very different things.

The resale scheme debacle caps off a bad month for Garrett, who has come under
sustained attack from musicians appalled by his killing off of the Australian
National Academy of Music and replacing it with a new academy inside Melbourne
University.

The Access Economics report to the Department of the Environment, Water,
Heritage and the Arts backs up concerns held by copyright collecting agency
Viscopy that the system the government plans to introduce is not workable.

The proposed scheme will apply only prospectively - that is, to the second
resale after the scheme is introduced. This limitation is the result of
government legal advice that a retrospective scheme would breach the
constitution. There is also a sense that collectors need to know when they buy a
work that a royalty is payable if and when they come to sell it.

Under a retrospective scheme, such as that introduced two years ago across the
European Union, the royalty is applicable on secondary art sales regardless of
when a work is bought.

"The amount of royalties collected in early years of a prospectively applied
scheme may be very small, possibly too small to cover administrative costs of
the scheme," the April 7 Access Economics report says.

"Furthermore, the costs of administering a prospective scheme are likely to be
greater than [those of] administering an equivalent retrospective scheme, as
greater information systems would be needed to confirm an artwork's
eligibility."

The report warns that such a scheme "may increase the scope for royalty
avoidance . . . [as it would] generally be harder to enforce".

In its modelling of a prospective scheme, Access Economics estimates that only
$3.4 million would be collected in the first five years of operation, assuming
that artworks resell on the secondary market about once a decade, with only an
estimated 22 per cent of secondary art sales in the first five years expected to
attract the royalty.

The amount collected rises to $11.7 million in the first decade, from only 39
per cent of resales, getting to only 63 per cent of sales, or $38.5 million in
income, in 20 years.

Access also modelled the scheme on an assumption that works turn over on the
secondary market on average every two and five years, which gave much better
royalty figures, but even so it estimates it will take 20 years at best for all
resales to attract the royalty.

Art market experts say art does not generally turn over nearly as quickly as
this, and that a decade is the minimum assumption on which the model should be
based.

Viscopy thinks a decade is too short. Its own November report, based on
Australian Art Sales Digest figures, shows that 6 per cent of works sold at
auction in 1998 were resold before 2008.

The Access Economics report is based on administration costs swallowing about 20
per cent of the income raised. Viscopy is still assessing whether it's worth
tendering to administer the scheme

"Unfortunately, Viscopy believes that the government's proposed scheme will not
deliver significant income to Australian artists for a very long time, and at
the same time will be complex and costly to administer," the agency says in its
November report .

The headache for Garrett is that the unworkability of the proposed scheme is not
easily fixed. If the scheme is made retrospective its own advice suggests it
could well breach the constitution.

A spokesman for Garrett says the level set in the proposed scheme "is at exactly
the right level it needs to be, which is effective, which isn't too costly, and
which provides certainty over the long term that visual artists can actually
receive a royalty that they are due".

He adds that he is happy to have a "strong debate about what this scheme
ultimately should look like", but says it is "set at the level which will work
most effectively for all visual artists, including indigenous artists".

Viscopy chairman Michael Keighery wants the government to reconsider the
constitutional issue; legal advice given to the Arts Law Centre of Australia
says the scheme could be made retrospective without breaching the constitution.

"We're keen to bring this to a head sooner rather than later, even if that means
taking the issue to the High Court for clarification," Keighery says.

The auction houses are also unhappy about the proposed scheme, but for very
different reasons. They don't want a royalty scheme at all, but if there is one
they don't want it levied at a flat 5 per cent, nor payable to artists' estates
for 70 years after their death, nor uncapped - all elements of the proposed
scheme.

In the UK, by contrast, the royalty is levied on a sliding scale from 4 per cent
down to 0.25 per cent, capped at EUR12,500 ($25,000) per sale, and payable only
to living artists.

The auction houses argue that much of the money raised through the proposed
Australian scheme will go to already wealthy widows such as Wendy Whiteley,
Helen Brack, Lyn Williams and Yvonne Boyd - whose late husbands' works fetch the
highest prices at auction - rather than to struggling artists, the supposed
reason for the introduction of the scheme.

The Access Economics modelling suggests this argument is valid but overstated;
24 per cent of royalties raised would go to these four widows, with 4 per cent
to artist Charles Blackman and 57 per cent to artists below the top 10 sellers.

But if the government excludes artist estates, or introduces a sliding scale or
caps the amount raised per single sale, the amount collected will be even
smaller and thus the scheme even more untenable.

The managing director of Sotheby's, Lesley Alway, says all this means the
proposed scheme should be ditched.

"You don't implement poor policy, nor should you introduce a whole lot of
elements to make up for poor policy," Alway says.

"In my experience, it's harder to change things after the event than to iron out
problems before something is implemented."

She points out that French President Nicolas Sarkozy has added his voice to the
lobbying campaign against extending the EU's resale royalty to the estates of
artists.

"The other thing which people will be shocked about is that it's payable on a
capital loss as well as capital gain, and as the past six months has shown, the
market can be very fragile," Alway says.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Brett Whiteley's Balmoral at auction . . . the proposed scheme
will apply to a work's second resale. Photo: MICHAEL CLAYTON JONES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                  May 16, 2006

Companies oppose compulsory pension schemes

LENGTH: 550 words



HIGHLIGHT: Two-thirds of companies are against automatic enrolment of employees
into pension schemes, according to a report published today.


Two-thirds of companies are against automatic enrolment of employees into
pension schemes, according to a report published today.

Auto-enrolment was a key recommendation in the Pensions Commission's report into
pension reform. Employees who did not have access to a better occupational
scheme would automatically join the new National Pensions Saving Scheme, into
which they would contribute 5% of their pay and their employer would pay in 3%.

However, 61% of companies said enrolling employees in this way would prompt them
to revise or even abandon their schemes, according to a survey carried out by
pensions administration firm Capita Hartshead's.

Des Hamilton of the Pensions Advisory Service said he was unsurprised by the
finding, as companies were deterred by the additional cost of automatically
enrolling all employees.

He said that auto-enrolment would lead to a huge increase in the number of
employees joining pension schemes, and therefore the cost of administrating a
scheme would rise.

Derek Meldrum, a spokesman for Capita, said the reluctance was partly down to
cost, but more to the potential administrative burden of a system where
employees would automatically be included in the scheme and have to opt out if
they chose not to participate.

The survey also showed that 21% of employees covered by the survey had not
joined their company's occupational pension scheme, despite concerns of a
looming pensions crisis.

Mr Meldrum blamed financial constraints and differing priorities. "Younger
people are faced with increasing rent or mortgage costs and may have student
loans. They do not want to see their income reduced," he said.

Mr Hamilton argued that a lack of interest in joining a pension scheme was often
linked to the way in which companies invited their employees to join. "Often
companies fail to 'sell' their schemes because it is not in their interest to do
so," he said.

The survey, which questioned 243 companies with pension schemes that had 4.4
million members, also found that the majority of firms did not think the
government's recent overhaul of pensions legislation, known as A-Day, had
changed their scheme significantly.

The new rules were designed to make pensions simpler and to encourage people to
save more. But 96% of firms said the change had not improved take-up among staff
and 94% did not think the new rules made it more likely that final salary
schemes would remain open.

A further 92% of companies said their schemes were not simpler to administer as
a result of the rule changes and 72% claimed they had not improved the financial
security of their scheme.

At the same time, the number of people failing to join their company pension
scheme has increased to 21%, up from 17% last year.

Meanwhile, union officials voiced disappointment at today's decision by the
Royal Bank of Scotland to close its final salary pension scheme to new entrants.

New employees will not be eligible for the existing pension scheme after October
1. Existing staff will have the choice of either remaining in the scheme or
receiving 15% of their salary to invest in other savings schemes, including a
new range of retirement savings options.

Capita's survey showed that 54% of final salary schemes covered by its survey
were now closed to new members, an increase of 8% on last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2006 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              526 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 28, 2001

Jobs & money: Up front: What have all these companies got in common?: They've
angered their staff with a pension shake up: Rupert Jones examines the schemes
that are undergoing radical changes

BYLINE: Rupert Jones

SECTION: Guardian Jobs and Money Pages, Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1437 words


A fly parking itself on the wall of Kent-based packaging firm Crest early this
week would have noticed that something seemed to be troubling the workers. Staff
gathered furtively in corners to discuss some pressing topic and there was
dissent in the air.

"The attitude here is somewhat mutinous," one angry employee told Jobs & Money
this week. "There are lots of very unhappy and worried people here."

Some might be surprised to learn that the issue causing so much consternation
was the company's pension scheme - a topic not usually known for its capacity to
dramatically stir up people's emotions. This week Crest closed down its generous
final salary company pension scheme - where staff are guaranteed a certain level
of pension benefits at retirement - and replaced it with a money purchase
stakeholder scheme, a type of arrangement which offers no such guarantees and
leaves them more vulnerable to the whims of the stock market.

"I think 'kick in the nuts' is an expression I could use," says the employee.
"You look around and there are huddles of people and all they are talking about
is pensions."

Crest, which makes the packaging for products as diverse as Mr Kipling cakes and
Linda McCartney frozen vegetarian meals, isn't the only company that is
tampering with its pension arrangements. Supermarket giant Tesco and business
services group Hays are just two of the big-name employers making changes to
their company pension schemes which could result in some of their workers losing
out, it was revealed this week.

Last Saturday Jobs & Money told how BT has just closed its final salary company
pension scheme to new entrants. All new employees will only be able to join a
money purchase scheme.

We asked readers to contact us if their employer had closed its final salary
scheme to new entrants or had made other changes that they were concerned about
- and we got a huge response. Extracts from some of the emails we received are
on the right.

Many pension experts say final salary (aka defined benefit) schemes offer
workers a better deal because they guarantee to pay a pension related to your
earnings and length of service at or near retirement. With money purchase (aka
defined contribu tion) schemes, the value of the pension you get when you retire
is determined by how much is paid in, investment performance and annuity rates.
Switching to a money purchase scheme enables an employer to cut its costs and in
effect pass the burden of risk over to the employee.

Hays, which employs around 13,000 people in the UK, is doing the same thing as
BT. It closed its final salary scheme to most new entrants earlier this year and
is bringing in a new money purchase scheme. As was the case with the old scheme,
eligible employees will receive pension contributions from Hays on top of what
they themselves put in. Provided the employee puts in 2% of their pay, Hays's
contribution will be 2% for the first two years and 3% after that, though you
can put in additional contributions which will also attract extra cash from
Hays.

This doesn't seem to compare well with what some of those staff in the final
salary scheme get - they contribute 4% of their pay with the employer putting in
around 11%, says one Hays employee who contacted Jobs & Money.

The company denies the move is designed to save money but says it will make its
pension costs more "predictable". Literature being sent out to Hays employees
states that money purchase schemes "are in part a response to changing career
patterns . . .(and) can work better for people who have several employers during
their working lives".

This is the typical defence given by companies when they make the switch. What
they don't of course mention is that industry research has found that employers
tend to put less money into money purchase schemes. And consulting actuaries
Lane Clark & Peacock warns that the move away from traditional final salary
schemes towards money purchase means "increased uncertainty and volatility for
the employee, who is far less able to bear the risks of stock market
fluctuations than large companies".

Tesco, which employs 169,000 people in the UK, recently unveiled a major
"modernisation" of its pension provision which came into effect this month. A
lot of what it is doing is good, but below the surface lurk hazards which
employees should be aware of.

Tesco has just closed its final salary company pension scheme to new employees
and has made a new scheme available which is similar to a final salary
arrangement but where the pension you eventually get is based on your average
earnings, not your pay just before retirement.

The plusses are that, unusually, the new scheme is available to all employees,
whether full-time, part-time or temporary. And if you're a Tesco employee who
works full-time for much of your working life and then goes part-time towards
the end, this sort of scheme could actually offer you a better deal than the old
final salary one.

But the opposite is also true: if you're a long-term employee who is promoted
later in your career, the fact that your pension isn't based on your final
salary could make you a loser. Critically, the new scheme is linked to price
inflation whereas if you're in a final salary scheme each bit of pension you
accrue gets bumped up in line with earnings inflation.

This is bad news for some Tesco workers joining the new scheme. "For those
employees who do have a long and full career, the pension earned in the early
years could end up being less than half of what a final pay scheme would have
given for those same years," says employee benefits consultancy William M
Mercer. This is because earnings tend to go up about 2% a year more than prices,
and is where this sort of scheme can save a company money, it adds.

Actuaries Watson Wyatt, which worked on the new scheme with Tesco, replies that
while there will be winners and losers, the new scheme is "fairer". On the
inflation point it says Tesco is guaranteeing price inflation-linking as a
minimum - in other words, it's possible people might get more. Or, on the other
hand, maybe they won't.

At Crest, which has factories in Gillingham, Kent, and Wellingborough,
Northants, the new money purchase stakeholder pension arrangement has angered
many. While the old scheme had a contribution level of 9% of pay from the
company and 6% from the employee, for most staff the new one's terms are much
less beneficial: the employee contribution is 4% while the company contribution
is just 2% for staff aged 18 to 39, rising to 4% from 40 to 54, and then 8% from
55-59. It rises to 14% at age 60-plus - but by this point many staff will have
left the company and so will not benefit.

Crest declined to comment but copies of letters from the company to workers,
passed to the Guardian state that it decided to switch to a stakeholder scheme
because although there is a small surplus in the old final salary scheme fund,
"due to increased taxation on pension funds and increased costs of buying
pensions" future contribution rates would have to increase sharply for the
scheme to carry on as it is. In light of these problems and the losses being
suffered by the company, it was decided to adopt an alternative arrangement,
state the letters.

Jobs & Money also received two emails concerning computer giant IBM, which
closed its final salary scheme to new members in 1997 and insisted they pay into
a money purchase scheme.

The pensions ombudsman this week confirmed it is investigating a complaint that
the company has used an estimated pounds 700m surplus in its final salary scheme
to pay contributions into the less well-funded money purchase scheme. Angry IBM
pensioners have set up a website (www.gpsu.co.uk/cplan) to protest and several
MPs have expressed their concern. IBM refused to comment.

In an earlier case the ombudsman ruled that Barclays Bank had "breached good
faith" and was guilty of maladministration for using a surplus from its final
salary scheme (closed to newcomers since 1997) to meet the cost of its own
contributions to a newer money purchase scheme. The ombudsman demanded the bank
pay back the surplus plus interest. But last November the high court overturned
that decision and ruled that Barclays was in the right. Experts said the
decision could give the green light to other companies keen to make savings by
using a surplus from one scheme to fund another scheme.

Has your company closed its final salary scheme and cut back on its
contributions? Contact us at jobs.and.money@guardian.co.uk


LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              527 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 15, 1999, CITY EDITION

Attorney General's scheme available in District Court extradition cases

BYLINE: By KIERON WOOD, Barrister

SECTION: LAW REPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1064 words


James Byrne (applicant) v The Governor of Mountjoy Prison and (by order) the
Attorney General (respondents).

Attorney General's scheme - Application - Whether the scheme is available in
District Court extradition proceedings.

Extradition - Habeas corpus - Whether a judge's recommendation is required for
payment of fees under Attorney General's scheme.

The High Court (Mr Justice Kelly); judgment delivered 21 December 1998.

The Attorney General's scheme is an administrative scheme whereby the Attorney
General voluntarily assures that the legal costs of needy persons will be met
from funds at his disposal. The scheme, which has no statutory or contractual
basis, applies to certain litigation in the High Court and Supreme Court which
is not covered by civil or criminal legal aid. For more than 15 years, the
scheme has also applied to extradition cases in the District Court. The scheme
was available to the applicant in his extradition proceedings.

The High Court so held in dismissing the application for habeas corpus.

Michael O'Kennedy SC and Charles Corcoran BL for the applicant; Edward Comyn SC
and Robert Barron BL for the respondents.

Mr Justice Kelly said that a warrant had been issued by a London magistrate in
December 1996 for the arrest of the applicant on a charge of murder. On 5
November 1998, an assistant commissioner of the Garda Siochana authorised the
execution of the warrant in the State. The applicant was arrested and brought
before the Dublin District Court, where he was refused bail. On 27 November
1998, an application was made to the District Court for a recommendation that
the applicant's legal costs in the extradition case be met from the Attorney
General's scheme, because the applicant had no means. The judge said he would
not make an order under the scheme because senior counsel had advised him that
the scheme did not extend to or operate in the District Court. In his view, it
followed that any proposed recommendation he might make would be ultra vires and
he could not be a party to a bad order.

The case was adjourned until later the same day, when counsel for the Attorney
General gave the judge the Attorney General's personal assurance that the scheme
did apply to District Court extradition cases. The judge accepted the Attorney
General's assurance, but said that, as far as he was concerned, the undertaking
applied only to the instant case. He refused to make a recommendation as to the
payment of the applicant's legal fees. He suggested that the Attorney should
clarify the scheme to render it proof against any such challenge in the future.
The applicant's solicitor then put six propositions to the judge: that the
Attorney General had failed to prove that his scheme applied to the District
Court; that the Attorney General could not ensure payment of fees under the
scheme if it did not exist; that if the scheme did exist and the judge made no
recommendation, the Attorney General could not ensure payment of fees; that the
judge had released an accused in the same situation in another case; that the
applicant in this case was also entitled to be released; and that solicitor and
counsel for the applicant had no option but to withdraw from the scheme.

The applicant contended that, as he could not afford legal representation in the
District Court extradition proceedings and there was no effective scheme for the
State to pay for his legal representation, his detention was unlawful. He sought
an order of habeas corpus. Mr Justice Kelly, in his judgment, outlined the
history of the Attorney General's scheme. Its genesis was to be found in a
statement made to the Supreme Court by counsel acting for the Attorney General
in the case of Re Woods (1970) IR 154. He said that, where a prisoner applied
for habeas corpus and was not in a position to procure legal representation, and
the High Court or Supreme Court considered it proper that counsel or solicitor
should be assigned on the prisoner's behalf, the Attorney General would defray
the cost. Subsequently, the offer was put into a written form. The scheme
applied to habeas corpus applications, bail motions, certiorari, mandamus,
prohibition and extradition, which were not covered by civil or criminal legal
aid. Evidence was given in the High Court that the scheme had also been applied
to District Court extradition proceedings for more than 15 years.

Mr Justice Kelly said the scheme had no statutory or contractual basis but was a
voluntary assurance by the Attorney General, who might expand or contract the
scheme as he saw fit. He said the courts should generally accept assurances on
behalf of the Attorney General without question, except in truly exceptional
cases, of which this was not one.

The judge said the District Court judge was entitled to refer to the apparent
lacuna in the original scheme, but once counsel had given an assurance that the
scheme applied to the instant case, that should have been the end of the matter.
The refusal of the District Court judge to make a recommendation concerning
payment of the fees was of dubious legality and could have formed the basis for
an application for judicial review, rather than for habeas corpus.

Mr Justice Kelly dealt with each of the six propositions put to the District
Court. He said the scheme did not need to be proved in court as it was a
voluntary assurance by the Attorney General, of which the courts had taken
judicial notice for many years. The fact that the scheme had been reproduced in
writing did not mean it should be read as a statute, and it was not limited to
the precise wording of the scheme. The Attorney General was entitled to make a
payment under the scheme without the recommendation of a judge. The failure of
the Attorney General to inform the relevant authorities that the scheme had been
extended to cover District Court extradition proceedings did not render the
applicant's detention unlawful, and there could be no question of him being
released. The decision of the applicant's solicitor and counsel to withdraw from
the case was a matter for them, but their uncertainty over the payment of fees
was ill-founded.

Mr Justice Kelly said the application for habeas corpus was premature and
unnecessary and he dismissed the application.

Solicitors: Eugene Dunne & Co (Dunboyne) for the applicant; Chief State
Solicitor for the respondents.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                              528 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           April 23, 1997, Wednesday

Pension transfer caught by tax

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 888 words


Queen's bench Division. Regina v Inland Revenue Commissioners, Ex Parte Roux
Waterside Inn Ltd

Before Mr Justice Tucker

(Judgment April 8)

Arrangements made to transfer funds out of one pension scheme into a new one so
as to avoid the restrictions on the ways pension benefits could be taken fell
within the tax avoidance principles laid down by the House of Lords in Ramsay
(W. T.) Ltd v IRC ((1982) AC 300) and justified the Inland Revenue's decision to
exercise its discretion under section 591B of the Income and Corporation Taxes
Act 1988 to withdraw approval of the old scheme and to raise an assessment on
the trustees under section 591C of the Act.

Mr Justice Tucker so held in a reserved judgment in the Queen's Bench Division
when dismissing an application by Roux Waterside Inn Ltd for judicial review of
the Revenue's decision of January 2, 1996, to withdraw approval from the Roux
Waterside Inn Ltd Retirement Benefit Scheme for the purposes of Chapter 1 of
Part XIV of the 1988 Act.

Section 591B of the 1988 Act, inserted by section 36(1) of the Finance Act 1991,
provides:"(1) If in the opinion of the Board the facts concerning any approved
scheme or its administration cease to warrant the continuance of their approval
of the scheme, they may at any time by notice to the administrator withdraw
their ap proval on such grounds, and from such date...as may be specified in the
notice."

Section 591C, inserted by section 61(1) of the Finance Act 1995, provides: "(1)
Where an approval of a scheme to which this section applies ceases to have
effect, tax shall be charged...(2)...at the rate of 40 per cent on an amount
equal to the value of the assets which immediately before the date of the
cessation of the approval of the scheme are held for the purposes of the scheme
(taking that value as it stands immediately before that date). . ."

In 1988 the old pension scheme had been established solely for the benefit of Mr
Michel Roux, who effectively controlled the applicant company, and his wife, Mrs
Robyn Roux. The arrangements were entered into so that Mr Roux's interest in the
old scheme could be transferred into a new scheme for which Revenue approval
would initially be sought but which would be altered on the date of transfer in
such a way as to become incapable of approval. The purpose was to extract the
value of Mr Roux's benefits from the old scheme so as to avoid the restrictions
on the way in which pension benefits could be taken.

Thus in July 1995, the Michel Roux Ltd Pension Scheme was set up and Mr Roux
arranged for his retirement benefits, in excess of Pounds 900,000, to be
transferred by the trustees into it out of the old scheme. Thereafter the
trustees retired, Guernsey resident trustees taking their place.

In August 1995 Mr Roux ceased to be a paid director of Roux Waterside Inn Ltd
and in paid employment for the purposes of the old scheme. The Revenue took the
view that the old scheme was used to engineer a transfer of benefits into a
scheme which was not, and was not intended after the transfer ever to be an
approved scheme and that it ceased to warrant the continuance of approval. Thus
it exercised its discretion to withdraw approval under section 591B, the effect
of which was to trigger the charge to tax under section 591C.

The applicant contended that the question was one of administration, there being
nothing about the administration of the old scheme which could have caused it to
lose approval, the trustees having acted properly and in accordance with the
obligations imposed on them by the Pensions Schemes Act 1993 when making the
transfer.

Mr Andrew Thornhill, QC and Mr Jeremy Woolf for the applicant; Mr Launcelot
Henderson, QC and Mr Timothy Brennan for the Crown.

MR JUSTICE TUCKER said that the question was not purely one of administration of
the old scheme. The Revenue was entitled to look at the broad facts and consider
the purpose for which the old scheme had been used.

Mr Roux was the controlling influence in the setting up of both schemes. The
Revenue was justified in concluding that he was the prime mover behind the
scheme and had procured the action taken to implement it.

The principles governing the case were laid down in Ramsay . The Revenue had to
ascertain the legal nature of any transaction to which it was sought to attach a
tax or tax consequences. If the legal nature was that which emerged from a
series of transactions which were intended to operate as such, it was the series
or combination of transactions rather than the individual transaction to which
regard was to be had.

Where, as here, a taxpayer had used a scheme comprising a number of separate
transactions with the object of avoiding paying tax, the Revenue and the courts
were not limited to considering the genuineness or otherwise of each individual
step or transaction in the scheme, but could consider the scheme as a whole.

The scheme was a pre-arranged tax avoidance scheme involving the use of the old
pension to achieve its purpose. The Revenue was justified.

It was regrettable that Mrs Roux should be affected by the decision, but her
interest was a minor one and could not be a compelling reason for altering the
decision.

Solicitors: Mr Ian Altug; Solicitor of Inland Revenue.


LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              529 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                November 3, 1995

Enacted after extensive consultation

SECTION: Letters To The Editor; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 798 words


I REFER to your correspondent Mr Tim Moore's letter headlined, "Crazy assault on
benefit schemes", which appeared in the South China Morning Post, on October 12.
Some clarification is called for.

Mr Moore said that the Occupational Retirement Scheme Ordinance (ORSO), was
hastily enacted and that its main defects are that it "specifies a reporting
period which is much too short for defined benefit schemes and that its solvency
requirements are too onerous".

ORSO was drafted and enacted after extensive consultation with the retirement
schemes industry, including the professional bodies and retirement plan
consultants and advisers.

In introducing ORSO, the Government not only considered carefully the
implications of short-term fluctuations in the market values of investments over
the long-term finances of the schemes, but also how the solvency position would
be affected by the adequacy of contribution and funding rates, employee turnover
rates, salary increments, mortality rates, etc.

Accordingly, ORSO is designed to enable defined benefit schemes to operate and
service beneficiaries under a disciplined and regulated environment.

Monitoring of a scheme's financial position through periodic actuarial reviews
and certifications (on a three-year basis, which is changed to an annual review
and certification basis if a solvency shortfall is identified) is essential for
safeguarding the interests of scheme members.

The consulting actuaries are made responsible for drawing up the necessary
funding recommendations based on their estimates of long-term investment
performance and the increases in scheme liabilities.

The relevant employers are then to provide an undertaking to fund the scheme in
accordance with the actuaries' recommendations, so that the scheme will be
assured of the necessary resources and support to make it a financially viable
scheme for the future.

Given the requisite financial backing from the employer, a marginally insolvent
scheme which is considered to be financially viable in the long term, should
experience no difficulty riding through periods of short-term volatility in the
financial markets.

Bearing in mind that the aim of ORSO is to protect the interests of the members
or beneficiaries of the scheme, we do not consider it appropriate that an
insolvent scheme should continue to operate unchecked allowing inequities
between scheme members to perpetuate to their general or individual detriment.
ORSO upholds the principle of solvency for all registered occupational
retirement schemes for a very good reason.

If a scheme was insolvent, members who left the scheme earlier when the fund was
insolvent would obtain their accrued benefits in full whereas those who stayed
on until the financial situation of the fund had deteriorated further would have
to accept substantially reduced or zero benefits upon liquidation of the scheme.

So undesirable a consequence would be contrary to the spirit and purpose of
establishing a retirement scheme in the first place.

Mr Moore points out that investment managers tend to invest funds of defined
benefits schemes (DBS) for the longer term and defined contribution schemes
(DCS) for the shorter term, and that in consequence final returns on DBS tend to
be higher than on DCS. This is generally the case.

However, he implies that the solvency and regular reporting requirements of ORSO
militate against the establishment of DBS.

There is no evidence to support this assertion. Investment portfolios are drawn
up to reflect the inherent difference in the nature and structure of the schemes
and the aspirations of employers and employees alike. There is no doubt that
individual members of a DCS would tend to be risk-averse, because the investment
return is directly linked to their retirement benefit, unlike the members of a
DBS whose retirement benefits are guaranteed by the employer, who is usually
more willing to accept a higher risk profile to ensure that he meets his
investment target.

It is a world-wide practice for prudent employers to seek to keep their
retirement schemes fully solvent at all times. The purpose of the ORSO
requirements is simply to provide statutory backing to what is, or should
already be, a prudent practice among employers and their scheme administrators.
A well-informed, long-term DCS employee will not be put off by short-term
fluctuations because, even if he were to retire in a year of low or negative
return, his accumulated investment should still incorporate a very handsome
return. Naturally, a short-term employee could not expect so handsome a
retirement benefit under either a DCS or a DBS. This state of affairs exists
irrespective of ORSO.

A.G. O'BRIEN for Secretary for Financial Services

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1995 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              530 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     American Bankruptcy Institute Journal

                                  29-8 ABIJ 36

                                  October 2010

Column

European Update

The Growth of Schemes of Arrangement as the Tool of Choice in Complex
Restructurings

Contributing Editor: Adam Gallagher, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP; London,
adam.gallagher@freshfields.com

About the Authors

Adam Gallagher is a partner and Ian Wallace is a senior associate at Freshfields
Bruckhaus Deringer LLP in London.

LENGTH: 3889 words

TEXT:


 [*36]  Editor's Note: Over the past few years, increasingly complex debt
structures combined with the difficulty of finding lenders interested in
providing refinancing solutions, have left companies searching for new
restucturing measures. Those companies are often wanting to avoid the need for
potentially damaging and business-disruptive insolvency processes. In this
context, the economic downturn has seen a trend toward the use of schemes of
arrangement under the Companies Act 2006 as a means to implement restructurings.

   Schemes of arrangement are popular for a number of reasons, but most notably
because they provide a mechanism by which a majority in number and 75 percent by
value of each class of creditors can impose a debt restructuring on a dissenting
minority. Unlike alternatives that may be considered as tools of a
restructuring, a scheme is not technically an insolvency process, and a company
is therefore able to avoid--at least to a certain degree--the kind of
reputational stigma that is associated with formal insolvency proceedings. In
some cases, avoiding a technical insolvency process can also be extremely
valuable in ensuring that the company does not trigger insolvency event of
default wording in its commercial contracts.

   Perhaps most importantly for management, this is the U.K.'s version of a
"debtor-in-possession" restructuring tool. The scheme fixes the balance sheet
while the management gets on with running the business.

   Schemes of arrangements do have downsides, in particular the absence of any
statutory moratorium such as that available in formal insolvency processes such
as administration, and to a lesser degree, company voluntary arrangements
(CVAs). While it is not a court-intensive process like chapter XI, there are at
least two court hearings. The first of those is, arguably, the more involved as
that provides the appropriate forum for any challenges to be brought. This stage
is, therefore, not without its difficulties. Challenges will often focus on
obtaining court approval for the composition of creditor classes and the
appropriate valuation methodology and evidence.

   In this European Update, Ian Wallace examines the rise in popularity of
schemes of arrangement and some of the key issues and challenges, particularly
in cross-border scenarios, that have been faced by those trying to implement
them.

   Over the past few years, as the availability of cheap corporate debt has
rapidly diminished, companies have been increasingly forced to turn to
restructuring options in an effort to deal with downturns in business
performance in a more restricted economic climate. Among the hardest hit have
been those businesses where the pre-credit crunch craze for leveraged buyouts
has resulted in heavily overleveraged balance sheets, comprising of multiple
tiers of debt, and a growing difficulty in meeting financial covenant tests and
interest payment obligations based on pre-recession performance forecasts.
These increasingly complex debt structures, combined with the difficulty of
finding any lenders interested in providing refinancing solutions, has left
companies searching for new measures to enable them to reach workable
compromises with their financial creditors, without having to undergo
potentially damaging and business-disruptive insolvency processes. Recent
restructurings such as McCarthy & Stone, Crest Nicholson, IMO Carwash and La
Seda are evidence of a trend toward the use of schemes of arrangement as a means
to implement restructurings of bank debt, and repair the balance sheets of such
companies in circumstances where unanimous lender consent has, for one reason or
another, not been forthcoming.

Overview

   Schemes of arrangement are court-sanctioned compromises entered into between
a company and one or more classes of creditors. Schemes are not insolvency
processes: The procedure is set out in Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006.
Schemes can give effect to anything that could be contractually agreed by way of
compromise between the parties, provided that no party be obliged to enter into
additional obligations (such as the provision of new lending.

   The terms of a scheme will become effective if (1) it is approved by at least
a majority of creditors by number, and at least 75 percent of creditors by
value, in each class; and (2) the court exercises its discretion to sanction the
scheme. Once sanctioned by the court, the terms of a scheme will be binding on
each creditor in the classes subject to the scheme, regardless of whether that
creditor voted in favor of the scheme.

Why a Scheme of Arrangement?

   Given that there are a variety of other restructuring tools available in the
market (pre-pack administrations, CVAs, etc.), it is worth examining why it is
that schemes of arrangement are becoming so prevalent among corporate borrowers
with sophisticated debt structures. The most significant advantages of a scheme
of arrangement are described herein.

 [*86]  [EDITOR'S NOTE: The page numbers of this document may appear to be out
of sequence; however, this pagination accurately reflects the pagination of the
original published documents.] Cramdown

   Schemes of arrangement provide a mechanism by which the majority of a class
of creditors can impose a debt restructuring on a dissenting minority. This is a
particularly helpful tool for highly leveraged companies where lender syndicates
tend to be relatively disparate and represent a variety of interests, from
high-street clearing banks through to smaller regional banks as well as hedge
funds and collateralized loan obligations. Having access to a scheme of
arrangement whereby the will of 75 percent (by value) and a majority in number
of creditors in each class can be imposed on the minority can be an essential
asset in getting a restructuring over the line. The very fact that a company has
the option of a scheme of arrangement available is a valuable tool in persuading
recalcitrant lenders that it is in their interest to agree to a fully consensual
solution, since if they continue to hold out then the restructuring can be
imposed on them under a scheme in any event.

"Solvent" Process

   Unlike some of the other alternatives that may be considered as part of a
restructuring, a scheme is not technically an insolvency process, and
accordingly a company entering into a scheme of arrangement with its lenders is
able to avoid--at least to a certain degree--the kind of reputational stigma
that is associated with a pre-pack administration or other formal insolvency
proceedings. This is of assistance both for the company, which benefits in areas
such as staff retention, commercial counterparty negotiations and the impact on
share price, and also for lenders who can avoid the potential negative publicity
that might otherwise arise if they are seen to be driving a customer into
insolvency.

   As well as the less tangible benefits from a reputational perspective,
avoiding a technical insolvency process can also be extremely valuable in
ensuring that a company does not trigger an insolvency event of default wording
in its commercial contracts. Although such contracts will vary from counterparty
to counterparty, it is often the case that whereas an administration process
will entitle a commercial counterparty to terminate the contract, a scheme of
arrangement, by virtue of not being an insolvency process, will not give rise to
such termination rights. This is particularly helpful with respect to
counterparties who are looking to use the company's negotiations with its
lenders to renegotiate or step away from contracts which for commercial reasons
they do not consider represent good value.

Ability to Bind Secured Creditors

   One of the appeals of a scheme is that unlike a CVA, it is capable of binding
both secured and unsecured creditors. This makes it a particularly viable tool
for the kind of complex debt restructurings that arise in respect of
highly-leveraged companies with multiple tiers of debt. In addition, schemes are
capable of being implemented as against any one or more "class" of creditors,
but do not need to be applicable to or, crucially, be approved by, all classes
of the company's creditors. It is easily possible to put together bespoke scheme
arrangements whereby, for example, unsecured creditors are entirely unaffected
and only certain tiers of financial debt are restructured or written down.

Flexibility

   Because a scheme is essentially a court-approved contractual arrangement,
companies have a great degree of flexibility on what can be included. For
obvious reasons, a scheme cannot be used to impose an obligation on lenders to
provide additional new financing, but as regards existing debt obligations, it
is possible to give effect to a wide range of restructuring options, which would
range from simple amendments of covenant terms through to full debt releases and
debt-for-equity swaps. Provided that the class of creditors votes for it, and
the court sanctions it, a restructuring of debt can be as limited or as broad as
any commercial contract would permit.

   This level of flexibility (combined with the cramdown mechanism) allows a
company to implement a more surgical restructuring of its debt, minimizing the
impact on the business and avoiding any attribution of "ransom value" to
minority creditors who might otherwise look to withhold their consent in return
for more favorable treatment in the restructuring.

The Down Side

   Despite all the advantages listed above, it is notable that schemes still
comprise only a very small percentage of restructurings implemented in England
and Wales, and are limited only to the more complex and high-value scenarios.
There are several reasons for this: the most significant are discussed below.

No Moratorium

   In contrast to administration and (for smaller companies) CVAs, there is no
statutory moratorium available in respect of schemes of arrangement. As a
result, a scheme cannot of itself ensure a stable platform for the
implementation of a restructuring.

   Where the restructuring in question is primarily to deal with overleveraging
in a company's balance sheet, it is possible for the business to continue
trading on an ordinary-course basis with its unsecured creditors, limiting the
risk of a scheme process being derailed by independent creditor action.
Conversely, where the business itself its in considerable difficulty and
immediate action must be taken to ensure stability and allow negotiations with
creditors at all levels, an administration process (with the moratorium that it
brings into effect) may be the more appropriate option.

Cost and Time

   Although they are very valuable tools for complex restructurings, there is no
avoiding the fact that schemes can be costly and time-consuming to implement.
There is relatively little formal guidance as to what does and does not have to
go into a scheme circular, but given the overriding requirement to evidence that
the scheme is fair to all creditors, circulars (which are sent to creditors to
ensure they are able to reach an informed decision) tend to be drafted on an
inclusive basis. This, combined with the fact that they will usually contain a
full breakdown of the current and proposed financial status of the company,
often means that scheme circulars run to several hundred pages.

   In addition, the restructuring will also involve court documents, such as
witness statements, as well as the usual amended debt documents that are
required as part of a typical bank facility restructuring. These documents have
inevitable time and cost implications, and even when all documents are agreed
upon, there is then a formal timetable for court hearings and creditor meetings,
which typically runs for at least six weeks from the date on which the scheme
circular is sent out to  [*87]  creditors. The result is that a full scheme
process can take several months from start to finish.

Current Issues

   Schemes, by nature, will vary dramatically from situation to situation,
depending on the degree and manner of restructuring required, and the make-up of
the relevant creditor base. Nevertheless, there are certain key issues that
arise regularly, which courts have had to look at when deciding whether the
classes for a scheme are fairly comprised, and whether the scheme itself is
sufficiently fair to allow the court to grant its sanction.

Class Composition

   Broadly speaking, each tranche of debt (i.e., each tier of lenders sharing
equivalent economic and security rights) will constitute a single class for the
purposes of voting on a scheme. Senior lenders will vote together, and will form
a separate class to mezzanine and second-lien lenders. However, this general
assumption can be easily rebutted depending on the specific nature of the rights
of lenders in each tier of debt; senior lenders providing different types of
facility (e.g., term lenders and providers of bank guarantees) may argue that
they should comprise separate classes, and this can have a material impact on
the voting power of individual lenders in the restructuring as a whole.

   The basic rule is that lenders are grouped into classes based on rights
rather than interests (see below for the impact of collateral interests arising
due to cross-holding of debt), so it is important in a restructuring for the
company to ascertain at an early stage which lenders will form classes together.
A lender who holds a potential blocking stake in any one class (i.e., more than
25 percent by value) may have considerable leverage in restructuring
negotiations.

Court Sanction: Cross-Holdings Not Being "Fair"?

   Assuming that all classes of creditors vote in favor of a scheme, its final
effectiveness depends on the court deeming that the scheme is fair and
constitutes an arrangement that "an intelligent and honest man, a member of the
class and acting it respect of his interest, might reasonably approve. n1 Where
the restructuring involves different tiers of secured debt held by multiple
lenders, there is often a concern that cross-holdings between the tranches of
debt may affect the court's decision as to whether to sanction the scheme. In
particular, there is a risk that a lender who has provided funds under more than
one facility, and who therefore is likely to be able to vote at the meetings of
several classes of creditor, will vote each class of debt in what he considers
to be his overall best interest, rather than in the interests of each separate
tranche of debt.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n1 In re Nat'l Bank, [1966] 1 W.L.R. 819, 829.


- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

   For example, take the case of a company that is the borrower of senior-and
mezzanine-debt facilities. Under a proposed restructuring, the senior debt is to
be kept whole or only amended marginally, whereas the mezzanine debt is to be
substantially written down. A lender who holds a large quantity of senior debt
and a smaller amount of mezzanine debt might be inclined to vote his mezzanine
debt in favor of the scheme, since this would protect his or hers senior
investment. However, this would mean that such lender was arguably not voting in
the manner in which "an intelligent and honest man, a member of the class and
acting in respect of his interest" would be expected, and a court might
therefore disregard his vote for the purposes of considering whether it ought to
sanction the scheme.

Impact on Other Group Companies

   Put simply, a scheme is a court-approved contractual arrangement between a
company and its creditors. The fact that technically the scheme is an agreement
solely between borrower and lenders gives rise to a potential issue due to the
fact that most leveraged loans will be guaranteed by all valuable companies in
the borrower's group. A scheme would be of limited value if it could amend or
release the primary borrowing but could not confer the same amendments and
releases in favor of the guarantor companies.

   In practice, such guarantor companies have often been made a party to the
scheme by entering into a deed of adherence or similar contractual agreement.
The court has taken the view that such accession is sufficient to ensure that
the terms of the scheme affect guarantees as well as primary borrowings.

   A further question sometimes arises as to whether a scheme to which the
guarantors have not been made a party can still be effective to ensure that the
terms of the scheme are binding on the guarantee liabilities. The court's stance
on this question has been confirmed by Patten LJ in the Court of Appeal as
follows:

     It seems to me entirely logical to regard the court's jurisdiction as
     extending to approving a scheme which varies or releases creditors'
     claims against the company on terms which require them to bring into
     account and release rights of action against third parties designed to
     recover the same loss. The release of such third party claims is
     merely ancillary to the arrangement between the company and its own
     creditors. n2



- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n2 Lehman Bros. Intl (Europe) (in administration), [2009] EWCA (Civ) 1161, [63].



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

   This has recently been reinforced in the judgement of Mrs. Justice Proudman
in the La Seda de Barcelona scheme, where a guarantor that was in administration
was not willing to accede formally to the scheme, but was still able to take the
benefit of the releases granted under the scheme. The court was particularly
influenced by the fact that in return for gaining the benefit of those releases,
the guarantor company was itself releasing various group companies from
outstanding intercompany debt obligations. This element of "give and take" was
seen as important in establishing a benefit to the scheme creditors, and
satisfying the court that its sanction of such releases would be appropriate. n3


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n3 In re La Seda de Barcelona SA, [2010] EWHC (Ch) 1364, [19].




- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Schemes of Foreign Companies

   Under English statute, a company is entitled to enter into a scheme of
arrangement if it were capable of being wound up in England and Wales. n4 Case
law further clarified the position, confirming that a company could be wound up
in England and Wales if it could be said to have "sufficient connection" with
England and Wales. n5

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n4 Section 895 of the Companies Act 2006, and §§ 220 and 221 of the Insolvency
Act 1986.

n5 See, e.g., In re A Company (No. 000359 of 1987) [1987] 3 W.L.R. 339; In re
Real Estate Dev. Co., [1991] B.C.L.C. 210; and In re Paramount Airways Ltd.,
[1992] B.C.L.C. 710.


- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

   This position was complicated somewhat by the introduction of the EC Council
Regulation on Insolvency Proceedings 1346/2000, which stipulated that a company
may only be wound up in a member state where it has either its center of main
interests or an establishment. Although the EC Regulation was not principally
intended to impact on schemes of arrangement, n6 it was nevertheless unclear
whether the amendment to the circumstances in which companies could be wound up
in England and Wales might have inadvertently amended the test for whether an
overseas company could enter into a scheme of arrangement.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n6 Schemes are not included in the annex of insolvency proceedings set out in
the EC Regulation.


- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

   To the extent that the issue has been considered, the court's view seems to
have been that the EC Regulation does  [*88]  not amend the test for schemes of
overseas companies, and that the "sufficient connection" test remains the
appropriate yardstick. n7 In the convening hearing of the La Seda scheme, n8 the
court again implied that a company with sufficient connection with England and
Wales would be able to take advantage of an English scheme of arrangement. n9
The question as to what constitutes "sufficient connection" is one that is
dependent on the facts in each case, but the bar seems to be set relatively low:
Recent cases indicate that English law-governed facility documents, along with
other indicative factors such as English bank accounts, are sufficient to pass
the sufficient-connection threshold.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



n7 See In re DAP Holding NV & Others, [2005] EWHC 2092 (Ch); and In re Sovereign
Marine & Gen. Ins. Co. Ltd., [2006] EWHC (Ch) 1335.

n8 Unreported.

n9 Although note that La Seda also made an argument, in the alternative, that it
had an establishment in the U.K.


- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

   It seems likely that an increasing number of overseas companies will look to
take advantage of the English schemes regime to implement restructurings of
complex debt arrangements. Companies will need to take care, however, to ensure
that an English law scheme of arrangement is capable of being enforced in the
jurisdiction in which the company's assets are situated: An English law decision
is of limited value if creditors are still able to take unilateral action to
recover their "schemed" debts in overseas jurisdictions.

Conclusion

   The increasing use of schemes to deliver restructurings of companies with
complex debt arrangements seems likely to be 'a continuing trend, particularly
while many corporations continue to operate with "over-levered" balance sheets
as a result of the leveraged buyout boom. A scheme of arrangement, while
time-consuming and expensive, offers something very unusual in the European
restructuring market--the opportunity to use a process outside of insolvency to
deliver a restructuring of bank debt without needing unanimous bank consent.

   For both English and foreign companies (as schemes such as La Seda
demonstrate), schemes provide the chance to deleverage balance sheets and
establish a stable platform for business growth as companies look to emerge from
the recession on a positive footing. The fact that schemes provide a way to
implement such restructurings without the process being able to be derailed by
obstructive minority creditors makes them a useful option for companies and
lenders alike, and one that is likely to be used increasingly in the coming few
years.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawCorporationsDissolution & ReceivershipGeneral
OverviewContracts LawDebtor & Creditor RelationsGovernmentsCourtsCourt Records


                              531 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

I am 60 years old and want to invest my retirement proceeds in mutual funds.
Please advise

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 629 words


I am 60 years old. I have retired from service two months ago. I want to invest
my retirement proceeds in mutual funds. Should I invest in balanced schemes?To
begin with, do you have a monthly pension that would take care of your living
expenses?

If yes, you can go ahead with your investments based on your various goals. If
you don't have a monthly pension (or a steady income) to meet your living
expenses, your first priority should be to ensure a steady income. You should
start your investments only after that.If you have a steady incomeAs said
before, if you have a steady source of income that is more than enough to take
care of your living expenses, you can think of investing your entire retirement
proceeds as per your various financial goals. As a rule, pick debt mutual fund
schemes or bank deposits to meet your short-term goals that are less than three
years away. For long-term goals that have to be met after five years or more,
you can invest in equity mutual fund schemes. If you do not have a steady
incomeYour first priority should be to ensure that you have a steady income to
take care of your living expenses. You should opt for government-sponsored
schemes like Senior Citizen Savings Scheme or Post Office Monthly Income Scheme
to secure a guaranteed income. Mutual funds do not guaranty returns. So, it is
not wise to bank on them for your primary income. Once your primary income is
taken care of, you can proceed with your investments as per your financial
goals.A few pointers...While picking up a debt scheme, you should make sure that
your investment horizon and the profile of the scheme matches. For example, if
you are parking your money for a few weeks or months, you should pick up a
liquid scheme as they are least volatile. If you are parking the money for a few
months, you can opt for a ultra short-term scheme. If you are investing for a
few years, you can pick up a short-term scheme or dynamic bond scheme.As for
equity scheme, you should invest in them only if you can stay invested for at
least five years. Also, you should have the stomach to digest the volatility
typically associated with the stock markets. This rule applies to even
equity-oriented balanced schemes. These days many investment advisors are
pitching balanced schemes as zero-risk investment. This is not true. Balanced
schemes invest at least 65 per cent of their corpus in equity. Stocks are risky,
even if it is only 65 per cent. Sure, the debt part of the portfolio may help
balanced schemes to manage the volatility better, but that doesn't make them
risk-free.Retired folks should pick Equtiy Linked Savings Schemes (ELSSs) or
tax-saving equity mutual fund schemes to save taxes. Other than that, they can
also invest in largecap schemes and diversified (multicap) schemes. You can use
equity mutual fund schemes to supplement your primary income. You can either opt
for a dividend option or sell a part of your profits to generate extra income.
Equity mutual fund schemes qualify for long-term capital gains tax (zero at the
moment) if investments are sold after a year. You also don't have to pay tax on
dividends. Even the mutual fund houses do not pay Dividend Distribution Tax
(DDT) on equity funds. You might come across many people discouraging you from
investing in equities. They would tell you that it is not suitable for you
because it is risky. Sure, it is risky. But if you have the time in hand and
surplus fund that can be deployed for a long period, you should go ahead with
your investment. Remember, you are going to live at least 20-25 years more. It
is very important for you to preserve your capital to safeguard your purchasing
power. Inflation can render your savings worthless over a long period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                        June 24, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

British Steel Pension Scheme Consultation - PLSA Publishes Its Response

LENGTH: 676  words


June 24 -- The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association (PLSA) has today
published its response to the British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS) consultation1
on the options for helping the scheme, steel workers and affected localities as
a part of a wider package of Government support for UK Steel.

The PLSA's response is built on certain outcomes it believes the consultation
should achieve, these are:

* BSPS secures a sustainable solution for its members which is supported by the
scheme's trustees;

* any solution implemented is not detrimental to the sustainability of  DB
provision more broadly; and

* Government commits to working with the PLSA's DB Taskforce2, and the wider
industry, to assess the challenges that DB schemes face when operating in the
current DB environment and to develop solutions for addressing them.

Joanne Segars, Chief Executive, Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association,
commented:

"It is inconceivable the Government can realistically consider these changes for
the British Steel pension scheme without also considering amendments for all
schemes, given that many defined benefit schemes face very similar challenges.
While securing the best outcome for members of the British Steel pension scheme
is of paramount importance in this instance it must be balanced against securing
the best outcome for all defined benefit pension scheme members.

"The nature of the proposed legislative amendments may have unintended
consequences for the integrity of the current regulatory system. The extent to
which the Pension Protection Fund's role is compromised by the persistence of a
scheme without a tangible employer has not been assessed nor has the fact that
the ability of the Pension's Regulator to pursue regulatory action in certain
situations may be undermined.

"These proposals for the British Steel pension scheme have been drafted to meet
an extraordinary situation but must not be allowed to become the default
solution for any struggling defined benefit scheme. We urge the Government to
commit to a long-term review of the current legislative system affecting defined
benefit schemes to ensure their sustainability and call upon the Government to
work with our Defined Benefit Taskforce and the wider pensions industry to
achieve this."

The PLSA believes there is a strong regulatory system in place and the Pension
Protection Fund (PPF) offers good outcomes for pension scheme members when their
scheme sponsor is unable to meet its obligations to the scheme in full.

Accepting that the Government's aim is to find a solution that minimises the
risks to the UK steel industry and its workers the Association believes that,
should a legislative option ultimately be required then, on balance, the
Government should proceed with a modified version of option three set out in its
consultation paper. This would include prospective amendments to the scheme's
benefits, via Section 67, as endorsed by the BSPS Trustees, so long as
additional safeguards are put in place.

The additional safeguards the PLSA would like to see put in place are that:

* the Government ensures legislative changes are scheme specific to the BSPS;

* the Government ensures that the PPF and the Pensions Regulator agree whether
the scheme is eligible for PPF protection and what legal entity will continue to
support the scheme, ensuring that all necessary securities are put in place; and

* the Government commits to a broader review of the legislative and wider
challenges facing DB schemes.

This modified version of option three should enable the scheme to continue to
provide good benefits for its members on a self-sufficient basis.

If these additional safeguards cannot be put in place, then the Government
should proceed with option one, utilising the existing regulatory framework
which will still provide good member outcomes.

A copy of the PLSA's response to the BSPS public consultation can be found here
(http://www.plsa.co.uk/PolicyandResearch/DocumentLibrary/0589-Response-British-S
teel-Pension-Scheme.aspx).

Source: National Association of Pension Funds

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                       May 4, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ9: Pilot Scheme for Use of Elderly Health Care Vouchers at University of Hong
Kong - Shenzhen Hospital

LENGTH: 986  words


May 4 -- Following is a question by the Hon Wong Kwok-kin and a written reply by
the Secretary for Food and Health, Dr Ko Wing-man, in the Legislative Council
today (May 4):

Question:

The Government launched the Elderly Health Care Voucher Scheme (EHCV Scheme) in
2009 and the Pilot Scheme at the University of Hong Kong - Shenzhen Hospital
under the EHCV Scheme (Pilot Scheme) on October 6, 2015.Under the Pilot Scheme,
eligible Hong Kong elderly people may use elderly health care vouchers (HCVs) to
pay for designated outpatient services at the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen
Hospital (HKU-SZ Hospital).Moreover, the authorities have indicated that they
will continue to enhance the EHCV Scheme.In this connection, will the Government
inform this Council:

(1) of the number of attendances of Hong Kong elderly people using HCVs at
HKU-SZ Hospital since the implementation of the Pilot Scheme; whether it knows
the Mainland cities in which these elderly people reside;

(2) of the total value of HCVs used by Hong Kong elderly people at HKU-SZ
Hospital since the implementation of the Pilot Scheme, with a breakdown by the
healthcare services involved;

(3) whether it has reviewed the effectiveness of the Pilot Scheme since the
implementation of the Pilot Scheme; if it has; of the outcome; if not; the
reasons for that, and when it will conduct the review;

(4) of the factors based on which it determined the Mainland cities in which the
Pilot Scheme was to be implemented; whether it will (i) include more medical
institutions in Shenzhen in the Pilot Scheme and (ii) implement the Pilot Scheme
in other Mainland cities; if it will, of the details; if not; the reasons for
that; and

(5) whether it has studied other measures to enhance the EHCV Scheme since the
implementation of the Pilot Scheme, so as to benefit more Hong Kong elderly
people; if it has, of the details of such measures and the progress of the
study?

Reply:

President,

My reply to the question raised by the Hon Wong Kwok-kin relating to enhancement
of Elderly Health Care Voucher Scheme (EHV Scheme) is given below:

The pilot scheme for the use of elderly health care vouchers at the University
of Hong Kong - Shenzhen Hospital (HKU-SZ Hospital) was launched on October 6,
2015.This is the first time the Government allows health care vouchers to be
used outside Hong Kong.The scheme aims to provide one more service point for
Hong Kong elders and facilitate those who reside in the Mainland or places near
Shenzhen (e.g. North District in the New Territories) to seek necessary medical
treatment.

(1) and (2) As at end of March 2016, 691 elders had used health care vouchers at
the HKU-SZ Hospital, and the total amount of the vouchers claimed was $919,709
(to pay for the healthcare service fees of around RMB762,891).The vouchers were
used in the designated Outpatient Medical Centers and Medical Service
Departments set out in Annex.

The Department of Health (DH) does not maintain statistics on the use of health
care vouchers by elders residing in different cities.Nevertheless, according to
the information provided by the HKU-SZ Hospital, as at end-March 2016, among the
elders who had made use of vouchers in the HKU-SZ Hospital and provided their
residential information, 408 were residing in the Mainland and 173 were residing
in Hong Kong.

(3) and (4) The quality of healthcare services and clinical governance structure
of the HKU-SZ Hospital are similar to that of Hong Kong, of which HK elders
would more likely consider it acceptable. As such, we at the present stage are
working with the HKU-SZ Hospital as the starting point for studying the
extension of the use of health care vouchers by Hong Kong elders in the
Mainland.

As this is the first time we provide service point for using the health care
vouchers outside Hong Kong, we are closely monitoring the implementation of the
pilot scheme, including the arrangements for voucher claims and reimbursement,
checking and auditing.A review would be conducted after the scheme has been
implemented for some time.Taking into account the experience gained and the
principle of prudent use of public money, we will explore the feasibility of
extending the EHV Scheme in the Mainland.The factors we will consider include
the quality of healthcare services, clinical governance structure,
administrative procedures, financial arrangement, operation environment and
skills of staff of the healthcare institutions and units.

(5) Since the implementation of the EHV Scheme, we have introduced various
enhancement measures to give elders greater flexibility in using private primary
care services.For example, the annual voucher amount for an eligible elder has
increased progressively from the initial sum of $250 to $2,000, and the
financial cap has been revised upward from $3,000 to $4,000.Moreover, the face
value of each voucher was changed from $50 to $1 in 2014 to make it more
convenient for the elders to use the vouchers.

As at end-March 2016, about 5 300 healthcare service providers are enrolled
under the scheme and over 610 000 elders have made use of the vouchers
(accounting for about 80% of the eligible elderly population).To attract more
elders to join the scheme and use the vouchers, the DH will continue to promote
the scheme via different channels, including announcements of public interest on
television and radio, and advertisement in public transport system.We will also
explore various methods to encourage more service providers to participate in
the scheme.

Besides, the DH is reviewing the EHV Scheme in collaboration with the Jockey
Club School of Public Health and Primary Care of the Chinese University of Hong
Kong.We will closely monitor the pattern of using the vouchers, and consider
implementing other enhancement measures as appropriate having regard to the
results of the review and the Government's overall fiscal condition.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2016 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

'Ladli Beti' scheme launched in Jammu

LENGTH: 841  words


JAMMU: Minister for Social Welfare, Forests, Ecology & Environment, Mr Bali
Baghat has asked the people to avail benefits of the welfare schemes like "Ladli
Beti" and "Aasra" launched by the present Government.

Speaking at a function organized by the Social Welfare Department to formally
launch the "Ladli Beti" scheme, the Minister said that the scheme is aimed at
providing financial assistance and social security to the girl child in the
State. He said the scheme will go a long way in curbing the heinous crime of
female feticide in the society.

Reiterating the commitment of the present coalition government headed by Chief
Minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed to work towards the empowerment of the women and
underprivileged sections of the society, Mr Bhagat said "Ladli Beti" is a
path-breaking welfare scheme and the deserving people must take full advantage
of the same.

Elaborating, the Minister said that the Ladli Beti scheme is a social assistance
scheme meant for new born girl child and is aimed at reversing the alarming
trend of declining child sex ratio.

He said the scheme will address the concerns of girl child right from the birth
to adulthood and provide financial security to them enabling to create a strong
positive disposition towards the girl child.

Under the scheme government will contribute Rs 1000 per month towards the birth
of every child born after April 1, 2015 for the next 14 years and a sum of Rs
6.50 lakh on maturity i.e on attaining the age of 21 years. Initially the scheme
is being launched in six selected districts including Jammu, Kathua, Samba,
Pulwama, Budgam and Anantnag on pilot basis.

Mr. Bali Bhagat also said that under the newly launched social security scheme
Aasra, the state government would reimburse premium for the two insurance
schemes i.e Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojna and Prime Ministers Jeevan Bhima
Yojna and families having annual income less than Rs 75000 will be covered under
both the schemes.

Stressing for proper implementation of both the schemes, the Minister exhorted
upon the field functionaries of the Social Welfare Department to work vigorously
so that the benefits of these schemes reach the deserving beneficiaries.

Highlighting some of the future projects of the social welfare department Mr.
Bhagat said that construction of Spinal Injury Hospital both at Jammu and
Srinagar is under process. He also said that soon a staff centre and women
helpline will be started in the state for providing guidance and counseling to
the women in distress.

Minister of State for Health and Social Welfare, Ms Asiea Naqash while
addressing the gathering said that alarming trend of declining child sex ratio
is a matter of great concern and such schemes will definitely help in improving
the same besides the scheme Ladli Beti will go a long way in transforming the
status of women in the society.

Minister of State for Information, Culture and Education, Mrs. Priya Sethi said
that the scheme Ladli Beti is a gift to our daughters. She also said that
government has launched various schemes for the welfare and uplift of women and
underprivileged sections of the society.

Member Parliament Jugal Kishore Sharma also spoke on the occasion.

Vice Chairman Scheduled castes Advisory Board, Mr Bhushan Lal Dogra, MLA Chammb,
Dr Krishan Lal, MLC Surinder Choudhary, Secretary Social Welfare Department,
Sanjeev Verma, DDC Jammu Simrandeep Singh, senior officers of Social Welfare
department were also present on the occasion.


A path-breaking welfare scheme: Mehbooba

JAMMU: Member Parliament Ms Mehbooba Mufti today said the launch of Ladli Beti
scheme is a historic moment for the state as it will go a long way in changing
the perception of the society towards the girl child.

Speaking at a function organized here in connection with the formal launch of
the Ladli Beti scheme in the State, Ms Mehbooba said the scheme would go a long
way in battling the areas of concern like female feticide and waning female sex
ratio. "This remarkable social security scheme is aimed at creating a strong
positive disposition towards the girl child and reverse the alarming trend of
declining child sex ratio in the State," she said and added that the scheme
addresses the concerns of girl's right from birth to adulthood by providing
financial security to them.

Pertinently, under the scheme, the state government will contribute Rs 1,000 per
month towards the birth of every girl child born after April 1, 2015 for the
next 14 years. Upon reaching the age of 21, the girl child would receive a sum
of Rs 6.5 lakh. The scheme is to be implemented on pilot basis in six districts
of the State including Jammu, Kathua, Samba, Anantnag, Budgam and Pulwama.

Ms Mehbooba said while Ladli Beti is a starting point towards the welfare of the
girl child, the responsibility to provide a conducive and protective atmosphere
to the girl child rests with the family and the society at large. "We together
need to put in concerted efforts to achieve the desired objective of securing
the future of the girl child," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Promoting good governance of community schemes

SECTION: NETWORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 613 words


The Community Schemes Ombud Service Act, 9 of 2011 was passed by Parliament in
2011. It will come into force on a date to be determined by the President once
the Regulations have been published.

The Act will potentially bring about a change in the manner in which community
schemes are managed in South Africa. Community Schemes are developments where
there is shared responsibility among the owners for parts of the land and
buildings.

They include sectional title schemes, share block schemes, home or property
owners associations, housing schemes for retirees and housing co-operatives.

The Act establishes the Community Schemes Ombud Service (CSOS) and introduces
provisions governing the management of Community Schemes.

The purpose of the Act is to provide a national dispute resolution service for
community schemes; train conciliators, adjudicators and other employees of CSOS;
take custody of, control quality of and provide public access to all sectional
title scheme governance documentation and any other such documentation
determined by the Minister.

It should also promote good governance of community schemes and monitor that
governance; provide education, information, documentation and services to raise
awareness of owners, occupiers, executive committees and others who have rights
and obligations in community schemes.

It is envisaged all foundation documents of community schemes, including rules,
will have to be lodged with CSOS.

Currently rules for sectional title schemes are filed in the Deeds Office. The
Memorandum of Incorporation for Associations that are incorporated as companies
are filed with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission. But
constitutions of Associations that are not incorporated as companies and rules
for associations and share block schemes are not required to be filed in any
publicly accessible place.

The Act prescribes various procedures for the adjudication of specific disputes,
including disputes regarding financial issues, behavioural issues, scheme
governance, meetings, management services and maintenance and improvement works.
A dispute is defined in the Act as a dispute regarding the administration of a
community scheme between persons who have a material interest in the scheme,
where one party is the association, an owner or an occupier. Any person may make
an application to the CSOS for the resolution of a dispute if they are a party
to a dispute. Legal representation will not be permitted unless the adjudicator
and all other parties to the dispute agree or the adjudicator decides it would
be unreasonable to expect the applicant to deal with the application without
legal representation.

An order by the adjudicator will have the effect of an order of either the
magistrate's court or the High Court, depending on the value of the award. The
parties may appeal the order to the High Court but only on a point of law and
they must do so within 30 days of the order being granted. The parties may also
apply for a stay of the order pending the appeal.

The CSOS will be funded partly by State funding, partly by fees charged for the
services it provides and partly by levies raised against all schemes. Every
Community Scheme will be required to pay an annual fee and submit copies of
their annual financial statements to the CSOS.

Some view the Act as a welcome regulation of the governance and management of
community schemes and the introduction of affordable dispute resolution.

Others view it as an intrusion on the private affairs of the Community Schemes.

l Westley is a Partner at Cox Yeats Attorneys and the head of the property law
team. Call him at 031 536 8500 or e-mail rwestley@coxyeats.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Compensation - card security product holders invited to vote on scheme

LENGTH: 1209  words

DATELINE: London


Financial Conduct Authority has issued the following news release:

If you bought a card security product with one of the product names listed below
from a bank, credit card issuer, or from a firm called Affinion International
Limited, you may be entitled to compensation. Find out how to vote on the way
your compensation claim will be handled.

Card Protection
    Sentinel
    Sentinel Gold
    Sentinel Protection
    Sentinel Excel
    Safe and Secure Plus

Approximately two million customers will receive a letter from AI Scheme Limited
in April and May 2015. This will invite you to vote on whether you agree with
the compensation scheme we have agreed through voluntary discussions with
Affinion International Limited (Affinion) and 11 banks and credit card issuers.

Not sure if this is relevant to you? See below our list of the banks and credit
card issuers that are participating in the compensation scheme.
What you have to do next

Eligible customers will be asked to vote on the proposed compensation scheme.
See note 3 about eligibility under "Key information for Affinion customers" at
the end of this web page.

If you are eligible to vote, you will receive the voting form and instructions
on how to vote, from AI Scheme Limited (the company set up to provide this
compensation scheme) in April and May 2015.
    We recommend that you return your voting form by post as soon as possible so
AI Scheme Limited receives it no later than 17:00 on 23 June 2015.
    You may submit your vote in person at the creditors' meeting at Central Hall
Westminster in London on 30 June 2015.  However, you are still asked to complete
and return the voting form.
    If you think you have had one of these card security products starting in
the period since January 2005, and you have not received the voting form by the
end of May 2015, contact the AI Scheme helpline on 0800 678 1930 (from outside
the UK +44 208 475 3103 but calls to this number may incur a charge).

If the required majority of eligible customers (or Scheme Creditors) vote in
favour of the compensation scheme, and it is approved by the High Court, all
Scheme Creditors will be bound to the compensation scheme and AI Scheme Limited
will write to eligible customers again in August and September 2015 to ask
whether they want to be considered for compensation.  Successful claims will be
paid from September 2015.

If you are an existing customer you may value the card security product and find
some or all of the features useful. If you make a claim (even if it is
rejected), your card security product will be automatically cancelled. So you
should think carefully about whether you want to keep the card security product
before you make a claim (if the compensation scheme is approved).

Whether you vote or not, you cannot keep your card security product if you make
a compensation claim.
How the compensation scheme will work

The total amount of compensation paid out will depend on how many Scheme
Creditors decide they wish to claim compensation and the length of time they
held the product. The average annual cost of the card security product was
£25.The following steps need to be taken before compensation is paid:

Step 1: Eligible customers are invited to vote on whether they want the
compensation scheme to go ahead. This is a legal requirement and a majority of
customers that vote, and 75% in value of those that vote, will have to vote in
favour of the scheme for the scheme to go ahead.

Step 2: If the above majority of eligible customers vote in favour of the
compensation scheme, the High Court will be asked to approve the scheme. The
Court hearing is scheduled to take place on 9 July 2015, although the timing
will be confirmed on the AI Scheme website. AI Scheme Limited has to attend the
Court hearing, but customers/claimants do not.

Step 3: If the compensation scheme is approved, in late August and September
2015 eligible customers will be sent claim forms and instructions on how to
submit their claims.

AI Scheme Limited will write to eligible customers to explain each of the steps
above and what you have to do next.

You will not have to use and/or pay a company to claim compensation on your
behalf under the scheme.
Why you may be entitled to compensation

One of the features of the card security products was insurance to cover
fraudulent use if a card was lost or stolen. This was in certain respects
unnecessary because the customer's bank or card issuer was typically responsible
for any transactions after the cards were reported as lost or stolen and, before
reporting the matter, customers were only liable for unauthorised transactions
in limited circumstances. The bank or card issuer usually covered customers for
anything over the first £50 if transactions took place before the card was
reported missing.

The compensation scheme has also been designed to deal with any other concerns
you may have with the way in which a card security product was sold to you.
Banks and credit card issuers in the scheme

The FCA has not conducted a formal investigation into this matter. Affinion and
the following high street banks and credit card issuers have voluntarily agreed
to be part of the compensation scheme and will provide the required funding for
the compensation payments:

AIB Group (UK) Plc trading as First Trust Bank in Northern Ireland and Allied
Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain
    Barclays Bank Plc
    Capital One (Europe) Plc
    Clydesdale Bank PLC
    HSBC Bank plc
    Lloyds Bank Plc
    Northern Bank Limited trading as Danske Bank
    Santander UK plc
    Tesco Personal Finance plc
    The Co-operative Bank Plc
    The Royal Bank of Scotland plc

Key information for Affinion customers

If voters approve the compensation scheme, all eligible customers, even those
who voted against it, can submit a claim for compensation. You will just need to
complete and return a simple compensation claim form and the rest of the process
will be automatic. You do not need to use a claims management company to help
make a claim.
    The compensation scheme will not cover those who have a card security
product as a benefit within a packaged bank account.
    The compensation scheme is open to all eligible customers who bought or
renewed the card security products between 14 January 2005 (when we began
regulating the sale of general insurance products) and August 2013 from Affinion
or a bank or card issuer participating in the compensation scheme.
    If you are entitled to compensation you will receive the amount you have
paid for your card security product since 14 January 2005, less any money paid
out by the card security product and any applicable taxes, plus 8% interest a
year on the amount owed.
    If you make a claim, your card security product will be cancelled - even if
your claim is rejected. So if you value the card security product and find its
current features useful, you should think carefully about whether you want to
keep it before you claim.
    You can find more information at AI Scheme's website or by calling 0800 678
1930 (or, from outside the UK, +44 208 475 3103 but calls to this number may
incur a charge).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Compensation - card security product holders invited to vote on scheme

LENGTH: 1209  words

DATELINE: London


Financial Conduct Authority has issued the following news release:

If you bought a card security product with one of the product names listed below
from a bank, credit card issuer, or from a firm called Affinion International
Limited, you may be entitled to compensation. Find out how to vote on the way
your compensation claim will be handled.

Card Protection
    Sentinel
    Sentinel Gold
    Sentinel Protection
    Sentinel Excel
    Safe and Secure Plus

Approximately two million customers will receive a letter from AI Scheme Limited
in April and May 2015. This will invite you to vote on whether you agree with
the compensation scheme we have agreed through voluntary discussions with
Affinion International Limited (Affinion) and 11 banks and credit card issuers.

Not sure if this is relevant to you? See below our list of the banks and credit
card issuers that are participating in the compensation scheme.
What you have to do next

Eligible customers will be asked to vote on the proposed compensation scheme.
See note 3 about eligibility under "Key information for Affinion customers" at
the end of this web page.

If you are eligible to vote, you will receive the voting form and instructions
on how to vote, from AI Scheme Limited (the company set up to provide this
compensation scheme) in April and May 2015.
    We recommend that you return your voting form by post as soon as possible so
AI Scheme Limited receives it no later than 17:00 on 23 June 2015.
    You may submit your vote in person at the creditors' meeting at Central Hall
Westminster in London on 30 June 2015.  However, you are still asked to complete
and return the voting form.
    If you think you have had one of these card security products starting in
the period since January 2005, and you have not received the voting form by the
end of May 2015, contact the AI Scheme helpline on 0800 678 1930 (from outside
the UK +44 208 475 3103 but calls to this number may incur a charge).

If the required majority of eligible customers (or Scheme Creditors) vote in
favour of the compensation scheme, and it is approved by the High Court, all
Scheme Creditors will be bound to the compensation scheme and AI Scheme Limited
will write to eligible customers again in August and September 2015 to ask
whether they want to be considered for compensation.  Successful claims will be
paid from September 2015.

If you are an existing customer you may value the card security product and find
some or all of the features useful. If you make a claim (even if it is
rejected), your card security product will be automatically cancelled. So you
should think carefully about whether you want to keep the card security product
before you make a claim (if the compensation scheme is approved).

Whether you vote or not, you cannot keep your card security product if you make
a compensation claim.
How the compensation scheme will work

The total amount of compensation paid out will depend on how many Scheme
Creditors decide they wish to claim compensation and the length of time they
held the product. The average annual cost of the card security product was
£25.The following steps need to be taken before compensation is paid:

Step 1: Eligible customers are invited to vote on whether they want the
compensation scheme to go ahead. This is a legal requirement and a majority of
customers that vote, and 75% in value of those that vote, will have to vote in
favour of the scheme for the scheme to go ahead.

Step 2: If the above majority of eligible customers vote in favour of the
compensation scheme, the High Court will be asked to approve the scheme. The
Court hearing is scheduled to take place on 9 July 2015, although the timing
will be confirmed on the AI Scheme website. AI Scheme Limited has to attend the
Court hearing, but customers/claimants do not.

Step 3: If the compensation scheme is approved, in late August and September
2015 eligible customers will be sent claim forms and instructions on how to
submit their claims.

AI Scheme Limited will write to eligible customers to explain each of the steps
above and what you have to do next.

You will not have to use and/or pay a company to claim compensation on your
behalf under the scheme.
Why you may be entitled to compensation

One of the features of the card security products was insurance to cover
fraudulent use if a card was lost or stolen. This was in certain respects
unnecessary because the customer's bank or card issuer was typically responsible
for any transactions after the cards were reported as lost or stolen and, before
reporting the matter, customers were only liable for unauthorised transactions
in limited circumstances. The bank or card issuer usually covered customers for
anything over the first £50 if transactions took place before the card was
reported missing.

The compensation scheme has also been designed to deal with any other concerns
you may have with the way in which a card security product was sold to you.
Banks and credit card issuers in the scheme

The FCA has not conducted a formal investigation into this matter. Affinion and
the following high street banks and credit card issuers have voluntarily agreed
to be part of the compensation scheme and will provide the required funding for
the compensation payments:

AIB Group (UK) Plc trading as First Trust Bank in Northern Ireland and Allied
Irish Bank (GB) in Great Britain
    Barclays Bank Plc
    Capital One (Europe) Plc
    Clydesdale Bank PLC
    HSBC Bank plc
    Lloyds Bank Plc
    Northern Bank Limited trading as Danske Bank
    Santander UK plc
    Tesco Personal Finance plc
    The Co-operative Bank Plc
    The Royal Bank of Scotland plc

Key information for Affinion customers

If voters approve the compensation scheme, all eligible customers, even those
who voted against it, can submit a claim for compensation. You will just need to
complete and return a simple compensation claim form and the rest of the process
will be automatic. You do not need to use a claims management company to help
make a claim.
    The compensation scheme will not cover those who have a card security
product as a benefit within a packaged bank account.
    The compensation scheme is open to all eligible customers who bought or
renewed the card security products between 14 January 2005 (when we began
regulating the sale of general insurance products) and August 2013 from Affinion
or a bank or card issuer participating in the compensation scheme.
    If you are entitled to compensation you will receive the amount you have
paid for your card security product since 14 January 2005, less any money paid
out by the card security product and any applicable taxes, plus 8% interest a
year on the amount owed.
    If you make a claim, your card security product will be cancelled - even if
your claim is rejected. So if you value the card security product and find its
current features useful, you should think carefully about whether you want to
keep it before you claim.
    You can find more information at AI Scheme's website or by calling 0800 678
1930 (or, from outside the UK, +44 208 475 3103 but calls to this number may
incur a charge).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    December 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Interim Scheme to Extend Home Ownership Scheme Secondary Market to White Form
Buyers

LENGTH: 1161  words


Dec. 10 -- Hong Kong SAR Government released the following statement:

Following is a question by the Hon Tony Tse Wai-chuen and a written reply by the
Secretary for Transport and Housing, Professor Anthony Cheung Bing-leung, in the
Legislative Council today (December 10):

Question:

In 2013, the Government introduced the "Interim Scheme to Extend the Home
Ownership Scheme Secondary Market to White Form Buyers" (the Interim Scheme)
with a quota of 5 000 for persons meeting the eligibility criteria for the Home
Ownership Scheme (HOS) White Form applicants to purchase HOS flats on the HOS
Secondary Market (second-hand HOS flats) without payment of land premium. The
Government announced on the 24th of last month that a new round of the Interim
Scheme will be implemented in the middle of next year with a quota of 2 500. In
this connection, will the Government inform this Council:

(1) of the number of buyers who purchased second-hand HOS flats under the first
round of the Interim Scheme as at the end of last month, with a breakdown by the
age group to which they belonged, quota category, type of flats purchased and
district where the flat was located, set out in the table below;

Total number of buyers

Age              30 or below

31-40

41-50

51-60

Above 60

Quota category   Singleton

Family

Type of flat     One-bedroom

Two-bedroom

Three-bedroom

or larger

District         Hong Kong

Island

Kowloon

New

Territories

(2) whether it has followed up and studied the housing situation of HOS flat
owners after they sold their properties to Interim Scheme buyers; if it has, of
the details; if not, the reasons for that, and whether it will follow it up in
future;

(3) whether it has set a target number of second-hand HOS flats to be purchased
under the second round of the Interim Scheme; if so, of the details and the
criteria based on which such target was set; if not, the reasons for that; and

(4) as the authorities have indicated that they will conduct a review on the
effectiveness of the Interim Scheme, of the earliest time for the review to
commence as well as its scope, contents and timetable; whether they will make
public the outcome of the review and what follow-up actions they will take; if
they will not, the reasons for that?

Reply:

President,

The Home Ownership Scheme (HOS) Secondary Market Scheme was introduced in 1997
to allow owners of subsidised sale flats to sell their flats, without payment of
premium, to households with Green Form (GF) status (note 1).  To address the
home ownership aspirations of White Form (WF) applicants (note 2) and to
implement the Chief Executive's election manifesto, the Hong Kong Housing
Authority (HA) introduced the Interim Scheme to Extend the Home Ownership Scheme
Secondary Market to White Form Buyers (Interim Scheme) in January 2013 to allow
5 000 WF applicants to purchase flats without premium paid in the HOS Secondary
Market. The Interim Scheme provided WF applicants with an additional channel
previously not available to them to have the opportunity to purchase subsidised
sale flats before newly built HOS flats are released onto the market. The
Interim Scheme is temporary in nature. Its future, including whether it will be
implemented on a recurrent basis, will be decided upon completion of a
comprehensive review.

My reply to the four parts of the question raised by the Hon Tony Tse Wai-chuen
is as follows -

(1) As at end September 2014, 2 165 Letters of Nomination were issued by the HA
and the Hong Kong Housing Society under the Interim Scheme, of which 2 161
applicants eventually completed transactions.  Among the applicants who have
completed the transactions, 218 were one-person applicants while 1 943 were
family buyers. We do not have information on the breakdown on buyers under the
Interim Scheme by their ages, flat types and districts where the flats are
located.

(2) According to the current arrangement, flat owners who sold their flats in
the HOS Secondary Market are not required to inform the HA of the reasons for
selling their flats or their housing arrangement after selling their flats.
Therefore, the HA does not have the relevant information.  The HA currently has
no plan to conduct such a research.

(3) and (4) As at end September 2014, about 2 200 applicants with WF status had
achieved home ownership under the Interim Scheme. Without the Interim Scheme,
these households might have difficulty purchasing flats in the private housing
market.  Purchasing a flat is an important decision.  Prospective buyers should
exercise caution and should assess their affordability in making such a
decision. This applies to purchasing a flat in both the private housing market
and the market of subsidised sale flats. Whether WF applicants issued with
quotas under the Interim Scheme can successfully purchase flats in the HOS
Secondary Market depend on many factors, including whether they can find
suitable flats of their choice and whether they consider the prices reasonable.
The Interim Scheme aims at providing WF applicants with home ownership
aspirations an additional channel to purchase subsidised sale flats. Its
effectiveness should not be judged solely by the number of transactions
completed.

The HA's Subsidised Housing Committee (SHC) conducted an initial assessment on
the implementation of the Interim Scheme on November 24, 2014, the outcome of
which has been uploaded onto the HA's website. In summary, while the Interim
Scheme is effective to a certain extent, with the experience of only one round
of the Interim Scheme and with about half of the quotas utilised by eligible
persons, the SHC considered that more information is required to review the full
and exact impact of the Interim Scheme on property prices to enable it to decide
whether or not to retain the Interim Scheme.  Given the strong demand for
subsidised sale flats (especially from WF applicants) nowadays, the SHC
considered it more prudent to release one more round of the Interim Scheme with
2 500 quota in the second half of 2015 to further test out the effect of the
Interim Scheme.  This can respond to WF applicants' home ownership aspirations
on the one hand, and by reducing the quota to 2 500, address the concern on
possible impact of the Scheme on flat prices on the other.  A comprehensive
review will be conducted thereafter to decide on the future of the Interim
Scheme.  Upon completion of the comprehensive review, the Government will report
the outcome of the review to the Legislative Council Panel on Housing.

Notes:

1. Those eligible for GF status include Public Rental Housing (PRH) tenants and
PRH applicants who have passed the detailed eligibility vetting and are due for
flat allocation in about a year's time.

2. WF applicants refer to households who do not satisfy the requirement for GF
status but meet the eligibility criteria of subsidised sale flats set by the HA.
Such eligibility criteria include residence rule, income and asset limits.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2014 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

347 housing schemes in Lahore Division are illegal

LENGTH: 540  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has informed that a total of 347 private
housing schemes situated in the districts of Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana Sahib
and Kasur of Lahore Division were illegal, including 98 situated in the
provincial metropolis. Prospective buyers of plots in private housing schemes/
land subdivisions have been advised not to purchase property in any of these
schemes, until the scheme/ land subdivision has been approved by the LDA. They
had also been advised to get information about the legality of the scheme from
LDA.

In Lahore, as many as 69 illegal schemes were located in the jurisdiction of TMA
Nishtar Town, 14 were in Wagha Town,10 in Iqbal Town while five were in Aziz
Bhatti Town.

The 69 schemes in Nishtar Town were Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town,
Badar Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani ParkI, Gillani
ParkII, Green Cap H/S,Iqbal Park, AlMadina Town H/S ,GulshaneAmin, Haji Amanat
Ali Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, KoheNoor H/S, Malik Park, Mian
Qasim Estate, Sadaat Colony, Waheed Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali
Shah, Heaven Homes, Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime
Homes), Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park, Nasir
Colony ,Park View Villas, SubDivision adjacent to T&amp;T H/S, Villas Adjacent
to Abpara H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing
Scheme, 1384 K Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park
Housing Scheme, AlRehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony, Elite Town,
Gulberg Park Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir EstateII Housing
Scheme, Madina View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme, Akhtarabad
H/S, AlHaram Gardens ,Aziz Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town,  Faisal Town Ph.II,
Gulberg Park, Indus Estate ,Lahore Garden, New GulshaneLahore, Olympic Village ,
Roshan Town , Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina
Avenue, Nazir Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Wahga Town were Shareef Park, Hakim Town,
Jeeva Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, AlMadina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam
Garden, Tufail Garden,Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme
Phase I, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden
Phase III. The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town were Abdullah Town,Amna Park,
Hafiz Town, Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town,
Rana Town, Doctor Society andSub Division adjacent to Sultan Town. The names of
five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town were Hajeri, Mian Aziz Garden, Paragon
City/ Emperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

Lahore Development Authority has informed that under the LDA Act 1975, except
LDA, no other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/ Tehsil Municipal
Administration or any local body or any other Government Agency was authorized
to approve any private housing scheme/ land subdivisions in Lahore Division
after 19.09.2013.

Any approval granted by any other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/
Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body or any other Government Agency
in Lahore Division, after 19.09.2013, was not valid and lawful.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab government approves 103 uplift schemes in six months

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPOERT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 360

LENGTH: 191  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013. According to the report
issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an amount of Rs 53885.715 million for
38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882 million for five schemes of the energy
sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of the health sector were among the
main schemes approved during the period.

An amount of Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of district program sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of consultancy sector were also include in the 103 schemes. Approval of
Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of education sector, Rs 210.987 million for
schemes of TEVTA sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of planning and
development sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of literacy sector, Rs
1428.311 million for schemes of IT sector were also included. An amount of Rs
1773.108 million for schemes of youth affairs, Rs 13475.929 million for schemes
of urban development and Rs 3.383 million for schemes of archaeology sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab government approves 103 uplift schemes in six months

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPOERT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 360

LENGTH: 191  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013. According to the report
issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an amount of Rs 53885.715 million for
38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882 million for five schemes of the energy
sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of the health sector were among the
main schemes approved during the period.

An amount of Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of district program sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of consultancy sector were also include in the 103 schemes. Approval of
Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of education sector, Rs 210.987 million for
schemes of TEVTA sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of planning and
development sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of literacy sector, Rs
1428.311 million for schemes of IT sector were also included. An amount of Rs
1773.108 million for schemes of youth affairs, Rs 13475.929 million for schemes
of urban development and Rs 3.383 million for schemes of archaeology sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Punjab government approves 103 uplift schemes in six months

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPOERT

SECTION: Vol. L No. 01

LENGTH: 191  words


The Punjab government approved 103 development schemes at an estimated cost of
Rs 163876.727 million from July 1 to December 31, 2013. According to the report
issued by the P&D Department on Tuesday, an amount of Rs 53885.715 million for
38 schemes of the road sector, Rs 245.882 million for five schemes of the energy
sector, Rs 9026.755 million for 13 schemes of the health sector were among the
main schemes approved during the period.

An amount of Rs 5501.858 million for two schemes of district program sector, Rs
51357.889 million for 11 schemes of irrigation sector, Rs 4.500 million for
scheme of consultancy sector were also include in the 103 schemes. Approval of
Rs 4745.165 million for four schemes of education sector, Rs 210.987 million for
schemes of TEVTA sector, Rs 507.468 million for two schemes of planning and
development sector, Rs 2827.950 million for three schemes of literacy sector, Rs
1428.311 million for schemes of IT sector were also included. An amount of Rs
1773.108 million for schemes of youth affairs, Rs 13475.929 million for schemes
of urban development and Rs 3.383 million for schemes of archaeology sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                               February 18, 2013

My Say: Whither interest schemes?

BYLINE: M Shanmugam

LENGTH: 771 words


The vigour with which the Companies Commission of Malaysia (CCM) has come down
on Suara Rakyat Malaysia (Suaram) pales in comparison to the efforts taken by
the commission in ensuring shareholder rights in interest schemes are well
protected.

In the case of Suaram, the CCM and even the minister overseeing the commission,
Datuk Seri Ismail Sabri Yaakob, came out strongly with allegations that the
human rights non-government organisation (NGO) was not keeping its books in
order.

But as the events that have unfolded in the past three weeks have shown, the CCM
has a much bigger responsibility. It has under its watch 188 interest schemes
that are allowed to raise as much as RM15.7 billion from investors.

The recent controversial termination of Country Heights Growers Scheme (CHGS)
has laid bare the weakness in the existing legislation to protect investors in
schemes that are not well-managed by the management companies.

The CHGS episode has revealed that the possible fallout from such interest
schemes, in time to come, would have a far more devastating effect than the
operations of Suaram if nothing is done immediately to rectify the present
shortcomings.

Interest schemes generally revolve around a company that pools investments from
the public in exchange for an interest in a particular scheme. For instance, in
a growers scheme, investors are exposed to the plantation sector.

There are many kinds of such schemes, ranging from fish-rearing and recreational
clubs to birdâ  s nest operations.

Investors technically do not have a claim on the underlying asset until the
scheme matures, which normally is some 20 years after they have invested.
Investors also cannot change the management company if the scheme is not well
managed.

Whatâ  s worse is that their investments are illiquid, meaning that there is no
active secondary market.

Trustees are appointed to ensure the funds collected are accounted for and
channelled towards the scheme, but they are not liable if the scheme is not well
managed. In such a case, the trustees and CCM also cannot step in and take
control of the assets.

CCMâ  s enforcement team is supposed to inspect the schemes annually. In the
case of CHGS, CCM says it made routine visits to the plantations but admits it
does not have the expertise to determine if the scheme was well managed.

The only means investors have to keep track of their investment is through the
schemeâ  s prospectus that is updated every six months.

There is no denying that there are serious flaws in these interest schemes.

The CCM is working on rectifying the situation by proposing new laws that would
empower the trustees to step in when the schemes are not well managed.

Work is also in progress to beef up the enforcement aspect.

The current framework governing these interest schemes is appalling. The
investors number in the thousands and the promoters can raise up to an
astronomical RM15.7 billion from them.

It is an investment programme that has morphed over the years and is far bigger
than Suaram. It certainly warrants far more attention than the NGO.

While investors can take note of CCMâ  s admission of its shortcomings, the
question that arises is why such schemes are allowed when there is no proper
enforcement or legislation in place.

Even while the CHGS fiasco has yet to settle down, another growers interest
scheme is in the works. Whether it gets the required number of investors is
something that is left to be seen.

But itâ  s rather perplexing to note that over the years, many people with
excess liquidity have put their money into interest schemes.

This merely underlines the fact that there are more not-so-astute investors than
the smart ones.

The seasoned investors tend not to put their money into interest schemes as they
are illiquid and tie up capital for a long time.

Their choice would generally be investment schemes that provide easy entry and
exit avenues, which are easy to understand, and are run by companies with strong
management. More importantly, the management must have a sound track record of
growing the business and at the same time, returning some profit back to
shareholders.

The latest turn of events in relation to interest schemes such as CHGS suggests
that investors are better off putting their money in more liquid investments.

For instance, if they want exposure to the plantation sector, they can opt for a
well-managed listed plantation company with a track record of giving out steady
dividends.

Do the math and one will find that the returns over the years will be higher
compared to what interest schemes offer.

M Shanmugam is managing editor at The Edge Malaysia

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday

Punjab govt release half-yearly development report

BYLINE:  Our Correspondent

LENGTH: 326  words


The Punjab government approved funds for various development projects to the
tune of Rs151.53 billion for various sectors of the economy during the last six
months of the current fiscal year, against the total development budget of Rs210
billion.

According to a half-yearly report, issued by the Punjab Planning and Development
Department here on Monday, the net size of the Annual Development Programme
(ADP) 2012-13 is Rs210 billion, out of which a sum of Rs151.53 billion has been
approved for 134 development schemes in 21 development sectors of the economy.

According to the details, the provincial development forum approved funds
amounting to Rs1.51 billion on youth affairs, Rs290.50 million on information
and culture, Rs10.07 billion for six schemes in the education sector, Rs3.04
billion for two schemes in the literacy sector and Rs19.50 billion for eleven
schemes in the health sector.

Rs2.65 billion was earmarked for four schemes in the agriculture sector, Rs92.37
billion was allocated to one scheme in the mines and minerals sector, while
Rs620.85 million was earmarked for four schemes in the archaeology sector.
Rs1.69 billion was given to three special infrastructure schemes, Rs42.14
billion to 49 road projects, Rs42.73 billion were allocated for 14 transport
schemes,. Rs12.53 billion was given to 11 irrigation schemes, Rs2.90 billion to
two energy schemes, 6.52 billion to eight public buildings schemes and Rs1.54
billion to six urban development schemes.

A sum of Rs460.53 million was allocated to one district programme, Rs1.59
billion to three regional planning schemes, Rs567.48 million to three planning
and development schemes and Rs1.08 billion to two schemes in the Auqaf sector.

One scheme for drought emergency relief assistance received Rs2.33 million, and
one consultancy scheme was also allocated Rs1.20 million in the Provincial
Development Working Party meetings conducted by the Punjab Planning and
Development Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 06, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Some of the challenges facing medical schemes

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 366 words


u Increases in the cost of healthcare services. Each year, the cost of
healthcare services increases, because providers raise their rates, more people
access healthcare services and newer, usually more expensive, medical technology
is introduced.

This year the lack of guideline tariffs (see "Scheme payment rates will differ
widely" on page 2) and the proposed increases in the dispensing fees for
pharmacists are likely to increase schemes' operating costs.

u Increase in the age of members. If schemes do not continually attract younger,
healthier members to subsidise the cost of the older, sicker members, the cost
of claims will increase each year.

Some schemes strive to attract younger, healthier members, and this has enabled
them to keep their contribution increases lower, but younger, healthier members
often opt not to belong to a scheme.

There have been proposals to make medical scheme membership mandatory for all
employees, because this would increase the number of young, healthy members and
reduce the costs for all medical scheme members.

However, the government's focus has now turned to introducing a National Health
Insurance system, which the African National Congress estimates will take 14
years to implement.

Some schemes have also been negatively affected by the Government Employees
Medical Scheme (Gems), which opened in 2006. The government has been
incentivising its employees who belong to other medical schemes to move to Gems
by giving a higher subsidy to members on Gems than to those on other medical
schemes.

The Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2009/10 says the loss of
members to Gems has had a negative effect on some open schemes' claiming
patterns, because the members who left those open schemes to join Gems tended to
be young and healthy.

u Prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs). These are benefits that schemes must by
law pay for. Earlier this year, a task team on the PMBs was set up. In the task
team, the Council for Medical Schemes, medical schemes, healthcare providers and
patient rights groups are working on clarifying how the PMBs are defined. The
outcome of this process could result in schemes becoming liable for more
healthcare costs.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

Is This Scheme Still Relevant?

LENGTH: 1532  words

DATELINE: Lagos


The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme turned 37 last May and the
anniversary provided another opportunity to look at the relevance of a scheme
that still evokes a lot of passion. Ebere Nwiro presents the debate

Since its establishment on the 22nd of May 1973, the NYSC has achieved so much
that there is truly every reason to celebrate the scheme. Indeed, the scheme is
today celebrated as one of the principal instrumentalities in nation building
and development. Established by the then military regime of General Yakubu Gowon
as a bridge-building scheme, the NYSC has truly come of age.

But, like every organisation with its kind of history, the National Youth
Service Corps scheme has seen its own share of problems. Some of these problems
could be traced to the initial speedy and hasty implementation of the scheme and
the inevitable products of the economic disintegration.

Investigations reveal that one of the problems faced by the scheme is the
under-utilisation or non-utilisation of corps members in their primary duty
stations. This has been a recurrent problem. In many establishments, corps
members are reduced to mere clerks and office assistants, not trusted with the
real duties for which they have been posted and therefore unable to contribute
meaningfully to national development.

In other cases, the corps members are assigned tasks which are either far below
their qualifications or are totally irrelevant to their training. The end result
is that corps members are unable to acquire the experience which was supposed to
form a main component of their service year.

Another major problem is the way the Community Development Services programme of
the scheme are organised. This programme, though proven to be one of the most
successful aspects of the scheme, has also had its share of problems. The
absence of logistic aids, the inadequacy of field supervision, the uncooperative
attitude of some communities, and the lack of the needed continuity in some
states and local governments lead to a lot of problems.

When the scheme started in 1973, there were twelve states in the country, with
only six universities and a total graduating population of less than 2,500 per
academic year. The situation is vastly different today. Over the past 37 years
since the inception of NYSC, the country has been divided into 36 states, plus
the Federal Capital Territory. In addition, the number of accredited corps
producing institutions has risen to 162. And, these institutions churn out a
combined average of 100,000 graduates on yearly basis.

This is another major problem that is being faced by the organisers of the NYSC
scheme. The most unbearable has been its limited facilities, skills and other
resources that have been stretched to breaking point. The formidable problems of
organisation, coordination and management have been severely compounded by the
now grievous under funding of the scheme to the extent that many states yet lack
permanent orientation camps.

The service year also comes with its own challenges. Issues like exemption,
clearance, loss of call up letters, loss of certificate of National Service,
loss of academic credential are sometimes encountered.

The payment of monthly allowances is also one problem that needs to be tackled
by the organisers of the scheme. Some corps members complain that their
allowances are held back for one reason or the other for as long as five to
seven months. When needed the most, they don't get it. Iffy Nnkoye, a batch B
corps member that has just ended her service year, says, "I was not paid for
over seven months; it was hell. I got my first allawee eight months after I
started my service; I had to keep on writing applications to the State
Coordinator for my money to be paid to me. It wasn't easy".

But the scheme also has its up sides. As the former Vice President of Nigeria,
Admiral Augustus Aikhomu said in 1990, "The scheme has enhanced the
socio-economic development of our country, especially in the area of
agriculture, education, healthcare delivery, legal services, science and
technology, administration and other social services."

The scheme has actually made available, job opportunities for the Nigerian
youth. Some corps members who served in various organisations were retained
after their service year. In a country where securing a job is not an easy task,
the scheme has made employment easy to some extent. Fresh graduates, during
their service year in various organisations, are given the opportunity to
demonstrate their various skills.

Even with such monumental achievements to show for its existence, some Nigerians
still call out for the abolishment of the NYSC scheme. Surprisingly, those who
call for the scrapping of the scheme maintain that Nigeria is not still united
after 37 years of the scheme. They also maintain that many corps members now
roam the streets in search of where to serve and that many graduates of the
scheme do not readily get jobs after service.

It is common knowledge that the scheme was established in 1973 was as part of
efforts to promote national unity after the civil war. It was also to help
remove the attendant burden of under development, poverty, ignorance and
socio-economic problems typical of most developing countries. Since these issues
continue to plague us as a developing nation, supporters of the scheme argue
that the NYSC scheme remains very important.

Supporters of the scheme also point to the fact that the situation that brought
about the enabling decree in 1973 still persists. The growing insecurity and
increasing poverty line is alarming; the rate of ignorance in socio-cultural
behaviour has not abated; the national awareness on consistency seems low, and
work ethics even among the young have not improved. These social issues bother
every developing country and as long as these continue, supporters argue, then
the NYSC remains relevant.

They maintain that the NYSC scheme is relevant because it motivates the young
ones to be active participants in movements for pro-social actions and political
change. Professor Adebayo Adedeji, the first chairman of the scheme once noted
that, "One Head of State after the other has passed the NYSC baton unto his
successor-in-office. And there have been seven of them since Gen. Yakubu Gowon
launched the programme in 1973.

"In a period particularly characterised by discontinuity, the NYSC has been an
oasis of continuity, consistently enjoying high profile support in the corridors
of power. All the governments have been generous in their support which shows
that there must be something basically good, basically ennobling about the NYSC
that has captured the imagination of succeeding governments as to make them
continue to support it".

So, as far as those who support the scheme are concerned, in many ways, the NYSC
has been a triumph of optimism, vision, diligence and the realisation of a big
dream. The scheme has achieved so much in its 37 years of existence to justify
the faith and confidence of its founding fathers and the expenditure incurred in
running it since its inception.

The initial scepticism, and protests against the scheme have actually given way
to optimism, while commendation for the scheme has replaced condemnation.
Although a few problems have militated against its operation over the years,
there is no gain saying the fact that the NYSC has really become a symbol of
national unity, integration and rapid economic development in a country as
culturally, ethnically and linguistically diverse as Nigeria.

Speaking during a public lecture organised in Abuja some years back to mark the
Silver Jubilee of the scheme, Professor Adebayo Adedeji said: "In spite of all
the odds, the NYSC scheme has not only remained intact, but has also prospered
and expanded considerably". And, in the words of Dr. Lanrele VI Bamidele of the
Department of Theatre Arts, University of lbadan, "There is no aspect of the
Nigerian social, cultural and economic life that the NYSC has not touched or has
not contributed meaningfully to. It has become a household name in the
educational sector that one can say that if it is for this sector alone, the
NYSC shall continue to be relevant for as long as the resources could maintain
it."

Major General Hafiz Momoh, the sixth Director General of the NYSC, believes that
the scheme has impacted positively on various aspects of our national life. "The
NYSC has come to be acclaimed as one of the most effective and successful
instruments in our continuing efforts at achieving a humane and egalitarian
society, based on mutual understanding, trust, tolerance and a common vision of
our national destiny".

The National Youth Service Corps scheme is probably the best and greatest legacy
given to Nigeria by the military administration of General Yakuku Gowon. It is
indeed ironic that, while the scope and responsibilities of the scheme have
grown tremendously since its inception, its allocation as a percentage of
federal and state budgets has drastically gone down. The states have been
particularly guilty in this regard, as many of them choose to see the NYSC as a
federal initiative, which the federal government must fully provide for.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday

What happens when your employer goes bust;
Most people keep the majority of their savings in company pension funds and many
are worried about how the global financial crisis may affect them. Fortunately,
there is a system in place to protect them. Partha Dasgupta, chief executive of
the Pension Protection Fund (PPF), reveals how it works

BYLINE: Partha Dasgupta

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; STATUTORY PROTECTION FOR COMPANY PENSION FUNDS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 896  words


Why was the PPF set up?

ESTABLISHED with the Pensions Act 2004, the PPF opened in April 2005 and is run
by an independent board.

We pay compensation to members of eligible defined benefit - also known as final
salary - pension schemes whose employer has gone bust - and there are not enough
assets in the scheme to buy benefits at PPF levels of compensation or above.

Which pension schemes are protected?

PENSION schemes that are protected by the PPF are certain defined benefit
pension schemes, providing they were not being wound-up immediately before April
5, 2005. There are about 7,800 schemes throughout the UK.

Not all defined benefit pension schemes are protected by the PPF. Our website
provides detailed guidance on which are eligible for the PPF and what schemes
are not eligible.

How much compensation does

the PPF pay?

IT DEPENDS on the circumstances of each claimant. Pension scheme members who
have reached their scheme's normal pension age will generally receive 100pc
compensation for what they should have received at the time their employer went
bust.

We also pay 100pc compensation to those who have retired on legitimate

ill-health grounds, regardless of age, and those receiving compensation in
relation to someone who has died at the time the employer went bust. These
payments are not subject to a cap.

Compensation payments will then rise in line with inflation, subject to a
maximum of 2.5pc per year. But this will only relate to pensionable service
dating from April 5, 1997. Payments relating to any pensionable service before
that date will not increase. Those members still to retire will receive up to
90pc compensation on reaching retirement age.

Members who have retired but not yet reached the normal pension age of their
scheme will also receive up to 90pc compensation.

Until they reach their scheme's retirement age, compensation will rise each year
in line with inflation, up to a maximum of 5pc per year. This compensation is
subject to an overall cap which is recalculated each year. Between April 2008
and March 2009, the cap at the age of 65 equates to  pounds 27,770 (once account
was taken of the 90pc level).

What happens during the assessment period?

WHEN the employer of an eligible scheme goes bust, it enters the PPF assessment
period, where we look to establish if a scheme is eligible for PPF compensation.

The PPF monitors trustees to ensure they take their scheme through the
assessment and enable it to potentially transfer to the PPF successfully.

The assessment process is very much like a commercial "wind-up''.

While assessment takes place, trustees remain in day-to-day control of the
pension scheme and payments.

The PPF takes over responsibility for payments only when assessment is complete
- and if the scheme can't afford to buy benefits that are more than the PPF
would pay.

We can direct trustees in areas such as investment of scheme assets.

When would a scheme be taken over by the PPF?

WHEN the sponsoring employers of an eligible pension scheme goes bust, the
pension scheme will usually enter the PPF assessment period.

A scheme will only transfer into the PPF if it does not have enough assets to
pay PPF levels of compensation.

The scheme will withdraw from the PPF assessment process if the scheme is
rescued, that is a new employer takes on responsibility for the scheme, or it
has enough assets to buy benefits with an insurance company which are at least
at PPF levels of compensation.

How is the PPF funded?

WE ARE not funded by Government but we take on assets of schemes that transfer
to us and collect what we can from insolvent employers.

Other sources are returns on our own investments

and we collect a compulsory levy.

HOW THE PPF WORKS IN PRACTICE

Danish Akhtar is 60 and in 2005 took early retirement from his employer after 35
years of service. His pension was about  pounds 75,000 a year before his
employer went bust in April 2007. The PPF became involved - before he reached
the scheme's normal pension age of 65. It will pay Danish 90pc of benefits,
capped at a specific level.

The compensation cap for the year between April 2007 and March 2008 is  pounds
27, 105.01 at the age of 60. The cap is adjusted according to age when
compensation payments begin. Despite the higher amount of pension he's built up,
his annual compensation payments from the PPF will be  pounds 24,395 a year,
reflecting 33pc of his pension - that is 90pc of the  pounds 27, 105.01 cap.

Compensation relating to his service after April 5, 1997, will only increase in
line with inflation, subject to the 2.5pc annual maximum. Compensation relating
to service before April 5, 1997, will not increase.

Lisa Berry joined her pension scheme when she started working for her employer
in 1996 at the age of 35. She is now 46 and her pensionable salary was  pounds
23,000 a year when her employer went bust.

The company collapsed in 2007, leaving the scheme without enough money to meet
all its obligations. The compensation she'll receive from the PPF is based on
the deferred pension she would have received had she left the company at the age
of 46, when the company went bust. This is a total of  pounds 3,795 a year,
taking into account the 90pc compensation

Lisa's deferred pension will increase broadly in line with inflation until she
reaches the scheme's normal pension age of 60, when compensation payments will
begin, subject to a cap.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

Pyramid schemes come back to bite the unwary

BYLINE: ETHEL HAZELHURST

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 479 words


Johannesburg - Pyramid schemes, which are illegal in South Africa, are returning
in a more sophisticated form, according to banking registrar Errol Kruger.

He said yesterday that the Reserve Bank's department of banking supervision had
investigated about 40 unregistered businesses or investment schemes.

In the 1990s and early 2000s, pyramid schemes operated as simple money chains,
in which new members sent money to the person who enrolled them and went on to
enrol more members.

Unlike pyramid marketing schemes, money pyramids offer no product or service,
and returns depend entirely on expanding the chain.

As the schemes proliferated, the market shrank and latecomers were unable to
recoup their investment, let alone make a profit. Then, for a while, the schemes
faded from the scene.

Kruger said the schemes, which may have had up to 1 000 members, were now more
complex.

The department's annual report for last year says: "They offer exorbitant
returns on investment, luring depositors on a large scale. In recent cases, it
has been found that the managers often fraudulently justify the exorbitant
returns by stating that funds taken from the public will be invested in
lucrative property developments."

To begin with, the schemes go undetected because members believe they will
benefit. But when a scheme runs its course, those at the losing end turn to the
authorities. Once the schemes have been identified, the Reserve Bank moves to
close them. "It takes two to three months to investigate, but we believe we are
closing them as fast as they come in," said Kruger.

The bank has moved to have legislation amended to allow it to appoint one of the
liquidators when the schemes are dissolved. This is to avoid the appointment of
"friendly liquidators" who siphon the estate to the wrongdoers.

The department is worried about the uninformed people who lose their hard-earned
money or life savings through such schemes. But the report points out that the
schemes continue because of "greedy investors who are fully aware of the risks
but are making a healthy profit by withdrawing from the scheme at an early
stage, at the cost of investors who join later".

The schemes, which amount to an underground banking system, can compete unfairly
with the regulated banking system, which bears the cost of compliance. And the
schemes harmed the economy as a whole, Kruger said.

Also known as Ponzi schemes, they can have far-reaching consequences. The
International Monetary Fund reported that two-thirds of Albania's population was
invested in them in 1996 and 1997. "When the schemes collapsed, there was
uncontained rioting, the government fell, and the country descended into anarchy
and a near civil war, in which about 2 000 people were killed."

Ironically, when the government steps in early to halt the schemes, members are
enraged and consider themselves cheated of their due.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 26, 2007 Saturday
                                   e2 Edition

Omnihealth members a step closer to regaining their savings

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 593 words


The liquidators of Omnihealth Medical Scheme are writing out cheques to pay out
the scheme's former members about R28 million that they had in their medical
savings accounts when the scheme was liquidated in November 2005.

But there may still be delays in getting the money to all the former members,
because many have moved on from the scheme to which they were transferred.

Tshwane Trust Company, the liquidators of Omnihealth, has been forced to pay out
the savings account money following a Supreme Court of Appeal decision denying
it permission to appeal against a High Court order that compels it to pay the
money to the members or to KwaZulu-Natal Medical Aid Scheme, the scheme to which
they were transferred.

Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, obtained the Witwatersrand
High Court order in January this year.

The High Court found that funds in Omnihealth members' medical savings accounts
constituted trust property and should be returned to the members or paid to
KwaZulu-Natal Medical Aid Scheme.

Tshwane Trust had wanted to include the medical savings account money in
Omnihealth's estate and to distribute it among all the creditors of the scheme.

Izak Boshoff, the estates manager of Tshwane Trust, earlier told Personal
Finance that the liquidators believed that since the medical savings account
funds were not kept or invested separately from the scheme's other funds, that
these funds were indeed assets of the scheme.

Boshoff said if the liquidators paid the R28 million to former members who had
credit balances in their medical savings accounts, the dividends that would be
paid to the scheme's other creditors (trade creditors and the members) would be
substantially reduced.

To protect the interest of all the creditors of the scheme, the liquidators
attempted to appeal the judgment, he said.

However, the High Court denied Tshwane Trust leave to appeal and now its
petition to the Appeal Court for leave to appeal against the ruling has also
failed.

So far, no payments have been made to the former members of the scheme or its
other creditors. But this week, Tshwane Trust was writing to the former members
of the scheme to inform them that the savings account money would be paid out in
line with the court order.

In terms of the High Court order, if former Omnihealth members were transferred
to KwaZulu-Natal Medical Aid Scheme on October 31, 2005, their savings account
balances will be paid to that scheme. In the case of former Omnihealth members
who resigned from the scheme before October 31, 2005, the liquidators must pay
their savings account balances directly to them.

Vuyelwa Dlwati-Mahlangu, the principal officer of KwaZulu-Natal Medical Aid
Scheme, says the scheme is pleased that the matter has been settled, because
since it took on the about 8 800 Omnihealth members it has been under enormous
pressure to answer their queries about their outstanding savings balances.

But, she says, the matter is still complicated as some 5 000 former Omnihealth
members have subsequently left KwaZulu-Natal Medical Aid Scheme and their
addresses and contact numbers could have changed.

Dlwati-Mahlangu says the scheme is getting legal opinion on the question of who
will trace these members and carry the costs thereof, as well as on other issues
such as what should happen to the savings funds of members that have passed away
and whose estates have been wound up.

She says the money has not yet been paid over, but when it is the matter will be
dealt with by the scheme's administrators as a matter of extremely high
priority.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 12, 2001, Saturday

A WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY FOR FARMERS;
 COUNTRYSIDE MANAGEMENT SCHEME RE -OPENED

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 845 words


THE dates for the 2001 application window for the Countryside Management Scheme
will be from May 21 until July 31, 2001, Minister of Agriculture and Rural
Development, Mrs Brid Rodgers, has confirmed.

"The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development has now completed
arrangements for 400 successful applicants from the previous application period
to enter the Countryside Management Scheme," the Minister said.

"It is expected that the 2001 application exercise will allow a further 800
farmers to benefit from entry to this scheme."

The Minister explained that the Countryside Management Scheme was open to all
farmers outside the Environmentally Sensitive Areas who had on their farm at
least one of the special features or wildlife habitats targeted under the
scheme.

Farmers who join the scheme will enter all of their farmed land into a 10-year
management agreement, and will receive annual payments for adhering to the
Scheme prescriptions.

Mrs Rodgers said: "The Countryside Management Scheme allows farmers, who are
aware of the importance of integrating farming practices with responsible
environmental management, to be recompensed for the valuable contribution they
make towards the protection and enhancement of our countryside.

"The purpose of the Countryside Management Scheme is to assist Northern Ireland
farmers outside the designated Environmentally Sensitive Areas to farm in a
manner that will protect wildlife and preserve the scenic beauty."

CMS application forms and explanatory booklets can be obtained from May 21,
2001, by contacting the Grants and Subsidies (Payments) Division, Orchard House,
40 Foyle Street, Londonderry, BT48 6AT (telephone, 028 7131 9900).

They may also be obtained by contacting your local County Agriculture Office
(telephone numbers are in the telephone directory under Government Department).

It is intended that the Countryside Management Scheme will open for applications
for a period of at least two months each year.

The Ulster Farmers' Union welcomed opening of the scheme.

Wilbert Mayne, chairman of the UFU Legislation and Commercial Committee, said:
"We are pleased that the Countryside Management Scheme has been reopened for
applications.

"Under the first round of applications the number of applications greatly
exceeded the final number that were successful, which illustrates that there are
many farmers in the province who are willing to participate in schemes which
will benefit the environment."

Mr Mayne added: "The Union has long argued that sufficient funding must be made
available for these schemes which will pay farmers for the work they do in
protecting and enhancing the environment.

"Many farmers willingly do as much as they can to look after and improve the
environment on their farm.

"However, as farm incomes come under more and more pressure there is just not
the cash for doing anything more than the necessary repairs and maintenance
required on the farm.

"The Countryside Management Scheme provides an opportunity for farmers who wish
to carry out specific environmental work to be paid for this work, which will
benefit all of society."

He said: "The Countryside Management Scheme is competitive and as such not all
farmers who apply to join will be successful, despite the work they are already
doing and wish to continue to do. Sufficient funding is crucial for this scheme
to have the best chance to improve our rural environment for generations to
come."

FactFile . . .

l THE Countryside Management Scheme, along with the Environmentally Sensitive
Areas Scheme and the Organic Farming Scheme, is an integral part of the agri
-environment measures included within the Northern Ireland Rural Development
Plan (NIRDP) 2000-2006. It is the NIRDP aim to have 4,000 participant farmers in
the Countryside Management Scheme by 2006, with 150,000 hectares under
agreement.

l THE Countryside Management Scheme promotes farming systems that maintain
biodiversity, improve water quality in rivers and lakes and integrate management
of landscape and heritage features into everyday workings on the farm. It is
complementary to the aims of the other agri-environment schemes.

l THE scheme, which applies in the 80 per cent of Northern Ireland's land area
outside the Environmentally Sensitive Areas, will provide financial assistance
to participants, while setting a number of rigorous environmental conditions,
which must be adhered to. Entry to the scheme is competitive, taking those
applicants who are able to deliver the greatest environmental benefit.

l PAYMENTS under the Countryside Management Scheme will be made for a wide
variety of activities, of which some of the most important are: management of
semi-natural grassland; management of moorland; and management of wetlands.

l OTHER activities funded by the scheme: restoration of hedges and drystone
walls; provision of winter feeding sites for migratory birds; establishment of
wild bird cover crops; and management of lapwing breeding sites.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              551 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                October 20, 2000

Adapt And Thrive

BYLINE: David Crossland and Phil Horsfall

SECTION: LITERARY DEVELOPMENT/KS3 SCHEMES; No.4399; Pg.14

LENGTH: 656 words


Schemes of work can be used flexibly to meet schools' needs, say David Crossland
and Phil Horsfall

September has seen the implementation of a third version of the national
curriculum for modern foreign languages. Key changes include:

* greater emphasis on grammatical knowledge

* highlighting the importance of language skills and learning about language,
playing down the importance of content

* increased emphasis on the use of ICT.

There are also changes to the level descriptions to bring key stage 3
expectations into line with other subjects. This should make it easier to attain
the middle level range by the end of key stage, for example by reducing the
"tenses requirement" at level 5 from three to two. But the level descriptions
have also become rather more hard-nosed about grammar, which will make them just
as taxing as before for many pupils.

As with the previous two national curriculum documents, non-statutory materials
have been produced to help teachers deliver the requirements. These take the
form of a Qualifica-tions and Curriculum Authority scheme of work for KS3. There
are separate QCA schemes of work for French, German and Spanish teachers. A
scheme consists of 18 units of work across the three years of KS3, providing an
example of how to approach long and medium-term planning. It also gives
suggestions for classroom activities, putting practical flesh on the theoretical
bones. Most schools' schemes of work are topic based. The QCA ones do refer to
topics but these are subsidiary to the more important development of linguistic
competence and progression. They try to show how language skills and structures
learned in one context can be applied to others.

The French scheme of work has already been sent to schools. The German and
Spanish schemes are due to be published this term. The French scheme is also
available on the web at www.standards.dfee.gov.uk/schemes/curriculum and can be
adapted to suit individual needs. It is unlikely any school will adopt it as it
stands, particularly because it was not written to match any existing
coursebooks, but there are several possible approaches, including:

* Adopt the QCA scheme of work in its entirety, or adopt whole units or parts of
units.

* Rewrite your scheme of work using the QCA format.

* Ignore the QCA scheme but update your own in line with the new curriculum.

Further refinements within this approach could include:

* Keep the format of your existing scheme of work, especially if it has OFSTED
approval, but include the principles of the QCA scheme of work.

* Apply aspects of the structure of the QCA scheme, for instance, stating
expectations.

* Adopt some units in their entirety or in part, and blend them into your
existing scheme - useful if there is an aspect of grammar currently neglected.

* Adopt ideas found in one unit and apply them to other units or topics. Poach
from the German and Spanish schemes once they are published.

* Purchase a different published course, but check to what extent it uses QCA
principles.

* Use the teacher's guide as a check on your coverage of the key skills of
literacy and ICT in relation to modern foreign languages, which your scheme of
work may not mention.

The QCA scheme of work does not seek to provide individual lesson plans or
impose any particular teaching style. It is also publishing a KS2 example of a
scheme for French. There is no statutory requirement to use them and QCA is keen
that the schemes should be considered as examples rather than the recommended
model. Time will tell to what extent this new approach to planning contributes
to raising achievement.

David Crossland and Phil Horsfall are PGCE tutors at the University of York and
were involved in drafting sections of the French and German QCA schemes of work.
They are authors of a new French course, 'ACTIF!' (Language Centre Publications)


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2000 TSL Education Limited


                              552 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            October 1, 1993, Friday

Pensions shake-up will protect 11 m workers from plunderers

BYLINE: Lindsay Cook

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 791 words


THE report of the Pension Law Review Committee, headed by Professor Roy Goode,
wants the 11 million members of occupational pension schemes to be secure even
if their funds are plundered. If the government backs the committee's
recommendations, all existing scheme members and pensioners can be sure that
even if another Robert Maxwell raided their pension funds they would not end
their days in poverty.

The committee also wants every pension scheme to have an annual report written
in plain English. Currently, schemes have to provide information only if asked
and then it might be almost three years out of date.

A MORI poll at the weekend showed widespread ignorance of pension schemes.
Almost 75 per cent of members could not name one trustee of their occupational
scheme. The report recommends member trustees but does not expect every scheme
to have an independent trustee to watch over members' interests.

If all of the recommendations are accepted by the government, it could take up
to five years for them to be implemented. In the mean time, individual pension
scheme members need to know how safe is their retirement money. Here are answers
to the questions they may be asking.

How safe is my pension?

Most of the 725,000 occupational pension schemes are run properly with employers
making sure that there is enough money to cover the benefits that have been
promised, whatever happens to the investments.

What would happen if the fund were raided?

Occupational pensions are currently outside the Investors Compensation Scheme.
Maxwell pensioners have so far had to rely on government funding and charity to
keep their payments going.

How would the Goode report change this?

It recommends that the compensation board should meet claims if a pension fund
loses money through fraud, theft or misappropriation and the employer has gone
bust. The board would then place a levy on all occupational schemes at the end
of the year.

How long would pensioners have to wait?

Once running, there should be no delays in paying compensation. While money
would be paid only for fraud, theft and misappropriation, Professor Goode
recommends interim payments to alleviate financial distress, rather than scheme
members having to wait years for the conviction of a fraudster or thief before
payment could be made.

Who would fund the compensation employers or employees?

The report suggests that where money purchase schemes are concerned, the
employer should make good any levy. In final salary schemes, the money might
come from the fund. If this caused the scheme to fall below the new solvency
requirements recommended by Goode then the size of employees' contribution might
increase, as might the employers'.

My financial adviser says that a personal pension is safer. Should I change?

In the vast majority of cases, occupational pension schemes offer better
benefits. Employees who do not join their scheme forgo the employer's
contribution often several times their own 4 or 5 per cent, plus
death-in-service insurance. Frequent job-changers may be better off with a
personal pension if the company offers a final salary scheme that is based on
years of service.

I never get a report on the pension scheme. Is it breaking the law?

No, as schemes are not obliged to provide audited accounts or actuarial
valuations unless asked. Even then, they need have the valuations undertaken
only every three years. The Goode report recommends that every member should
receive a report annually, written in plain English.

There are no employees or pensioners on the board of my pension scheme.  Will
that change with a Pensions Act?

The report wants much more member participation in the running of pension funds.
It falls short, however, of requiring independent trustees or a standard of
training for new members.

My scheme has a large surplus built up over the years. Could my employer use it
to fund company expansion?

Under the current rules, part of a surplus can be used by employers as long as
they observe Inland Revenue rules. In many cases, however, scheme rules ban such
plundering. Under the recommendations, a Pensions Regulator would be appointed
to oversee all schemes and surplus money could not be used by a company without
permission from him or her.

Can I be sure that my scheme is solvent?

Currently it is possible for a scheme to fall below the level required to fund
all the future benefits it has to pay. BT's scheme moved from massive surplus to
deficit in a year or so. The company agreed to make large payments to restore
the health of the fund. Under the Goode recommendations, schemes would have just
three months to get back to the required solvency level.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                              553 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            June 19, 1993, Saturday

Staff 'must push for more say over pension trustees'

BYLINE: Sara McConnell

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 639 words


EMPLOYEES in company pension schemes must press harder for the right to have a
say in appointing trustees, Clark Whitehall, the chartered accountant, said this
week.

The findings of the firm's annual survey of pension schemes show that nearly
half the schemes surveyed gave members no say in the appointment of trustees,
who were chosen solely by the employer. The survey this year concentrated on
smaller schemes with assets of between Pounds 1 million and Pounds 50 million.
Replies were received from 67 schemes with more than 100,000 members.

The majority of schemes (62 per cent) had one single corporate trustee. Of
these, employers had the sole authority for appointing and removing trustees in
42 per cent of cases. A further 28 per cent of schemes declined to reveal how
their trustees were appointed, while in the remaining 30 per cent of schemes,
members nominiated between half and one third of the directors of the corporate
trustees.

Of the 38 per cent of schemes which were administered by individual trustees, 45
per cent had no trustees other than directors or senior employees of the
employer. The other 55 per cent of such schemes had representatives of both
employers and members. Employees in these schemes generally accounted for
between one half and one third of the total number of trustees. Only 5 per cent
of all the schemes surveyed had appointed an independent trustee to safeguard
members' interests.

After being appointed, the trustees of one scheme in six meet less frequently
than twice a year. Quarterly meetings are held by 80 per cent of trustees.
Members of 37 per cent of schemes received a summary report giving them
financial information about their scheme, but had to ask specifically for a full
report and accounts. However, 24 per cent of schemes provide no summary report
for their members and only provide a full report if asked specifically. Full
reports but no summaries were provided by 39 per cent of schemes.

Summary reports were often presented in the form of a newsletter but also
appeared to be used as a propaganda tool in the hands of many employers, said
Clark Whitehall. ''These newsletters rely heavily on graphs, charts and diagrams
to communicate financial information and are often written in a very simple and
direct style. Such reports may be less off-putting for pension scheme members
who are not used to reading conventional financial reports.  However many of
these reports appeared to be conceived largely as a propaganda tool to explain
the virtues of the scheme and to emphasise the member's generosity.''

Legislation should be introduced governing the contents and distribution of
summary reports said Clark Whitehall. Although the vast majority had included
information about the income and expenditure account and the investment
portfolio in their summary reports, only 33 per cent included any actuarial
statement and only 35 per cent a statement of net assets.

Zahir Fazal, partner in charge of regulatory matters at Clark Whitehall said:
''Pension scheme members deserve as much protection as company shareholders.
Companies have to file their accounts at Companies House and I believe that
pension schemes should similarly be made to file accounts with a regulatory
body. I also believe employees should seek increased representation among
pension scheme trustees. ''

He added ''Many schemes rely on summarised information to report to their
memebers. The government should set guidelines or the contents of these summary
reports and they should be distributed to all scheme members. Pension scheme
auditors should be asked to confirm that the information they contain is
accurate, that the information has been correctly extracted from the full report
and whether or not their report on the full annual report was qualified.''

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                              554 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Funds of Rs. 139.9 million issued for 47 new development schemes of Mirpurkhas

SECTION: Vol. 10 No. 70

LENGTH: 241  words


The Divisional Commissioner of Mirpurkhas Shafiq Ahmed Mahesar has said that a
web of development works would be spread across the district, as it is among top
priorities of Sindh Government and district administration. He said this while
presiding over a meeting which held to review the performance of development
schemes here on Friday.

The Commissioner was briefed that work is underway on 271 development schemes
with the cost of Rs.1.8 billion. These schemes include 1 scheme of agriculture
with cost of Rs. 5.3872 million, 10 schemes of health with cost of Rs. 44.1
million, 40 schemes of physical planning and health with cost of Rs. 328
million, 184 schemes of rural development with cost of Rs. 1280 million, 30
schemes of water supply and drainage with cost of Rs. 86 million, 6 schemes of
education with cost of Rs. 123 million. Besides, funds of Rs. 139 million have
been issued for new 47 schemes. In new schemes, Rs. 9 million have been issued
for 2 development schemes of health, Rs. 14 million for 5 schemes of physical
planning and health, Rs. 115 million for schemes of rural development, Rs. 1
million for a scheme of water supply and drainage, Rs. 140 million for 57
schemes of different departments. Shafiq Ahmed Mahesar warned the officials that
no any negligence would be tolerated in development works. He asked them to
ensure timely completion of all projects. The meeting was attended by engineers
and officers concerned.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Funds of Rs139.9m issued for 47 new uplift schemes

SECTION: Vol. 32 No. 70

LENGTH: 203  words


The Divisional Commissioner of Mirpurkhas Shafiq Ahmed Mahesar has said that a
web of development works would be spread across the district, as it is among top
priorities of Sindh Government and district administration. He said this while
presiding over a meeting which held to review the performance of development
schemes here on Friday. The Commissioner was briefed that work is underway on
271 development schemes with the cost of Rs.1.8 billion. These schemes include 1
scheme of agriculture with cost of Rs. 5.3872 million, 10 schemes of health with
cost of Rs. 44.1 million, 40 schemes of physical planning and health with cost
of Rs. 328 million, 184 schemes of rural development with cost of Rs. 1280
million, 30 schemes of water supply and drainage with cost of Rs.86 million, 6
schemes of education with cost of Rs. 123 million. Besides, funds of Rs. 139
million have been issued for new 47 schemes. In new schemes, Rs. 9 million have
been issued for 2 development schemes of health, Rs. 14 million for 5 schemes of
physical planning and health, Rs. 115 million for schemes of rural development,
Rs. 1 million for a scheme of water supply and drainage, Rs. 140 million for 57
schemes of different departments.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Why the govt's new income declaration schemes are different from the amnesties
of earlier times

BYLINE: by rajesh m kayal

LENGTH: 1209  words


The Income Declaration Scheme and Dispute Resolution Scheme, 2016, are not
amnesty schemes or schemes to reward dishonest taxpayers. Even the disclosure of
foreign assets scheme was not an amnesty scheme. These schemes extend an
opportunity to come clean by paying more than the normal tax. They have not been
drafted to bring loss of revenue or to give hefty discounts on payable taxes. To
find out why they are not intended to reward dishonest taxpayers, we have to go
into the details of previous amnesty schemes.

Between 1951 and 1997, 10 amnesty schemes were announced to declare unaccounted
money, most of which were misused. Dishonest people who did not pay taxes
declared undisclosed incomes and assets, and got away with paying lesser than
normal taxes, with all immunities. Only two of these schemes were seen as
successful: the income declared under amnesty circular 1985/86 was Rs 10,778
crore, and under VDIS, 1997, Rs 33,000 crore. But in reality, these successes
were at the cost of revenue. The real value of the assets declared was double
the value considered for tax purposes. Taxes were paid at less than 50% of the
normal rate, with zero interest and penalties.

&lt;strong>Watch Video: What's making news&lt;/strong>
(http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrDg7LoYgk9wv_QK-mHWFxTf8Y52LVsNB)

Under VDIS, 1997, if assets were shown as having been acquired before 1987,
their value as on April 1, 1987, was considered, and a 30% taxes was imposed.
The value of gold and silver had almost doubled in AY 1997 compared to April 1,
1987, and it was simple to take a valuation certificate from 1987 and pay what
was in effect a 15% tax on it on March 31, 1997 - without any interest or
penalties. The fair value of the declarations under the VDIS scheme would in
fact, have been over Rs 60,000 crore, rather than the Rs 33,000 crore that was
actually declared. The scheme attracted 4.75 lakh declarations, of which 3.09
lakh pertained to jewellery and other movable assets. VDIS, 1997, was like an
off-season sale of branded goods at 50% discount with a lifetime guarantee
(immunity).

Another scheme was introduced through The Remittances of Foreign Exchange and
Investment in Foreign Exchange Bond (Immunities & Exemption) Act, 1991. Under
this scheme, income of about Rs 2,200 crore was declared, with zero taxes
payable. To continue with the sale analogy above, this was like an off-season
sale of branded goods at zero cost! Most of the declarants had received "gifts"
from unknown persons - and it looked like a clear case of round-tripping of
money - with 3% to 5% as the cost of the roundtripping of the amount received as
"gift". That was a time when foreign exchange was needed, and taxpayers got an
opportunity to declare unaccounted money at nil cost, i.e., nil taxes.

The India Development Bonds, 1991, were also issued under this scheme. They had
a tenure of 5 years with 9% tax-free interest and repatriation benefits.
Subscribers enjoyed immunity from declaring the source of subscriptions, and
resident Indians for receiving gifts of India Developments Bonds from
subscribers. There was nil tax payable on gifts of these bonds, and
non-residents gave them like foreign exchange remittances to non-relative
residents. This too was possibly nothing but round-tripping at around 4% cost
and zero taxes payable.

This is how it worked:

An investor putting in $ 1,00,000 in India Development Bonds received as gift in
1991, invested, at the exchange rate of 25.79 prevalent then, Rs 25,79,000. $
1,00,000 @ 9% per annum interest at six months compounding rate, would have
become $ 1,55,296 at the time of maturity after 5 years. This, at the 1997
exchange rate of 39.15, would be 60,79,875 in Rupee terms. Thus, not only did
the investor save 30% tax on Rs 25,79,000 in 1991, in 1997, he got an interest
of Rs 35 lakh without any tax liability. What a reward this scheme gave to
dishonest taxpayers! This one, in our sale analogy, was like buy one at zero
cost, and get another free!

The current schemes

They are income declaration schemes, not amnesty schemes with 50% to 100%
discount on the tax liability of the dishonest. They do carry reasonable
discounts on interest and penalty, but taxes are payable at more than normal
rates. An opportunity is given to taxpayers to escape prosecution, and they
create a win-win situation for both them and the government - but the dishonest
are not rewarded for their dishonesty. Under the Black Money (Undisclosed
Foreign Income & Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015, 644 declarations of
undisclosed foreign income and assets were received, and just Rs 2,428 crore was
collected in taxes. Ninety per cent of the collection came from 5% of
declarations. This scheme was not as successful as expected - the reason was
that no discount was given on the original tax rate, but the tax rate was 60%
instead of the normal 30%. The other reason for fewer declarations could have
been that the scheme was not available for illegal money parked abroad. Perhaps
celebrities or persons of repute stayed away for fear of their reputation,
should their names emerge through a PIL in a court of law. But in my view, this
scheme was successful compared to the 1991 scheme - because the tax rate was
60%, i.e., double the normal tax payable, compared to the zero rate payable
under the earlier scheme.

The Income Declaration Scheme of 2016 is also just that. The tax payable is 45%,
i.e., 15% more than the normal tax rate of 30%. This includes a penalty of 7.5%
and surcharge of 7.5%. Opportunity is given at a little extra cost to avoid
further interest, penalty or prosecution under the Income Tax Act, 1961, and the
Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act, 1988. This scheme may bring smaller
declarations, considering the tax rate of 45%, and the fact that the fair market
value of declared assets shall be taken as on June 1, 2016. There is no room to
manipulate and pay less tax like in VDIS, 1997.

The other scheme is Direct Tax Dispute Resolution Scheme, 2016. The tax payable
is the whole of the disputed tax in cases where the disputed tax amount does not
exceed Rs 10 lakh, and interest up to the date of assessment. In other cases, it
is the whole of the disputed tax, plus 25% of minimum penalty leviable and
interest on the disputed tax until the date of assessment. In cases of pending
appeals against penalty, 25% of minimum penalties applicable are payable.

The scheme is available only for appeals pending with the Commissioner of Income
Tax, and the purpose of the scheme is to reduce the pending litigation with the
appellate authority. The benefit under this scheme is to pay 25% of the minimum
penalty only up to the date of assessment and not up to the date on which the
appeal is decided and given effect. There is no reprieve for honest taxpayers in
this scheme. Those against whom wrong assessment orders have been passed must
continue with litigation.

Given this background, and the fact that the present schemes, while refusing to
reward the dishonest, extend an opportunity to come clean by paying more than
the normal tax, cannot be seen as being "unsuccessful", even if fewer
declarations are received. No big discount is given on taxes payable, and there
is no room for manipulation.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                  May 17, 2015

Ask Emma

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 484 words


**Question: I have been employed for the last 25 years by an Irish private
sector company. I have been in the defined benefit pension scheme up to now, but
recently I got a letter from the HR department to say that the company is going
to switch me to a defined contribution scheme later this year. Can they do this
without my agreement, and if so, in general terms, will I be better or worse
off?**

*John, Galway*

**Answer:**The route your company is taking is an increasingly common one, with
a lot of employers abandoning defined benefit (DB) pension schemes in favour of
defined contribution (DC) ones. Some companies have chosen to close DB schemes
to new members, while others have decided to wind up their DB schemes
completely.

Many DB schemes are struggling with funding issues, meaning that without
increased contributions from employees or employers, they cannot pay out the
amounts they promised. A change from a DB scheme to a DC scheme means employees
won't be guaranteed a specific benefit on retirement, but will instead be
relying on the value of accumulated contributions and investment returns.

Keep in mind that there is no legal obligation on any employer to set up a
pension scheme for employees, or to contribute to a pension scheme.

Pension expert Samantha McConnell, chief investment officer and chief operations
officer with Willis, points out that typically the legal documentation of DB
schemes    allows the company to amend the terms of the scheme, but this would
usually require the agreement of the scheme trustees.

Another factor that needs to be taken into account is the terms of your contract
of employment and any pension promises that have been made in that document,
she said.

In relation to your second question, the answer depends on a number of factors.
The key thing to realise is that under a DC scheme you as a member bear the risk
- that is the fundamental difference from the DB scheme,   McConnell explained.
If markets fall or the contributions being put in are not sufficient, your
pension will be less than you may have otherwise enjoyed under a DB scheme.

She suggested that you find out how much money will be paid into the DC scheme
on your behalf, the investment choices on offer, and how much will you need to
contribute.

Another thing to consider is the status of your existing DB scheme.

If a DB scheme is in deficit and was to be wound up - although there's no
suggestion from your letter that this is the case here - a member who is working
for the company will rank behind pensioners and as a result can get far less
than they would have been expecting,   McConnell said.

Information on the current funding situation of the existing DB scheme should be
available from the scheme trustees.

*Email your financial questions to yourmoney@sbpost.ie*

*Emma Kennedy is Money Editor at The Sunday Business Post and is also a
qualified financial adviser*

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Haryana to review schemes of predecessor Govts

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, Feb. 3 -- Stepping up its ongoing campaign to reverse adverse sex
ratio in the State and achieve success through welfare schemes, the BJP-led
Haryana Government has initiated the process to review various schemes
implemented by the previous State Governments.Primarily, the ongoing schemes in
the State aimed at improving sex ratio and ensuring women and child development
are being reviewed by the current Manohar Lal Khattar's government.

The review of State's schemes will serve dual-purpose for Haryana Government
including assessing the performance/ success of such schemes and also,
identifying duplication of incentives announced under Central scheme Beti
Bachao, Beti Padhao (BBBP).The schemes with less success rate and providing
similar incentives that of under BBBP are likely to be discontinued by the State
Government from next financial year. Besides, the Haryana Government is also
planning to announce new schemes for welfare of girl child in the State.

Notably, Chief Minister Manohar Lal had recently stated that a new policy would
be announced on the occasion of women's day on March 8 for further improving the
sex ratio in the State.Haryana, the State with skewed sex ration was chosen by
the Central Government for the nationwide launch of (BBBP) scheme by Prime
Minister Narendra Modi.

As per the data with state Health Department, the sex ratio was 877 girls per
1000 boys till November last year, higher than 833 girls per 1000 boys in 2011.
The sex ratio in Haryana is 837, in the below six years of age category."The
State Government is reviewing all the schemes implemented for the welfare of
girl child and women development by the previous State Governments. This is
being done to ensure that similar incentives are not provided to the
beneficiaries under Centre's BBBP and State Government schemes. And, also to
assess its success in the past years," said a senior official of the state
government while talking to The Pioneer.

The senior official said, "Few State Government schemes are likely to be
discontinued or revised from next financial years. The ongoing schemes include
Ladli scheme, loaning schemes for women among others are being reviewed.""Under
Centre's BBBP scheme, many incentives would be provided to ensure social
security and education of girl child. As the BBBP scheme will be launched in 12
districts in the first phase, the Government is examining the current
Government's schemes," said the official.

Initiated with an aim to improve the declining sex ratio and to combat the
social evil of female foeticide, the Ladli scheme launched by Haryana Government
coupled with other initiatives has so far failed to achieve its intended
goal.Besides providing financial assistance through various schemes, the
Government is giving stipend, free bicycles to girl students for educational
purposes. The State had also introduced reservation for girls in Industrial
Training Institutes.

Among other initiatives, the Health Department in collaboration with Women and
Child Development Department and others is also organising gender sensitisation
campaigns. When contacted, Haryana Women and Child Development Minister Kavita
Jain said that the priority of the Government is to implement the BBBP scheme in
an effective manner to improve sex ratio. The schemes announced during the
previous Governments are also going on and we are now working to implement it in
a better way, added she.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Apna Rozagar scheme is another Yellow cab scam: PTI

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Jan. 13 -- PTI Punjab Ejaz Chaudhary severely criticized Apna Rozagar
scheme he said PMLN launched this scheme to put money in their own pockets.

He said that this scheme was very similar to yellow cab scheme which has
completely failed to generate employment and was a scandal of corruption which
was a mark of PMLN government every time they come in to power.

He said computerized balloting was complete fraud like yellow cab & laptop
scheme these vehicles will be given to friend & family on cheap rates so that
can be sold on higher rates to make money.

Secretary General Yasmin Rashid severely condemned the scheme and said this
money should be spend on training and development of people so that they can
earn money.

She said government always comes up with scheme like yellow cab sasti roti and
Ashiana Housing Scheme, which have corruption in them.

She said that millions of rupees were spend on the advertisement from public
money which was just a promotion of the chief minister to deceive the public
into believing that lot of development work taking place in Punjab.

Information Secretary Andleeb Abbas said such scheme was a failed attempt of
Punjab government she said that after the big failure of youth loan scheme in
which even after one year not a single rupee was given to youth as bank have
show their reluctance to give lone which they know will never be returned.

She said it's an ill planed scheme where cheep vehicles will be given to blue
eyed people. She said banks have already withdrawn youth loan scheme and will
withdraw this scheme, as they know like other scheme these schemes will be
financed by the taxpayer's money rather than the borrowers cash. She demanded
that the government should explain when the yellow cab scheme failed how could
this scheme succeed

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Apna Rozagar scheme is another Yellow cab scam: PTI

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: Lahore


PTI Punjab Ejaz Chaudhary severely criticized Apna Rozagar scheme he said PMLN
launched this scheme to put money in their own pockets.

He said that this scheme was very similar to yellow cab scheme which has
completely failed to generate employment and was a scandal of corruption which
was a mark of PMLN government every time they come in to power.

He said computerized balloting was complete fraud like yellow cab & laptop
scheme these vehicles will be given to friend & family on cheap rates so that
can be sold on higher rates to make money.

Secretary General Yasmin Rashid severely condemned the scheme and said this
money should be spend on training and development of people so that they can
earn money.

She said government always comes up with scheme like yellow cab sasti roti and
Ashiana Housing Scheme, which have corruption in them.

She said that millions of rupees were spend on the advertisement from public
money which was just a promotion of the chief minister to deceive the public
into believing that lot of development work taking place in Punjab.

Information Secretary Andleeb Abbas said such scheme was a failed attempt of
Punjab government she said that after the big failure of youth loan scheme in
which even after one year not a single rupee was given to youth as bank have
show their reluctance to give lone which they know will never be returned.

She said it's an ill planed scheme where cheep vehicles will be given to blue
eyed people. She said banks have already withdrawn youth loan scheme and will
withdraw this scheme, as they know like other scheme these schemes will be
financed by the taxpayer's money rather than the borrowers cash. She demanded
that the government should explain when the yellow cab scheme failed how could
this scheme succeed.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

Apna Rozagar scheme is another Yellow cab scam: PTI

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: Lahore


PTI Punjab Ejaz Chaudhary severely criticized Apna Rozagar scheme he said PMLN
launched this scheme to put money in their own pockets.

He said that this scheme was very similar to yellow cab scheme which has
completely failed to generate employment and was a scandal of corruption which
was a mark of PMLN government every time they come in to power.

He said computerized balloting was complete fraud like yellow cab & laptop
scheme these vehicles will be given to friend & family on cheap rates so that
can be sold on higher rates to make money.

Secretary General Yasmin Rashid severely condemned the scheme and said this
money should be spend on training and development of people so that they can
earn money.

She said government always comes up with scheme like yellow cab sasti roti and
Ashiana Housing Scheme, which have corruption in them.

She said that millions of rupees were spend on the advertisement from public
money which was just a promotion of the chief minister to deceive the public
into believing that lot of development work taking place in Punjab.

Information Secretary Andleeb Abbas said such scheme was a failed attempt of
Punjab government she said that after the big failure of youth loan scheme in
which even after one year not a single rupee was given to youth as bank have
show their reluctance to give lone which they know will never be returned.

She said it's an ill planed scheme where cheep vehicles will be given to blue
eyed people. She said banks have already withdrawn youth loan scheme and will
withdraw this scheme, as they know like other scheme these schemes will be
financed by the taxpayer's money rather than the borrowers cash. She demanded
that the government should explain when the yellow cab scheme failed how could
this scheme succeed.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 12:29 PM GMT

Pyramid scheme in Wales and southwest of England saw thousands of people
encouraged to 'beg, borrow or steal';
Around 10,000 people, including some in Wales, were encouraged to each put
£3,000 into the scheme. This is the first time the case can be reported

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


A father-of-four who invested in a pyramid scheme said he is still living with
the consequences after he failed to received a payout.

Dave Gough, from Caldicot, paid £3,000 to join the Give and Take scheme in 2009
after being told "nobody would lose".

But he said he has since been struggling financially for the last five years
after he failed to receive a payout.

The driving instructor, who has four sons, never reached the 'Bride' payout
position in the scheme so lost his investment and is still paying it off.

Mr Gough said he was initially dubious of the scheme but caved in after three
months of persuasion and began to plan his future with his winnings.

"It sounded absolutely fantastic, there was no way I was going to lose," he told
BBC News.

"I was told it was backed by major solicitors and barristers in the Bristol area
and it was all legal. Nobody would lose because the scheme would just keep going
and going and going.

The women involved in operating and promoting a £21m pyramid scheme... and how
the scheme worked:

These women were involved in operating and promoting a £21m pyramid scheme

"They gave the impression there was nothing illegal about it. There was no con,
nobody could lose.

"Initially, like anyone else I thought this sort of scheme was too good to be
true, but when someone keeps going on and on and you hear from other people who
have had payouts from it, then you do reach a point when you think, hold on,
this is a good scheme."

Mr Gough said he began to make plans with his family for the £23,000 they
expected to receive once he reached the top of his chart.

"We thought were were going to get this money, definitely," he said.

"We had a little dream that we could sort out our debts, because everyone has
debts, loans and so forth, and perhaps have a clean slate to start again."

Mr Gough issued a stark warning to others considering joining a pyramid scheme.

"Four years on I'm still living with the consequences. There's still an amount
of that money that I'm still paying back now," he said.

"Obviously it affected my other finances, so for the last four years we've
struggled and we're still struggling now - all because of being conned out of
£3,000.

"Don't do it. If it's too good to be true, it is too good to be true. It's a big
con. It doesn't matter if it's your friends or relative, you stand to lose your
money.

"Some people will make some money from it but the majority will lose all their
money.

"It makes you really angry that there are people out there who are prepared to
do this to ordinary people who work hard and haven't got a lot of money."

Mr Gough is one of around 10,000 people across the country who took part in the
£21m pyramid scheme.

The case has been reported for the first time today as three women were
sentenced for their roles in the multi-million pound 'get-rich-quick' scheme.

The group encouraged around 10,000 people to each put £3,000 into the scheme
between May 2008 and April 2009.

Victims were lured by the promise they would receive a £24,000 payout when they
reached the top of their pyramid, with organisers promising they "could not
lose".

The scheme, called Give and Take, quickly spread from Bath and Bristol to
Gloucester, Bridgwater, Cheltenham, Torquay, Weston-super-Mare and Wales.

Committee members behind the scheme pocketed up to £92,000 each, while as many
as 88% of the women they recruited lost out - some up to £15,000.

The scheme was hidden under a veil of secrecy as members were banned from
writing about it, Bristol Crown Court heard.

But the pyramid was uncovered by authorities when a disgruntled employer in
Bristol contacted Trading Standards to complain that it was being promoted in
his workplace.

Eleven women, aged between 34 and 69, became the first to be prosecuted for such
a scheme, under new legislation in the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading
Act 2008.

Following two lengthy trials, in 2012 and 2013, three were convicted of the
charges against them, three pleaded guilty, one was acquitted and two juries
could not reach a verdict on another.

A third trial - a retrial of three women a jury could also not reach verdicts on
- was due to begin at Bristol Crown Court on Wednesday but the defendants
entered guilty pleas before a jury was sworn.

Reporting of the case was banned until the conclusion of all trials and lifted
this morning following legal representation from the three women and the media.

Judge Mark Horton will sentence the three women, charts co-ordinator Mary Nash,
65, committee secretary Susan Crane, 68, and games coordinator Hazel Cameron,
54, in October.

Nash, Crane and Cameron all admitted operating and promoting the pyramid scheme.

Sally Phillips, 34, of Hengrove, Jane Smith, 50, of Bishopsworth, both Bristol,
and Rita Lomas, 49, of Whitchurch, Somerset, admitted promoting the scheme in
2012.

Phillips received a three-month suspended prison sentence, Smith a four-month
suspended sentence and Lomas a four-and-a-half month suspended sentence.

Chairman Laura Fox, 69, Jennifer Smith-Hayes, 69, and Carol Chalmers, 68, were
convicted of operating and promoting the scheme during a trial in 2012.

Fox, of East Harptree, Smith-Hayes of Bishopsworth and Chalmers, of
Weston-super-Mare, were sentenced to nine months' imprisonment.

No verdict was reached following two trials of Tracey Laurence, 60, of Bradley
Stoke, South Gloucestershire, while Rhalina Yuill, 34, of St George, Bristol was
acquitted of promoting a pyramid scheme on her second trial.

Judge Horton said the public had to be aware of the dangers of pyramid and chain
gifting schemes.

He said: "These cases and the actions and attitudes of these defendants
demonstrate the way in which pyramid promotional schemes and chain gifting
schemes can be secretly created and quickly spread amongst a vast number of
people and over several counties.

"This particular scheme caused a loss to the general public of around £19m."

Judge Horton said the scheme targeted vulnerable women who could ill afford to
lose the money.

"A number of these women suffered enormous and in some cases lifelong financial
hardship due to their involvement in this scheme," he said.

"The public need to be aware that schemes like this lead to the destruction of
lifelong friendships and families and in some cases whole communities as friends
and family are lured into such a scheme."

Judge Horton added: "It is important now that the full matter of risks of this
type of scheme are exposed and made known to the public," he added.

"If it looks to good to be true, that's because it is not true."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 12:29 PM GMT

Pyramid scheme in Wales and southwest of England saw thousands of people
encouraged to 'beg, borrow or steal';
Around 10,000 people, including some in Wales, were encouraged to each put
£3,000 into the scheme. This is the first time the case can be reported

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


A father-of-four who invested in a pyramid scheme said he is still living with
the consequences after he failed to received a payout.

Dave Gough, from Caldicot, paid £3,000 to join the Give and Take scheme in 2009
after being told "nobody would lose".

But he said he has since been struggling financially for the last five years
after he failed to receive a payout.

The driving instructor, who has four sons, never reached the 'Bride' payout
position in the scheme so lost his investment and is still paying it off.

Mr Gough said he was initially dubious of the scheme but caved in after three
months of persuasion and began to plan his future with his winnings.

"It sounded absolutely fantastic, there was no way I was going to lose," he told
BBC News.

"I was told it was backed by major solicitors and barristers in the Bristol area
and it was all legal. Nobody would lose because the scheme would just keep going
and going and going.

The women involved in operating and promoting a £21m pyramid scheme... and how
the scheme worked:

These women were involved in operating and promoting a £21m pyramid scheme

"They gave the impression there was nothing illegal about it. There was no con,
nobody could lose.

"Initially, like anyone else I thought this sort of scheme was too good to be
true, but when someone keeps going on and on and you hear from other people who
have had payouts from it, then you do reach a point when you think, hold on,
this is a good scheme."

Mr Gough said he began to make plans with his family for the £23,000 they
expected to receive once he reached the top of his chart.

"We thought were were going to get this money, definitely," he said.

"We had a little dream that we could sort out our debts, because everyone has
debts, loans and so forth, and perhaps have a clean slate to start again."

Mr Gough issued a stark warning to others considering joining a pyramid scheme.

"Four years on I'm still living with the consequences. There's still an amount
of that money that I'm still paying back now," he said.

"Obviously it affected my other finances, so for the last four years we've
struggled and we're still struggling now - all because of being conned out of
£3,000.

"Don't do it. If it's too good to be true, it is too good to be true. It's a big
con. It doesn't matter if it's your friends or relative, you stand to lose your
money.

"Some people will make some money from it but the majority will lose all their
money.

"It makes you really angry that there are people out there who are prepared to
do this to ordinary people who work hard and haven't got a lot of money."

Mr Gough is one of around 10,000 people across the country who took part in the
£21m pyramid scheme.

The case has been reported for the first time today as three women were
sentenced for their roles in the multi-million pound 'get-rich-quick' scheme.

The group encouraged around 10,000 people to each put £3,000 into the scheme
between May 2008 and April 2009.

Victims were lured by the promise they would receive a £24,000 payout when they
reached the top of their pyramid, with organisers promising they "could not
lose".

The scheme, called Give and Take, quickly spread from Bath and Bristol to
Gloucester, Bridgwater, Cheltenham, Torquay, Weston-super-Mare and Wales.

Committee members behind the scheme pocketed up to £92,000 each, while as many
as 88% of the women they recruited lost out - some up to £15,000.

The scheme was hidden under a veil of secrecy as members were banned from
writing about it, Bristol Crown Court heard.

But the pyramid was uncovered by authorities when a disgruntled employer in
Bristol contacted Trading Standards to complain that it was being promoted in
his workplace.

Eleven women, aged between 34 and 69, became the first to be prosecuted for such
a scheme, under new legislation in the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading
Act 2008.

Following two lengthy trials, in 2012 and 2013, three were convicted of the
charges against them, three pleaded guilty, one was acquitted and two juries
could not reach a verdict on another.

A third trial - a retrial of three women a jury could also not reach verdicts on
- was due to begin at Bristol Crown Court on Wednesday but the defendants
entered guilty pleas before a jury was sworn.

Reporting of the case was banned until the conclusion of all trials and lifted
this morning following legal representation from the three women and the media.

Judge Mark Horton will sentence the three women, charts co-ordinator Mary Nash,
65, committee secretary Susan Crane, 68, and games coordinator Hazel Cameron,
54, in October.

Nash, Crane and Cameron all admitted operating and promoting the pyramid scheme.

Sally Phillips, 34, of Hengrove, Jane Smith, 50, of Bishopsworth, both Bristol,
and Rita Lomas, 49, of Whitchurch, Somerset, admitted promoting the scheme in
2012.

Phillips received a three-month suspended prison sentence, Smith a four-month
suspended sentence and Lomas a four-and-a-half month suspended sentence.

Chairman Laura Fox, 69, Jennifer Smith-Hayes, 69, and Carol Chalmers, 68, were
convicted of operating and promoting the scheme during a trial in 2012.

Fox, of East Harptree, Smith-Hayes of Bishopsworth and Chalmers, of
Weston-super-Mare, were sentenced to nine months' imprisonment.

No verdict was reached following two trials of Tracey Laurence, 60, of Bradley
Stoke, South Gloucestershire, while Rhalina Yuill, 34, of St George, Bristol was
acquitted of promoting a pyramid scheme on her second trial.

Judge Horton said the public had to be aware of the dangers of pyramid and chain
gifting schemes.

He said: "These cases and the actions and attitudes of these defendants
demonstrate the way in which pyramid promotional schemes and chain gifting
schemes can be secretly created and quickly spread amongst a vast number of
people and over several counties.

"This particular scheme caused a loss to the general public of around £19m."

Judge Horton said the scheme targeted vulnerable women who could ill afford to
lose the money.

"A number of these women suffered enormous and in some cases lifelong financial
hardship due to their involvement in this scheme," he said.

"The public need to be aware that schemes like this lead to the destruction of
lifelong friendships and families and in some cases whole communities as friends
and family are lured into such a scheme."

Judge Horton added: "It is important now that the full matter of risks of this
type of scheme are exposed and made known to the public," he added.

"If it looks to good to be true, that's because it is not true."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 July 14, 2013

Defining your future

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1344 words


Defined benefit (DB) pension schemes have been in the news for all the wrong
reasons recently. Such pension schemes, sometimes known as final salary schemes,
guarantee a level of pension at retirement which is based on the employee's
final salary and number of years of service.

However, such guarantees must be funded for the most part by the employer and
the cost of providing such pensions has gone up in recent times for a variety of
reasons, including falling interest rates and increasing longevity.

If a DB pension scheme does not have assets to meet its liabilities to its
members, it is insolvent and it must submit a proposal to the Pensions Board
detailing how it intends to get back to solvency -- at least to a minimum
funding standard. For some DB schemes, the cost of bringing the scheme back to
solvency is more than the employer is willing or able to bear, so a decision is
made to wind up the DB scheme.

A recent joint release from Ibec, Ictu, IAPF and the Society of Actuaries in
Ireland shows that increasing numbers of DB pension schemes are being wound up,
and this is a trend that looks set to continue.

Around 400 DB pension schemes have closed since the end of 2008 -- that's an
average of more than seven schemes closing per month. Of the remaining 900
schemes, only 300 are meeting the required minimum funding standard.

At present, retired members of DB schemes have priority over everyone else when
a scheme is wound up. The assets of the scheme must be used to secure their
pensions for the rest of their lives, before any money can be distributed among
the other members who have not yet reached retirement age. This priority of
pensioners over non-pensioners is a controversial one and there have been
numerous calls for it to be changed.

That joint release from Ibec, ICTU, IAPF and Society of Actuaries also read: "If
the government is not going to take practical measures to slow the rate of
scheme closures, it should at least take immediate action to ease the worst
effects of these closures. If the government continues to defer reform of the
'priority order', the simple truth is that, in the unfortunate event of a scheme
winding up in deficit, people of working age continue to risk losing everything
before scheme pensioners can be asked to give up anything.

"Under the current rules a retired worker will have his or her full pension
protected in a wind-up, whereas a 64-year-old worker, months from retirement,
may be left with little or no pension rights at all."

If you have benefits in a DB scheme which is being wound up and you have not yet
reached retirement age, you will be notified of the transfer value of your
benefits following the wind up. The transfer value is a cash sum that represents
your portion of what's left of the scheme assets.

The first thing to be aware of is that the transfer value will provide you with
a smaller pension at retirement than the promises the original DB scheme made.
How much smaller will depend on just how insolvent the scheme was, and how many
pensioners had to be secured first.

So if you find yourself in this situation, what can you do with the transfer
value? You have a number of options and should consider each one carefully
before making your decision. The sums involved can be large and some of the
options can be irreversible.

**Transfer to a buy-out bond**

A personal retirement bond, also known as a buy out bond, is a pension policy in
your own name that can accept transfers from previous pension schemes.

The DB scheme will usually have nominated a default buy out bond for scheme
members, but you can choose where you want to purchase your buy-out bond from.

There are ten companies offering buyout bonds in Ireland and each one allows you
to choose how your transfer value is invested, by at least offering a choice of
funds. Some of the more sophisticated buy out bond products also allow you to
manage your own pension fund investment, eg place your fund on deposit with a
bank of your choice, buy shares or ETFs of your choice, buy a property as an
investment for your pension or combinations of these.

Charges can vary widely from one buy out bond product to the next, so compare
several before making a decision to invest your transfer value in one.

A buy out bond allows you the option to draw your benefits ("take early
retirement") from age 50 onwards, regardless of whether or not you're in another
job at that time.

When you do draw your benefits, your options are the same as the options you had
under the DB scheme -- either take a fixed pension for life (known as an
annuity) or take part of your fund as a tax-free lump sum and a smaller
subsequent pension annuity.

**Transfer to a PRSA**

If you have less than 15 years' service, you can move your transfer value to a
Personal Retirement Savings Account (PRSA). As with a buy out bond, you can
choose your PRSA from a variety of providers, some of which also offer the
ability to choose your own investments.

In this context, transferring to a PRSA is different to transferring to a buy
out bond in a number of ways:

*At retirement, the maximum tax-free lump sum you can withdraw from a PRSA is 25
per cent of the fund, subject to a tax-free ceiling of EUR 200,000. This may be
greater or less than the tax-free lump sum available from a buy out bond.

*Having taken your tax-free lump sum at retirement, the remaining 75 per cent of
a PRSA fund can be used to either buy an annuity or re-invest in a more flexible
Approved Retirement Fund (ARF). The ARF option is not available on a buy out
bond if the funds originated in a DB pension scheme.

*You can only draw your retirement benefits from a PRSA before age 60 if you are
retiring from PAYE employment at the time. You can draw your benefits from a buy
out bond from age 50 onwards, regardless of your employment position.

*You can make further contributions to a PRSA to add to your fund and claim tax
relief against income subject to Revenue limits.

You cannot add to a buy out bond -- it can only accept a transfer value from an
occupational pension scheme.

Any further pension contributions you want to make must be to a different plan.

**Transfer to another pension scheme**

If you are a member of another occupational pension scheme, you can transfer
your fund into it. If the scheme is large, the charges on it may be lower than
on an individual product, such as a buy out bond or a PRSA so make sure to
check.

However, before transferring your fund into another pension scheme, bear in mind
that in doing so, the trustees of the new scheme get to choose who the pension
provider is and what funds will be made available to you.

Your two pension funds (the transfer value from your DB scheme and the fund
accumulated in the new scheme) will be amalgamated and you will only be able to
draw your retirement benefits at the one time, when you retire from the new
pension scheme, subject to the rules of the new scheme.

You will also need to seek the sign-off of the new pension scheme trustees when
you want to draw your benefits.

**Take early retirement**

If you are 50 or over (or possibly earlier if you are in serious ill-health) you
can choose to take early retirement immediately.

You will receive part of your fund as a tax-free lump sum. This will be
calculated by the pension scheme administrators based on your salary when
leaving the employment and your number of years' service.

The balance of your transfer value will be used to buy an annuity for you, ie a
fixed pension for life.

The younger you are when buying an annuity, the smaller the monthly pension you
will get.

But you can weigh this up against the fact that by starting your pension at, say
55 rather than 65, you will receive an additional 10 years' pension payments.

Any one of the choices available to you will have an effect on how much money
you have to live on in retirement, so you should evaluate each carefully before
ticking one of the boxes and seek professional advice if you need to.

*Liam D Ferguson is principal of Ferguson & Associates and ferga.com, pension,
life & mortgage brokers*

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                 April 14, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Charity workers face pension cuts;
A 'chain reaction' of failures could see employees get 30pc less, experts tell
Richard Evans

BYLINE: Richard Evans

SECTION: MONEY AND JOBS;FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1110 words


Tens of thousands of charity workers could see the value of their pensions fall
by a third as a result of spiralling pension scheme deficits, experts have
warned.

The cost of final salary pension schemes could force some charities to fold,
jeopardising the jobs of hundreds of thousands of workers and vital services on
which millions of people depend.

Even worse, the failure of one charity could make it more likely that others go
bust, thanks to the unusual way in which many charities pool their pension
funds.

The risk was highlighted on Thursday when a charity that promoted peace in
Northern Ireland was forced to close, apparently because of its pension deficit.

Charities, especially smaller ones, often have their pension plans run by
"multi-employer" schemes. But these schemes operate on a "last man standing"
basis, which means that, when one employer fails, the remaining ones have to
take on its obligations.

As a result, a failure at one charity makes the scheme slightly riskier for all
the remaining members. Should another fail, the risk is further increased and at
some stage there is the chance of a "chain reaction" of failures.

"There will be a ripple effect through the not-forprofit sector from charities
going bust," said Patrick Bloomfield, a partner at Hymans Robertson, the
actuary. "A number of charities participate in 'last man standing' group schemes
, so the other charities pick up the pension burden of other charities that go
bust.

"In these schemes, charities' pension funds all benefit together or all struggle
together. At the moment they are struggling. Although the number of failures has
been tiny so far, each one adds a painful bit of marginal cost."

One charity that belonged to a multiemployer pension scheme went bust last year.
People Can, which employed 300 people and helped victims of domestic abuse,
ex-offenders and the homeless, belonged to the Social Housing Pension Scheme, a
multi-employer arrangement.

Malcolm McLean of Barnett Waddingham, the actuary, said: "I fear People Can will
not be the last charity brought down by the weight of its pension scheme."
However, Sarah Smart, who chairs the Pensions Trust, to which the Social Housing
Pension Scheme belongs, said the failure was not caused by a problem with the
charity's pension scheme.

On Thursday the Spirit of Enniskillen Trust, set up in 1989 following an IRA
bombing in Enniskillen, announced that it would be wound up. It also belonged to
a multi-employer scheme.

According to Mr Bloomfield one of the largest "last man standing" schemes
relates to social housing organisations. It is part of the Pensions Trust, which
specialises in charitable pension schemes, and has 62,200 members and 683
employers. Its last accounts showed £3.6bn of pension liabilities and only
£2.3bn of assets.

He pointed out that while charities faced the same problems with funding final
salary pensions as conventional profit-making companies, their difficulties were
exacerbated by the fact that they had no profits or shareholders to use as
sources of extra money to plug pension deficits.

They have also seen donations and grants from the Government fall as a result of
the economic downturn. Mr McLean said: "In the present economic climate it is
very likely that charities will be seeing a drop in their income and will not
have the necessary spare money to meet the demands of their pensions and will
need to give up on their schemes - if not go out of business altogether.

"In a multi-employer arrangement all employers are responsible collectively for
the pension liabilities of the members and you can end up with a situation where
the last man standing is saddled with all the pension liabilities. However, an
individual employer cannot just walk away."

In February three charity umbrella groups warned the Government that the
situation was "unsustainable". In a letter to the pensions minister, Steve Webb,
they said: "As charities fail, there is a domino effect on others in the same
pension scheme. This situation is simply unsustainable."

Some of the ways in which charities have run their schemes up to now make the
task of balancing the books harder, Mr Bloomfield said.

"Charities were a few years behind the private sector in cutting final salary
benefits, partly because they tried to stick with these schemes to compete with
councils for staff," he said.

"Many charity pension schemes also kept more of their assets invested for
long-term growth than private-sector schemes. A decade of stock market
underperformance has led to significant deficits and steep increases in the need
for additional cash to be paid into their schemes."

If a charity does fail, the statutory backup of the Pension Protection Fund
(PPF) would be expected to step in and pay the pensions promised. However, there
are limits on the amount that the PPF will pay and on the annual increases. The
overall effect of these restrictions is to cut the value of a pension by around
a third, Mr Bloomfield calculated.

But he said charities did have some advantages. They are normally debt-free and
have built up cash reserves.

This money may not be enough to plug pension fund shortfalls but should give
them the breathing space to tackle the problem.

Mr Bloomfield concluded: "There is a significant risk that some charities won't
be able to cope with the burden of their pension scheme deficit. This is putting
charity jobs and vital charitable work at risk, to the detriment of the
vulnerable parts of society who tend to suffer most when the economy is
struggling."

Ms Smart said: "Some charities have already failed and we are preparing
ourselves for more, although we do not believe we have reached a tipping point
where there will be a chain reaction of failures."

But she added that final salary schemes needed lots of attention, especially
multiemployer schemes. Because of a technicality in the rules, a charity's
accounts don't have to treat one of these schemes in the same way as it would a
stand-alone scheme. "This could lead to any underfunding problem not being
properly appreciated," Ms Smart said.

She pointed out another problem: if a charity closes its final salary scheme it
can immediately have to meet a large debt to the multi-employer pension scheme.
This can encourage employers to keep schemes open when they can't really afford
to, although there is a way around this problem if they switch to a defined
contribution section within the same scheme, if one is available.

But Ms Smart said: "The real difficulty is the economic situation - charities
are squeezed on funding at a time when pension schemes need more money."

'Other charities pick up the burden when one goes bust'

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Events such as the London Marathon raise large amounts for charities,
but donations have fallen because of the recession
CHRISTOPHER PLEDGER; ACTION IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday
                                Surveys Edition

Medical aid schemes rely on cross-subsidisation balance

BYLINE: David Jackson

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 555  words


Medical aid schemes rely on cross-subsidisation balance

MEDICAL aid schemes in SA today are run by boards of trustees and by law are not
allowed to make a profit.

A key element of community rating - a core principle in the functioning of
medical aid schemes - is cross-subsidisation. This is the system whereby the
young and healthy members of medical aid schemes subsidise the elderly and sick
through their medical aid premiums.

Dr Humphrey Zokufa, CEO of the Board of Healthcare Funders, says that a
challenging aspect of the medical scheme system is that medical scheme
membership is still voluntary and not mandatory, except for those members in
employer group schemes, where scheme membership is compulsory as a condition of
employment.

& And because medical aid is not compulsory, especially for those earning over a
certain threshold, there is a threat that more and more young people will opt
out of the medical scheme system, leaving an imbalance of elderly and sick
people on the system. This is one of the major contributing factors to medical
schemes' rising costs.& He says medical schemes work much like a stokvel or

co-operative type organisation.

& The Medical Schemes Act is clear that the money paid in by members in the form
of contributions has to be paid out for relevant health services.

& Medical scheme options do not work on the same principles as insurance
products. By law, the contribution money paid by members has to be put into a
risk pool. So while you personally may not be claiming from your medical aid for
a procedure or treatment, your neighbour may well be doing so - and the
principle of cross-subsidisation comes into play.

& But the savings account component of a premium is ring-fenced, and is always
your own specific money - but that is not the case with the risk pool.& Medical
schemes do pay for administration and processing of claims and for the cost of
managed healthcare, for example, but by far the largest portion of the members'
contribution goes into the risk pool that pays for members' medical expenses.

Zokufa says that the more wastage there is in the system - through overclaiming
or claims for unnecessary treatments, overservicing by providers or through
fraud, for example - the more this impacts on medical aid schemes and members in
the form of increased medical aid premiums.

For a number of years, up to 2011, according to the registrar of medical schemes
, medical schemes collectively paid out more in claims than they collected in
contributions, which has put them in deficit.

& Given that the money being paid out by medical schemes comes from a pool of
money to which all medical scheme members contribute, when people abuse the
system it means your money and mine is being wasted,& says Zokufa.

He says benefits paid by medical schemes must be carefully structured, given the
advances in sophisticated drug medication and medical technology, all of which
tend

to be expensive.

& It's important for medical schemes to know that the drugs on their formularies
and the benefits they offer through the various options are based on best
practice principles.& For this reason, he says, schemes are reluctant to
consider claims - or give authorisation - for treatment with new drugs that have
not yet been clinically proven, or for which there is no scientific evidence of
efficacy.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 July 22, 2011

Fixing health care

BYLINE: Mandy Smallhorne

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1355 words



HIGHLIGHT: There are few subjects more emotive than medical schemes. Open the
subject at any gathering and you're likely to get a tsunami of complaints. >


There are few subjects more emotive than medical schemes. Open the subject at
any gathering and you're likely to get a tsunami of complaints.

Even satisfied customers, like human resources consultant Bridgette Khama, have
niggles with the open medical scheme she and her clients use: when low-income
employees choose cheaper options, she says, they are forced to use a less
convenient network of suppliers such as hospitals.

Pensioner Hilary S. doesn't want her name to be used because she fears offending
her scheme. She's had to 'buy down' to a cheaper plan due to spiralling premiums
and believes her scheme communicates badly.

Her son Jonathan says it's unfair that his parents have contributed all their
lives, and now he has to assist with medical costs while also carrying a heavy
premium for himself, his wife and three teenage children. Why is this so?

"People often encounter the healthcare system at times of illness and stress,
only to find that it is sometimes complex and difficult to navigate," says
Discovery CEO Dr Jonathan Broomberg. "Healthcare is also costly and becomes more
expensive each year, as new expensive medicines and procedures become available,
and as the prevalence of chronic diseases increases. All of these are global
problems and not unique to South Africa."

High costs mean that "health insurance remains an imperative, whether private or
government-funded. What remains to be done is proper regulation of how such
funds are administered and regulated," says Dr Norman Mabasa, chairman of the
South African Medical Association (SAMA).

Which is the best route -- an open or a closed scheme? A traditional one that
offers a straight deal -- pay the premium and we cover the medical costs -- or
one which offers 'extras' such as discounts on gym membership along with medical
cover?

South Africa has more than 100 medical schemes which cover less than a fifth of
the population, primarily those in employment who can afford the premiums. The
majority of these schemes are closed or restricted -- they serve only the
employees of a specific company, like Sasolmed; or, like Bankmed, only people
who work in a specific industry.

"Medical schemes are essentially funds where member contributions are kept in
trust to be used when needed," explains Freddy Beukes, wellness manager at
Sasol. Some schemes administer these funds themselves, but nowadays many hand
the responsibility over to a medical schemes administrator.

"There are not many self-administered schemes left," says Dr Leighton MacDonald,
who heads up Bankmed. "It's a complex business and it costs a lot.
Administrators can take advantage of economies of scale." The scheme itself is
not-for-profit, but the administrator may make profits.

Open or closed?

 Until a couple of decades back, closed schemes were basically all that was
available to South Africans, and they have distinct advantages. "The trustees of
closed schemes have employer representation," says Beukes. "So the employer has
the ability to influence the health and wellness of its employees and their
families (the scheme beneficiaries) by funding and promoting preventative care.
This can be coordinated with employee assistance programmes at the workplace."

In addition, he says, "Benefits are typically richer than in the open scheme
environment. Benefit structuring is typically transparent and easily
understandable. Contribution rates and employer subsidies are typically adjusted
to the income bands of employees, supporting the socialistic nature of
healthcare funding as entrenched in the South African Constitution."

Moreover, he points out that closed schemes don't have to fund marketing
budgets, and MacDonald says this can be a significant saving: non-healthcare
costs in open schemes may be nearly twice that of closed schemes.

Dr Broomberg, on the other hand, sees the open scheme as the wave of the future:
"In the case of large open schemes, such as Discovery, one critical advantage is
that the very large risk pool provides enormous financial stability. A large
open scheme can handle significant claims volatility without impacting on
reserves or premiums. In 2010 paid a large number of claims in excess of R1
million, and the largest claim paid was for R16.5 million for one 20-day
hospital admission."

In addition, he says, large open schemes can offer a large number of different
plan options, catering for all levels of need and affordability. Discovery has
been a pioneer in offering 'extras' to attract new members, which is quite
different from the traditional model where your premium buys you cover for
medical costs and nothing else.

This is seen as positive by many in the industry - medical schemes can only work
well where they follow the basic principle of insurance: that the loss, which
would have fallen heavily on the one, falls lightly on the many. In other words,
the young and healthy, who claim seldom, are vital to ensure there are funds for
those who are ill, elderly or injured.

"Cross-subsidisation is absolutely critical," says MacDonald. He says medical
cover is usually a 'grudge purchase', especially for those in their 20s and 30s
who still feel immortal. If discounts on gym membership encourage them to join
by making them feel they are 'earning back' their premiums, this will improve
the spread of risk and the scheme's ability to cover the needs of all its
members.

Industry issues

 There are some burning issues in the industry. You'd expect National Health
Insurance to be top of the list, but it's not so: "We support NHI," says
MacDonald. "We know it has to come. It will extend healthcare, and pricing will
get attention from the government."

Pricing is a huge issue, according to Heidi Kruger, spokesperson for the Board
of Healthcare Funders (BHF), the representative body for schemes. Last year, a
high court ruling set aside the National Reference Price List, the guideline for
healthcare fees, and that has caused uncertainty.

"The difficulty of having no reference price is that it leads to ambiguity,"
says Katy Caldis, CEO of Fedhealth. "Providers ideally need a guideline of what
the medical schemes' reimbursement rate will be to set their charges. Without
these parameters it often leads to confusion and sometimes leads to unintended
out-of-pocket payments from consumers, even in cases where healthcare
professionals were not aiming to charge a higher rate."

Dr Mabasa is forthright: "As SAMA we believe that the health sector was
legislated out of function and sanity when the Competitions Commission
prohibited bargaining between doctors and hospitals on the one hand as well as
the medical schemes (represented by Board of Healthcare Funders) on the other.
This allowed anyone to charge anything as there is no benchmark and all this is
within the law."

SAMA supports the establishment of a representative structure which will base
its decisions on research into the cost of healthcare delivery. "The fees paid
by medical schemes are far below what the researched cost-studies have
revealed."

The other major issue in play at present is Prescribed Minimum Benefits (PMBs).
The Council for Medical Schemes (the statutory body which regulates schemes) and
the BHF are headed for a court date in September where the meaning of the
'payment in full' requirement of Regulation 8 of the Medical Schemes Act,
relating to PMBs, will be decided.

Does it mean pay up to the limits in scheme rules, or pay whatever the
healthcare provider charges? This goes to the heart of medical schemes cover, as
nearly 300 fairly common conditions fall under PMBs, including things like
hypertension, heart disease and certain cancers.

The Act's intention was to ensure that members would never run out of benefits
for these conditions. It's all part of a necessary process to hammer out a
system that South Africa can live with.

"All parties need to work together to make the system more sustainable by
improving outcomes and reducing cost," says Caldis. "This requires partnership,
dialogue and true sharing of responsibilities between consumers, healthcare
professionals and funders/facilitators of healthcare.">

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Introducing a mark of quality;
Nigel Peaple, NAPF director of policy, exlains the reasoning behind the Pension
Quality Mark introduced last September

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 833 words


If judging how good the pension you are being offered at work has often baffled
or bemused you, don't worry - you are not alone.

Research shows that pensions remain many people's preferred way to save for
retirement. When asked, nearly 40 per cent of employees said they considered
pensions the best way to save for retirement - ahead of property, bank accounts
and ISAs. However, pensions can be complicated and this puts many people off
saving.

Employers are also frustrated. They put a lot of time, money and effort into
running a pension scheme for their staff and want to ensure their employees
value the benefit they are being offered.

It was with these issues in mind that the National Association of Pension Funds
(NAPF) launched the Pension Quality Mark (PQM) in September last year and just
six months on, and with over 100,000 people now active members of PQM schemes, a
great start has been made.

Household names like Marks and Spencer, Kellogg's and Volkswagen were among the
first schemes to qualify for the PQM and in the last month Bupa, Comet and
Siemens have been added to the roll call.

The smallest scheme to receive a PQM award has only 123 active members, while
the largest has 37,000. Employers who have gained the award for their scheme
have come from a range of sectors including financial services, engineering,
manufacturing, transport, retail and technology.

In addition, a number of important and diverse organisations have supported the
Pension Quality Mark ranging from the TUC, Which? and the Institute of
Directors, The PQM is awarded to good quality defined contribution pension
schemes and means that for the first time employees have an independent standard
to act as a guide to their pension scheme and employers will be able to receive
independent recognition of their scheme. All our research had told us there was
strong demand from employees and employers for an independent quality standard.
Over half (52 per cent) of employees said that an independent quality mark would
make them more likely to join the scheme, while almost two thirds (63 per cent)
of employees with an opinion said it would improve their opinion of their
employer.

The PQM is designed to help people quickly and easily recognise that the pension
their employers offer is a quality one - giving them more confidence in their
scheme at work and encouraging them to save for retirement. Employers too can
benefit by using the PQM to attract and retain staff. It helps employers
demonstrate the value of their defined contribution (DC) pension scheme and, by
making workplace pensions more understandable and attractive, encourage more
employees to join.

For pension schemes to qualify they need to meet three key standards of good
pension provision, in particular, scheme contribution rates, the way the
employer runs the scheme (governance) and the how they communicate the scheme to
staff.

Contributions to the scheme must be at least 10 per cent of salary with 6 per
cent contributions from the employer. A higher award (PQM Plus) is available for
those with higher contributions - 15 per cent in total with 10 per cent from the
employer.

How a pension is communicated makes a real difference to both participation and
staff engagement with the scheme. The PQM is designed to be flexible on the way
schemes communicate with scheme members, with successful applicants using a
variety of face-to-face, phone, paper and online communications.

Schemes can meet the communications standards by providing group presentations,
individual support, interactive online pension accounts, up-todate intranet
sites or regular newsletters.

The final standard is designed to ensure that a scheme is well run and meets the
needs of members. For a trust-based scheme to get a PQM award, the key
investment and administration issues must be regularly discussed by the
Trustees. For contract-based provision, a management committee or stand alone
annual scheme review must look at these issues, and get input from scheme
members.

Successful applicants are encouraged to promote their award to existing and
potential employees, and can use the PQM logo on their literature, presentations
and job adverts, giving a further boost to their communications.

This will help employers to differentiate themselves from others and also help
employees instantly recognise that the scheme they are being offered is a good
one.

The number of applications continues to rise and there are some further
milestones that PQM hopes to hit during 2010 - such as our 100th award.

Building confidence and clarity to pension saving is vital in ensuring everyone
should have a good quality, affordable workplace pension so they can save
towards a comfortable retirement. The Pension Quality Mark is a further step
down that road.

If you are an employer who wishes to apply for the Pension Quality Mark or an
employee wanting to find out more, further information can be found at
www.pensionqualitymark.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The first seven schemes to be awarded the PQM received their award
from Minister of State for Pensions and the Ageing Society, Angela Eagle MP
Nigel Peaple, NAPF director of policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2010 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 25, 2000

Thousands may miss pension cover

BYLINE: Enoch Yiu

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 721 words


Most daily-paid workers are at risk of not being covered under the Mandatory
Provident Fund (MPF), according to the scheme's oversight body.

The Mandatory Provident Fund Authority (MPFA) said only 200 employers from a
total of 10,000 have signed up with the two industry schemes tailor-made for
daily-paid workers in the catering and construction industries.

The authority fears that many of the 190,000 workers affected might not be
covered by the soon-to-be launched pension schemes.

MPFA executive director Ernest Lee Shu-wing said daily-paid workers would not be
covered by the normal MPF schemes.

Among the 300,000 construction workers, more than half are casual workers and 20
per cent of the 200,000 food and beverage workers are daily-paid.

The MPF requires 300,000 local companies which do not have a pension scheme to
establish an MPF plan for their 2.2 million workers.

Daily-paid casual workers will be excluded from the normal MPF plans because
under the MPF Ordinance, an employer does not need to offer staff an MPF master
scheme until they have worked continuously for 60 days.

Under the industry schemes, workers who work just one day for a restaurant or a
construction site will have to be included in the pension plans.

The 48 MPF master schemes provided by the 20 MPF trustees are designed for
monthly-paid workers. Casual workers who are often paid in cash on a day-to -day
basis would not fit into these schemes.

As a result, the Government appointed Bank of East Asia (BEA) and Bank
Consortium Trust (BCT) in April to set up two industry schemes for the catering
and construction sectors - which have large number of daily-paid workers.

Mr Lee said he was worried that the low take-up in the industry scheme might be
due to MPF providers' sales agents misleading restaurant owners or the
construction companies. "In a bid to secure more business, some of these agents
may mislead the employers that their master schemes could offer services for the
daily-paid workers while it is not the case," Mr Lee said.

"It would create a lot of disputes between employers and their MPF providers if
they found out that the MPF master schemes do not cover their daily-paid
workers. The MPF providers should make sure their sales agents do not mislead
the employers."

He urged all employers in the two sectors to sign up with the industry schemes
for their daily-paid workers, even if they had already signed up with a master
MPF scheme for their permanent staff.

MPF providers argued that they had not misled the employers. AXA China Region's
MPF head Alex Cheung Kim-fung said it told its MPF clients - Chinese restaurant
chain Federal Restaurant Group and Japanese restaurant chain Genryoku Sushi -
that its master schemes would not cover daily-paid workers.

He said both would sign up with an industry scheme for casual staff.

Both BEA and BCT are disappointed with the sales of the industry schemes.

While the two banking groups have signed up thousands of employers for their MPF
master schemes, they could sell only a handful of industry schemes. Bernard
Charnwut, the chairman of BCT - which is owned by 10 local banks - said it had
signed up several thousand companies with more than 100,000 employees for its
MPF master schemes. But it had signed up only about 100 firms with several
thousands of employees in its industry schemes.

"This was because we face a lot of competition from other providers that offer
their MPF master schemes to the restaurant owners," he said.

He said many restaurants had many permanent staff but hired only a few casual
staff who worked during the weekends or for wedding banquets. As a result, they
would be more interested to sign up with a master plan.

In addition, he said, many construction workers worked at different construction
sites every day, resulting in the industry scheme providers not being able to
sell the pension scheme to them.

BEA executive director and deputy chief executive Chan Kay-cheung shares the
same view. While it has sold thousands of MPF master schemes, only a few
companies have signed up with its industry scheme.

Mr Lee said the authority would launch an advertising campaign to heighten
employers' awareness of the industry schemes for their daily paid workers.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              570 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               February 18, 1998

Employers not obliged to set up schemes

SECTION: Letters To The Editor; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 391 words


I refer to Mohan Selva's letter which appeared in the South China Morning Post,
on February 10, headlined, "Close retirement fund loophole". It is evident that
Mr Selva misunderstands the legislative intent of the Occupational Retirement
Schemes Ordinance (ORSO).

I should be grateful for an opportunity to clarify the relevant issues.

The ORSO provides a registration system for voluntarily established occupational
retirement schemes with the objective of providing greater certainty that
retirement scheme benefits promised to employees will be paid when they fall
due.

It does not impose any obligation on employers to set up occupational retirement
schemes. Nor does it specify any minimum level of benefits. However, to protect
the interests of scheme members, the ORSO specifies the registration
requirements for compliance by employers and scheme administrators. These
include the requirements for the employers to make contributions towards the
scheme assets in accordance with the terms of the scheme; segregation of the
scheme assets from the assets of any interested parties; independent
trusteeship; adequate funding, and periodical independent audit and actuarial
reviews of the financial position of the schemes.

Investment of scheme assets is a matter to be dealt with by the parties
concerned, that is, employees, employers and administrators. The registration
requirements under the ORSO are not intended to provide a guarantee against any
reduction in the value of the benefits arising from, amongst other things,
losses in investment.

Clearly, it is in the interests of employees to ensure that the scheme assets
are invested in accordance with prudent principles and that they are involved
closely in the monitoring of the investment performance of the schemes.

In view of the voluntary nature of occupational retirement schemes, there is no
statutory provision prohibiting an employer from terminating or winding up its
scheme. Upon dissolution of a scheme, the employer's obligation to contribute
towards the amount of benefits payable to members is governed by the terms and
rules specified in the scheme documents. If the employer fails to discharge his
contractual obligations the scheme members may bring legal action against him.

ALAN WONG

Registrar of Occupational Retirement Schemes

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1998 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              571 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               February 18, 1998

Employers not obliged to set up schemes

SECTION: Letters To The Editor; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 391 words


I refer to Mohan Selva's letter which appeared in the South China Morning Post,
on February 10, headlined, "Close retirement fund loophole". It is evident that
Mr Selva misunderstands the legislative intent of the Occupational Retirement
Schemes Ordinance (ORSO).

I should be grateful for an opportunity to clarify the relevant issues.

The ORSO provides a registration system for voluntarily established occupational
retirement schemes with the objective of providing greater certainty that
retirement scheme benefits promised to employees will be paid when they fall
due.

It does not impose any obligation on employers to set up occupational retirement
schemes. Nor does it specify any minimum level of benefits. However, to protect
the interests of scheme members, the ORSO specifies the registration
requirements for compliance by employers and scheme administrators. These
include the requirements for the employers to make contributions towards the
scheme assets in accordance with the terms of the scheme; segregation of the
scheme assets from the assets of any interested parties; independent
trusteeship; adequate funding, and periodical independent audit and actuarial
reviews of the financial position of the schemes.

Investment of scheme assets is a matter to be dealt with by the parties
concerned, that is, employees, employers and administrators. The registration
requirements under the ORSO are not intended to provide a guarantee against any
reduction in the value of the benefits arising from, amongst other things,
losses in investment.

Clearly, it is in the interests of employees to ensure that the scheme assets
are invested in accordance with prudent principles and that they are involved
closely in the monitoring of the investment performance of the schemes.

In view of the voluntary nature of occupational retirement schemes, there is no
statutory provision prohibiting an employer from terminating or winding up its
scheme. Upon dissolution of a scheme, the employer's obligation to contribute
towards the amount of benefits payable to members is governed by the terms and
rules specified in the scheme documents. If the employer fails to discharge his
contractual obligations the scheme members may bring legal action against him.

ALAN WONG

Registrar of Occupational Retirement Schemes

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1998 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              572 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               February 18, 1998

Employers not obliged to set up schemes

SECTION: Letters To The Editor; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 391 words


I refer to Mohan Selva's letter which appeared in the South China Morning Post,
on February 10, headlined, "Close retirement fund loophole". It is evident that
Mr Selva misunderstands the legislative intent of the Occupational Retirement
Schemes Ordinance (ORSO).

I should be grateful for an opportunity to clarify the relevant issues.

The ORSO provides a registration system for voluntarily established occupational
retirement schemes with the objective of providing greater certainty that
retirement scheme benefits promised to employees will be paid when they fall
due.

It does not impose any obligation on employers to set up occupational retirement
schemes. Nor does it specify any minimum level of benefits. However, to protect
the interests of scheme members, the ORSO specifies the registration
requirements for compliance by employers and scheme administrators. These
include the requirements for the employers to make contributions towards the
scheme assets in accordance with the terms of the scheme; segregation of the
scheme assets from the assets of any interested parties; independent
trusteeship; adequate funding, and periodical independent audit and actuarial
reviews of the financial position of the schemes.

Investment of scheme assets is a matter to be dealt with by the parties
concerned, that is, employees, employers and administrators. The registration
requirements under the ORSO are not intended to provide a guarantee against any
reduction in the value of the benefits arising from, amongst other things,
losses in investment.

Clearly, it is in the interests of employees to ensure that the scheme assets
are invested in accordance with prudent principles and that they are involved
closely in the monitoring of the investment performance of the schemes.

In view of the voluntary nature of occupational retirement schemes, there is no
statutory provision prohibiting an employer from terminating or winding up its
scheme. Upon dissolution of a scheme, the employer's obligation to contribute
towards the amount of benefits payable to members is governed by the terms and
rules specified in the scheme documents. If the employer fails to discharge his
contractual obligations the scheme members may bring legal action against him.

ALAN WONG

Registrar of Occupational Retirement Schemes

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1998 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              573 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 5, 1991 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

PRIVATE OR COMPANY SUPER? TAKE CARE

BYLINE: PETER FREEMAN

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 1287 words


THE DECISION about whether or not to join your employer's superannuation scheme
can be a difficult one.

This stems mainly from the fact quite a few schemes have one major drawback-
they pay out very little unless you stay with the company for many years.

People who leave before the minimum term has been reached receive back
relatively little; in some cases they simply get back their own contributions
and a small interest component.

Given this, employees who aren't absolutely committed to making a career with a
particular employer have good reason to stay out of the superannuation scheme,
despite the fact this means they miss out on the possibility of getting a big
employer-funded payout in the future.

Fortunately, an increasing number of employers are upgrading their schemes so as
to give employees who resign early a much better deal. To do this they are
changing what are known as the vesting provisions of the schemes.

These set down what an employee is entitled to from the superannuation fund
should he or she leave before retirement.

A really good scheme gives 100 per cent vesting immediately. That is, an
employee who joins the superannuation scheme is entitled to all the employer's
contributions, as well as all investment earnings and his or her own
contributions, no matter when they leave the company.

If this is the situation it is sensible to join the scheme immediately so as to
maximise the contributions you get from your employer.

Most employer-run superannuation schemes are less generous than this, usually
giving full vesting after 10 to 20 years. For example, a scheme giving it after
10 years would phase in vesting by giving 10 per cent each year. This means that
after, say, three years you would get back 30 per cent of the employer's
contributions plus investing earnings.

According to Mr Noel Davis, a tax and superannuation partner with a leading law
firm, Clayton Utz, a scheme that gives full vesting after 10 years, achieved by
giving 10 per cent for each year of service, is worth joining. "Provided you
don't think you will leave within the first few years this sort of
superannuation scheme has a lot to offer and you are usually best advised to
join," he says.

The crucial point is that you should carefully check on the scheme's vesting
provisions before signing up since these largely determine whether or not it is
worth joining.

If, for the purpose of this analysis, we assume that the vesting provisions of
the scheme are adequate, it is almost always better to join your employer's
superannuation scheme rather than contribute to a private scheme run by a life
insurance company, bank or other fund manager. This is true whether you make
regular contributions or simply invest in single premium superannuation
bonds(see main story).

The reason for this can be best seen by looking at a fairly typical example of a
reasonable company scheme and comparing it to a standard, privately-run super
scheme.

The company scheme, like most of those operating at present, is assumed to be an
accumulation fund. That is, it involves the employer and employee putting money
into the scheme and this money being invested, with the employee getting the
total amount invested and the investment earnings.

This can be contrasted to a defined benefit scheme, where the amount paid out is
set in advance and is usually expressed as a multiple of your final salary. Most
public service schemes operate like this.

In our example, the employer puts in an amount equal to 5 per cent of the
employee's salary, with the employee being required to contribute the same
amount.

This means that for someone getting an annual salary of $30,000, the employer
would contribute $1,500 a year.

Mr Graham Horricks, a superannuation consultant with actuarial firm TPF&C, says
that many employer schemes are in fact more generous than this, with the
employer giving more than simply a dollar for every dollar contributed by the
employee.

"They usually also give very cheap life insurance cover which isn't subject to a
rigorous health check. This is an important additional attraction."

However, under superannuation tax law, the money contributed by the employer is
hit by a 15 per cent upfront tax resulting in a net gain for the employee of
$1,275. In order to get this the employee has contributed $1,500.

In other words, for his $1,500 worth of contributions the employee ends up each
year with $2,775 in the scheme ($1,500 plus $1,275), which means the employee
gets just on $1.82 for every dollar he or she puts into the scheme.

Now compare this to the alternative of not joining the employer's scheme but
instead contributing to a private superannuation scheme, such as those operated
by the big life insurance companies and banks.

These schemes give the option of simply investing in single premium super bonds
or signing up to make regular contributions.

The most important feature of such schemes is that, provided your only
employer-funded superannuation is the 3 per cent award super, you can get a full
tax deduction on the first $3,000 worth of contributions.

For someone earning $30,000, whose marginal tax rate is 39.75 per cent(including
the Medicare levy), this concession would give a tax refund $1of,192 on
contributions of $3,000. In other words, the net cost would $1be,808.

However, there would be an upfront fee of around 5 per cent charged by the life
company or bank managing the scheme, which would reduce the $3,000 contributed
to $2,850. Then there would be the Federal Government's upfront tax of 15 per
cent, cutting this reduced amount to $2,423.

In other words, our superannuation contributor would have spent a $1net,808 in
order to get a final amount invested in superannuation of $2,423.

While this is a fairly attractive deal, it means he or she would have received
only $1.34 for every $1 invested compared with $1.82 for every $1 by opting for
the alternative of joining the employer's superannuation fund.

The gap here would narrow if the employee was on the top tax bracket of 48.25c
in the dollar since this would give a tax refund of $1,448 and so a net cost of
$1,552. In this situation, every $1 contributed to super would give a net amount
invested of $1.56.

While this is better, it is still a smaller return than if the employee had
joined the company scheme.

The main advantage of the private superannuation scheme is that it is
immediately fully vested, that is, all the money invested together with all
investment earnings belong to the contributor from the first day.

However, while the money is the contributor's it can't be withdrawn until the
age of 55, and only then if he or she retires. In other words, the money is
fully preserved until retirement. This means that the contributor has the right
to stop making contributions at any time (although it is important to check the
manager doesn't impose penalties for doing so) and/or transfer it to another
scheme.

Mr Davis of Clayton Utz points out that quite a few employer schemes are more
flexible than this since, if the contributor resigns, they allow all the money
in the superannuation scheme to be withdrawn.

"While taking this in cash will result in the payment of lump sum tax, it still
means the employee has greater access to the money accumulated in the fund."

However, he cautions that, as is usually the case with superannuation, the
situation isn't quite as clear cut as this since there are a range of rules
applying to preservation and these should be checked before you decide to join
your employer's scheme.

Nevertheless, the financial sums mean that, provided your employer's scheme
gives a good level of vesting, it is likely to offer a better deal than the
alternative of joining a private superannuation scheme.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Illustration by MICHAEL MUCCI.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 992 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                              State Bank of Mysore

                                    K.G.Road
                                Bangalore 560094
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is commercial bank based in India. It is one of
the associate banks of State Bank of India. The bank provides a range of banking
and other financial products and services. Its portfolio of products includes
personal loans, mortgage loans, housing loans, educational loans, scholar loans,
car loan schemes, gold loan schemes, scheme for trades, corporate loans,
marketing loans, current accounts and savings accounts. Furthermore, the bank
offers term deposits, recurring deposits, agriculture, banking schemes, loans
for micro and small enterprises (MSE), mutual funds, life insurance and general
insurance. It also offers foreign exchange services, NRI services and internet
and mobile banking services. Through these products and services, the bank
serves its clientele comprising individuals, corporate, NRIs, and micro and
small enterprises. It distributes its products and services through a network of
branches, ATMs and extension counters. The bank is headquartered in Bangalore,
India.

   During FY2014-15, the bank opened 71 new branches and 227 ATMs. The bank
upgraded its Ahmadabad branch to corporate network grade in FY2015.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



SBM is a provider of banking and other financial products and services based in
India. The bank is a subsidiary of State Bank of India, a multinational banking
and financial services bank based in India. It offered its products and services
through a network of 1,015 branches and 1,327 ATMs across India as of March
2015.

The bank offers its products and services under three divisions: Deposits,
Advance and NRI/FOREX services.

The bank, through its Deposit division, provides deposit products and services
such as high earning fixed deposits, My-bank Suraksha Savings plus Account,
Mybank Suraksha Time Deposit Account, Centenary Liquid Term Deposit, term
deposits, recurring deposits, and Saral Savings Bank Account services.

The Advance division is further classified into four sub-divisions: Personal
Banking, Commercial and Institutional Banking Scheme, Agricultural Scheme and
Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs). The Personal banking sub-division offers
personal loans, mortgage loans, housing loans, education loans, scholar loans,
loan for purchase of residential site and plot, personal loan scheme to
teachers, loan to police personnel, loan to celebrate festivals, and car loan
scheme for purchase of new and used cars. It also offers product for high cost
treatment, loan scheme for journalists and loan for pilot and air hostess
training and advance for employed persons to undertake higher studies.

Through Commercial and Institutional Banking sub-division, it provides scheme
for trades, handy loan scheme, corporate loans, current account plus, rent plus,
and fair practices code for lenders. The bank, under its Agricultural
sub-division, provides kisan gold card scheme, kisan credit card scheme, gramin
bhandaran yojana, scheme for combined harvesters, kisan chakra scheme, solar
photo voltaic pumpsets for irrigations, scheme for purchase of land for
agricultural purposes, scheme for development of vanilla, produce marketing
loan, swarna mitra scheme, scheme for cultivation of gherkins, scheme for
financing LPG connection in rural areas, scheme for financing to tenant farmers
and oral lessees, rain water harvesting scheme for SC/ST farmers and scheme for
financing to cultivation of patchouli and general credit card. Through MSE's
sub-division, the bank provides loans for micro and small enterprises.

The bank's NRI/FOREX services division provides NRI and FOREX services.

The bank classifies its business operations into three reportable divisions:
Treasury, Corporate and Wholesale Banking, and Retail Banking. The bank's
Treasury division is involved in sale of investments, foreign exchange
transactions, equities, derivatives and money market operations. In FY2015, the
Treasury division reported revenues of INR16.8 billion, accounting for 21.8% of
the bank's total revenues.

The bank's Corporate and Wholesale Banking division offers lending and deposit
products and services to corporate customers. In FY2015, the Corporate and
Wholesale Banking division reported revenues of INR32.4 billion, accounting for
42.1% of the bank's total revenues.

The bank, under its Retail Banking division, provides lending and deposit
products and services to retail customers. In FY2015, the Retail Banking
division reported revenues of INR27.8 billion, accounting for 36.1% of the
bank's total revenues.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                              575 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

PYRAMID SCHEMES ON THE INCREASE AGAIN

BYLINE: Mpho Sibanyoni

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 475 words


SARB report says illegal 'banks' rose to 41 in 2015
 Business Reporter
 THE number of organisations being investigated for operating as get-rich-quick-
schemes is once again on the rise.


 The annual report of the South African Reserve Bank's (SARB) bank supervision
department released yesterday showed that the total number of organisations
under review for operating as illegal deposit-takers - also known as pyramid
schemes - rose to 41 in 2015 compared to 25 in 2013.
 The regulator has closed down 71 schemes since 2011.
 Speaking at the release of the report in Johannesburg yesterday, SARB deputy
governor Kuben Naidoo said the bank supervision department's lack of capacity
resulted in it being reactive rather than proactive in tackling pyramid schemes.

 "Our job is to supervise banks ... when somebody applies for a banking licence
we supervise them.
 "A banking licence allows you to take in deposits and sometimes we come across
people who pretend to be banks and have a banking licence or who take in
deposits illegally.
 "We do not have the capacity to be out there in the field to look at every
person who claims to be a bank or an investment destination that is taking
deposits."
 Naidoo said that once a pyramid scheme was shut down, participants would
generally get 20% of their investment.
 "In the next three years we would be spending a fair bit of money to try to
educate South Africans about illegal deposit-taking schemes, 419 scams, pyramid
schemes and Ponzi schemes to try to minimise the chances that people would
invest or deposit their money in illegal schemes.
 "Once a scheme is resolved, which can take many years, it falls off the list
and new ones would come on. The number could go down... because we have resolved
the schemes or it could go up ... because there are new schemes that have come
on.
 "[The increase in the number of schemes] is not really a reflection of
performance.
 "Some schemes involve hundreds of millions of rands and can take between three
to five years to resolve."
 The outgoing registrar of banks René van Wyk said there could be a collective
strategy to warn the public about get-rich-quick schemes.
 "It is amazing how gullible people are and how gullible they remain to be."
 He said pursuing get-rich-quick schemes required law enforcement authorities to
do everything by the book.
 "If you go in there not having followed the right process, the courts can
decide against you and the reason I stress the need for speed is that by the
time we get to close it down, investors' money is already gone.
 "There are very few schemes that we have finalised that resulted in big
dividends going to the investors," said Van Wyk.
 OUR JOB IS TO SUPERVISE: South African Reserve Bank deputy governor Kuben
Naidoo says the bank will embark on roadshows to raise awareness about pyramid
schemes PHOTO: Tyrone Arthur

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

PYRAMID SCHEMES ON THE INCREASE AGAIN

BYLINE: Mpho Sibanyoni

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 475 words


SARB report says illegal 'banks' rose to 41 in 2015
 Business Reporter
 THE number of organisations being investigated for operating as get-rich-quick-
schemes is once again on the rise.


 The annual report of the South African Reserve Bank's (SARB) bank supervision
department released yesterday showed that the total number of organisations
under review for operating as illegal deposit-takers - also known as pyramid
schemes - rose to 41 in 2015 compared to 25 in 2013.
 The regulator has closed down 71 schemes since 2011.
 Speaking at the release of the report in Johannesburg yesterday, SARB deputy
governor Kuben Naidoo said the bank supervision department's lack of capacity
resulted in it being reactive rather than proactive in tackling pyramid schemes.

 "Our job is to supervise banks ... when somebody applies for a banking licence
we supervise them.
 "A banking licence allows you to take in deposits and sometimes we come across
people who pretend to be banks and have a banking licence or who take in
deposits illegally.
 "We do not have the capacity to be out there in the field to look at every
person who claims to be a bank or an investment destination that is taking
deposits."
 Naidoo said that once a pyramid scheme was shut down, participants would
generally get 20% of their investment.
 "In the next three years we would be spending a fair bit of money to try to
educate South Africans about illegal deposit-taking schemes, 419 scams, pyramid
schemes and Ponzi schemes to try to minimise the chances that people would
invest or deposit their money in illegal schemes.
 "Once a scheme is resolved, which can take many years, it falls off the list
and new ones would come on. The number could go down... because we have resolved
the schemes or it could go up ... because there are new schemes that have come
on.
 "[The increase in the number of schemes] is not really a reflection of
performance.
 "Some schemes involve hundreds of millions of rands and can take between three
to five years to resolve."
 The outgoing registrar of banks René van Wyk said there could be a collective
strategy to warn the public about get-rich-quick schemes.
 "It is amazing how gullible people are and how gullible they remain to be."
 He said pursuing get-rich-quick schemes required law enforcement authorities to
do everything by the book.
 "If you go in there not having followed the right process, the courts can
decide against you and the reason I stress the need for speed is that by the
time we get to close it down, investors' money is already gone.
 "There are very few schemes that we have finalised that resulted in big
dividends going to the investors," said Van Wyk.
 OUR JOB IS TO SUPERVISE: South African Reserve Bank deputy governor Kuben
Naidoo says the bank will embark on roadshows to raise awareness about pyramid
schemes PHOTO: Tyrone Arthur

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    November 25, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ6: Electricity Charges Subsidy

LENGTH: 1039  words


Nov. 25 -- Following is a question by the Hon Wong Kwok-hing and a reply by the
Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury, Professor K C Chan, in the
Legislative Council today (November 25):

Question:

The Government introduced a total of four rounds of time-limited electricity
charges subsidy scheme (the scheme) in 2008, 2011, 2012 and 2013 respectively to
provide electricity charges subsidy to each residential electricity account. The
first three rounds of the scheme ended on June 30 this year, and the last round
will end on June 30 next year. In this connection, will the Government inform
this Council:

(1) of the balance of approved commitment, the number of the households which
did not use up the electricity charges subsidy and the average amount of unused
subsidy of such households, in each of the first three rounds of the scheme;
whether it has projected if there will be any remaining approved commitment when
the fourth round of the scheme ends; if it has projected, of the details;
whether it will consider distributing the balance of the approved commitment of
the various rounds of the scheme to the households concerned in the form of
cash; if it will consider, of the details; if not, the reasons for that;

(2) as some low-income families have relayed to me that the scheme helps reduce
their financial burden, whether the authorities will consider extending the
implementation period of the various rounds of the scheme to 10 years or until
the approved commitment is used up (whichever is earlier); if they will
consider, of the details; if not, the reasons for that; and

(3) as there are views that some members of the public may not pay heed to
reducing electricity consumption as there is still unused subsidy remaining in
their electricity accounts, whether the authorities will consider expanding the
coverage of the scheme by, for example, allowing members of the public to use
the subsidy to purchase energy-efficient electrical appliances so as to
encourage them to save energy; if they will consider, of the details; if not,
the reasons for that?

Reply:

President,

The Electricity Charges Subsidy Scheme (the Scheme) is one of the one-off relief
measures announced in the Budget of 2008-09, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14. The
Scheme provides a subsidy to over 2.5 million residential electricity account
holders in Hong Kong for payment of billed electricity charges. With the
approval of the Finance Committee (FC) of the Legislative Council, the
Government has so far provided four rounds of electricity charges subsidy with a
maximum total subsidy of $9,000 per residential electricity account. The
validity period of the Scheme has been extended to June 30, 2016 or until the
close of the relevant electricity accounts, whichever is earlier, lasting up to
94 months or about eight years.

My consolidated reply to the various parts of Hon Wong Kwok-hing's question is
as follows:

In 2008, a commitment of $8.8 billion was approved by FC for the Government to
implement the first round of the Scheme. Subsequently, the Government sought the
approval of FC for increasing the commitment for three times in 2011, 2012 and
2013 respectively for implementing the second to fourth rounds of the Scheme.
The total approved commitment for four rounds of the Scheme amounted to $22.3
billion and the outstanding commitment balance as at end October 2015 was about
$0.84 billion.

The Scheme has benefitted more than 2.5 million residential electricity account
holders in Hong Kong. According to the two electricity companies, over 90% of
the accounts had used up their subsidy under the Scheme as at end October 2015.
About 190,000 eligible active accounts still have unused subsidy of about $3,000
per account on average. Given the changing amount of unused subsidy of
individual accounts and their unpredictable electricity consumption in future,
we are unable to estimate the amount of outstanding approved commitment when the
Scheme expires on June 30, 2016. Even though a small number of accounts may not
fully utilise the subsidy, the electricity account holders should have already
enjoyed nearly eight years of free electricity supply by then.

We do not see any evident grounds to substantiate the claim that households may
tend to consume more electricity in order to use up the remaining balance of
subsidy before the Scheme expires, thus causing energy wastage. The Government
has always attached great importance to environmental protection. We hope that
households will, under all circumstances, be aware of the need to protect the
environment and continue to save energy.

According to the ambit approved by the FC and the scheme intent, the subsidy is
meant to be used to cover billed electricity charges under the same residential
electricity account. Suggestions such as paying out cash subsidy or expanding
the ambit of the Scheme to subsidise the public for purchasing higher energy
efficiency electrical appliances will deviate from the approved ambit of the
Scheme and the intent. There are also practical difficulties to implement.

As the Scheme is a one-off relief measure instead of a recurrent subsidy scheme,
it should have a time limit. Since the first round of the Scheme in 2008, the
Government has repeatedly extended the validity period of the Scheme to as long
as 94 months or about eight years. The subsidy was not meant to be a lump sum
cash grant but rather a subsidy for actual billed electricity charges within the
validity period. As such, we do not consider it appropriate to extend the Scheme
indefinitely or for an unreasonably long period.

We appreciate Members' concern about the arrangement of unused electricity
charges subsidy. There is still some time before the Scheme expires. Meanwhile,
residential electricity account holders may continue to use their unused
subsidy, if any, until June 30, 2016. We will keep in view the unused subsidy
and decide on the arrangements in the light of the overall economic situation
and the Government's fiscal position at a timely manner.

We will nevertheless continue to take into account the views of Members and
various sectors of the community on the arrangement of unused electricity
charges subsidy.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                                 June 11, 2015

Designing Performance Incentives for Your Business

BYLINE: Memory Nguwi

LENGTH: 1993 words


For incentive schemes to succeed, organisations need to institute a complete
culture change in the way rewards are managed.

IN a challenging economic environment like ours, the only way to ensure the
continued viability of companies is to focus on performance and reward it
accordingly.

What should be on the minds of executives is how they can effectively measure
and manage performance at all levels within their organisations. Organisations
need to design performance incentives schemes that drive business success.

The best option in rewarding employees is to invest in the development of
variable pay schemes that are directly linked to the achievement of the company
goals.

If your organisation has done well before there is no guarantee that you will
continue doing well in the future. The only way to guarantee future success is
to focus on issues of performance and rewards. Embracing an approach such as the
balanced scorecard that gives a holistic view of the company's key performance
drivers is a good starting point. Within this framework you are assured that the
things you are measuring will have a direct impact on the success of the
organisation. If you are still measuring performance for the sake of it you are
probably wasting your company's resources.

Routine performance measurement systems that have no bearing on the business
strategy of the organisation should be discarded now. Businesses should strive
at all cost to link the measurement of performance to the reward systems.
Incentives schemes should reflect the heightened interest and new thinking in
measuring performance.

The starting point in designing performance incentive schemes is to ensure that
you have an effective and objective system of measuring performance.

Your schemes should not reward people for achieving financial targets alone. It
should be designed in such a way that you also reward performance in those areas
that drive financial success like the customer, internal processes and your
people initiatives.

The underlying model today should be to build incentive schemes as an integral
part of your remuneration strategy, reflecting the belief that everyone in the
organisation can and should be expected to contribute to the company's success.

Besides the base pay strategy which, in actual fact, has little to do with the
individual's contribution to the business, organisations need to institute
variable pay schemes in order to drive business performance. In variable pay
schemes payout is contingent upon the achievement of clear business targets
resulting in no added cost to the business. In other words the schemes should be
self-funding.

In the design stage of the performance incentive schemes it is important to
ensure that there is buy-in from senior management. You can even start by
implementing incentives schemes to cover your senior managers and cascade it to
the other levels in stages. Incentives schemes that are based on targets that
people have no influence over will not lead to the desired business results. For
example most profit share schemes are based on measures that are independent of
employees and are driven by economic factors that employees have no control
over.

For incentive schemes to succeed, organisations need to institute a complete
culture change in the way rewards are managed. There is need to build a
performance culture that will help erase the historical emphasis on base salary
that seems to have permeated remuneration practices in the country. The truth is
employees are not yet ready to live with the risk of earning a moderate base
salary supplemented by performance incentives. For your organisation to achieve
that level of understanding there is need for careful planning in the design
stages and a well-coordinated communication strategy in the implementation
stages.

This will enable employees to see the connection between their efforts, the
overall business results and their share of the incentive scheme payout. Most of
the profit share schemes organizations that are operating at the moment have not
been designed properly. As a result employees get payouts based on a target that
they have not helped achieve. The end result is that the schemes do not benefit
the business at all in terms of improved performance. Schemes of this nature
create an entitlement mentality since there is no noticeable link between the
achievement of business targets and their effort.

It is also important to note that incentives schemes are not a substitute for
bad management practices. The incentive scheme will only add value in a business
that has a well-coordinated business strategy. Copying what other organisations
are doing will not help either. You need to have a system that addresses your
own needs, hence the need to design a system specifically for your organisation.

If you are one of the CEOs who have not considered the option of paying
employees part of their remuneration as a variable component to support better
business performance, it is high time you got over that hurdle. Successful
companies are those that are seeking and designing creative compensation systems
that reinforce business results.

Compensation models that are dependent on the base salary served our country
well in the past. Now is the time for industry to design performance incentives
that drive business results.

The truth is employees want to work for successful organisations. What they need
is guidance from the executive on how to achieve success, hence the need for the
latter to take a leading role in ensuring that the company achieves business
results and people are rewarded accordingly.

There has been a drastic increase in the number of companies operating employee
profit share schemes. While the use of incentive schemes such as profit sharing
is prevalent in a number of organisations, the impact of such schemes on
employee behaviour and company performance remains unclear. This in some cases
has resulted in some companies withdrawing such schemes because they could not
sustain them in the face of dwindling profit margins.

A number of organisations have introduced incentive schemes in a bid to shift a
portion of their payroll costs to variable pay. In most profit share schemes,
payout is determined by one or two financial measures and the distribution of
proceeds is tied to each employee's pay as a percentage of the total payroll.
Group schemes like profit share fail to specifically direct or reward individual
employee behaviour.

As a result, such schemes have produced somewhat limited effects with respect to
improvements in employee performance or company profitability. These schemes do
not differentially reward individuals who perform well compared to the poor
performers. This fact alone can increase perceptions of inequity in the whole
remuneration structure.

Another problem with ordinary profit share schemes is that there is very little
effect on employee behaviours, so there is little or no impact on company
profitability. In most cases profitability of the company is so remote from the
average effort of employees on the job. Profits are generally impacted on
heavily by a number of other factors such as company strategy, interest rates
etc, that are totally outside the control of ordinary employees.

When it comes to designing performance based pay systems, companies normally
face the dilemma of whether to reward individual or team performance. The
downside of rewarding individuals is that, cooperation between them may become a
problem. On the other hand, if you reward the team, it might promote free rider
behaviour and demoralize the high performers.

The best option out of this dilemma is to come up with a profit share scheme
that takes into consideration both team and individual performance. Key measures
to be used for the scheme should cover the key drivers of the business i.e.,
financial, customer, people and internal business processes.

This allows employees to focus on a set of balanced performance measures that
drive overall company business goals.

One such scheme is called the Financially Funded Goal Sharing Scheme. In this
scheme payout potential is determined by a measure of profitability, just as in
profit share. However, the payout is conditional i.e. tied to the achievement of
additional goals that are more meaningful to and controllable by employees. The
latter will have to earn their profits by achieving various performance goals.

How does such a scheme work? If you achieved your profit targets as a company,
you will have a gross profit share allocation that will be distributed only on
condition that you have achieved other goals such as operating income, operating
costs, value of new business, customer satisfaction index (e.g. 95 percent) and
level of skills growth in the organisation.

Without passing the above hurdles no profit payouts will be made. In such
schemes companies normally share 5% or so of their target net profit and maybe
eight percent of any profit above target. Whatever figure comes out of this
process forms the company's gross profit share allocation.

he gross profit share allocation is then deposited into a pool called the net
profit share allocation on the basis of achievement of a number of other goals.
Each goal is allocated a priority weight that determines how much will be shared
as a result of the company having achieved that goal.

How much does each individual get then? What each employee will get depends on
their individual performance. Depending on the rating scale you are using in
your performance appraisal system you can allocate the percentage points per
rating that each individual employee will get.

These percentage points will be used in a formula that includes net profit share
allocation and total salary bill. For this system to be effective you need to
have a performance measurement system that is linked to key performance drivers
of your business and it should be credible in the eyes of employees.

The major advantage of such a scheme besides fostering teamwork is that it
ensures that the company will not share the profit (the gross profit share
allocation) when other measures on the company's scorecard are below the
targeted performance. This setup ensures that at no time will the company share
profits when its survival is in danger even though they have made profits.

Profit sharing schemes are normally established to encourage greater financial
performance and the need to lower relative labour costs. They also create a
sense of common fate that normally help in erasing the entitlement mentality to
performance. For profit share schemes to succeed there must be management
credibility and trust otherwise the system will not work.

Participation of employees in the design stage is also critical, and this must
be supported by open communication system. Above all, scheme rules need to be
very clear outlining the conditions covered under the scheme.

Organisations need to realise that profitability years are rare hence there is a
need to manage employee perceptions and expectations. In most cases employees
end up viewing the plan as a guaranteed benefit irrespective of the
profitability of the company. If the link between organisational profitability
and payouts is not clearly articulated it can create resentment.

Employees may also view it as a ploy by management to use the plan as a low pay
supplement. The existence of uncontrollable factors that impact on profitability
also affects the credibility of profit share schemes.

If all the necessary conditions for success are adhered to in the design stages,
profit share schemes can help the company motivate staff to achieve
organisational goals.

Memory Nguwi is the Managing Consultant of Industrial Psychology Consultants
(Pvt) Ltd a management and human resources consulting firm. Phone
481946-48/481950/2900276/2900966 or cell number 077 2356 361 or e-mail:
mnguwi@ipcconsultants.com or visit our website at www.ipcconsultants.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       July 18, 2014 Friday 10:38 AM  EST

LIVING STANDARD OF HANDLOOM WEAVERS

LENGTH: 592  words


NEW DELHI, July 18 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

As per handloom census (2009-10), there are 43.32 lakh handloom weavers and
allied workers in the country. The State-wise detail is given in Annexure-I.

To improve the living standard of handloom weavers and sustainable development
of handloom sector, the Ministry of Textiles, through various schemes and
programmes, has adopted focused, flexible and holistic approach by facilitating
marketing of handloom products, infrastructure development, brand building and
empowerment of weavers by organizing them under self help groups, training and
skill upgradation, infusion of new and contemporary designs through design
intervention as well as product diversification, technology upgradation, easy
access to raw material at subsidized prices and easy credit flow at low interest
rate etc., besides providing better health care and life insurance under welfare
schemes. With this objective, following schemes have been approved for
implementation during 12th Plan:

1. National Handloom Development Programme- two components:

(i) Comprehensive Handlooms Development Scheme ( 3 schemes of 11th Plan merged
into this scheme. These schemes were Integrated Handlooms Development Scheme,
Marketing and Export Promotion Scheme and Diversified Handlooms Development
Scheme).

(ii) Revival, Reform and Restructuring (RRR) Package for handloom sector.

2. Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme- two components:

(i) Health Insurance Scheme for access to health care facilities

(ii) Mahatma Gandhi Bunkar Bima Yojana for life insurance

3. Yarn Supply Scheme

4. Comprehensive Handloom Cluster Development Scheme

The details of schemes are given in Annexure-II.

* Omitted Annexures can be viewed at:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0

HANDLOOM WEAVERS COMPREHENSIVE WELFARE SCHEME

This scheme has 2 components namely Health Insurance Scheme (HIS) and Mahatma
Gandhi Bunkar Bima Yojana (MGBBY). The HIS aims at enabling the weaver community
to access healthcare facilities. The scheme covers not only the weaver but the
spouse and two children. It also provides outpatient (OP) treatment facility. On
the other hand, MGBBY aims to provide insurance cover to handloom weavers in the
case of natural as well as accidental death and in cases of total or partial
disability. A scholarship of Rs.300/- per quarter per child subject to two
children studying in standard IX to XII is also provided under MGBBY.

YARN SUPPLY SCHEME (YSS)

This scheme makes available all types of yarn at Mill Gate Price to the eligible
handloom agencies and the transport and depot operating expenses are being borne
by the Government of India. Further, to provide the subsidized yarn to handloom
weavers in order to compete with powerloom and mill sector, a new component of
10% price subsidy on cotton hank yarn, domestic silk yarn and woollen yarn is
also provided

COMPREHENSIVE HANDLOOM CLUSTER DEVELOPMENT SCHEME

Mega handloom cluster covers 25,000 handlooms and is developed at an upper GoI
share of Rs.70.00 crore each in a period of 5 years. So far, six mega handloom
clusters at Varanasi, Sivasagar, Murshidabad, Godda, Virudhnagar and Prakasham
(A.P.) have been taken up for development in handloom sector.

The information was given by the Minister of State (Independent Charge) in the
Ministry of Textiles Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar in a written reply in Rajya
Sabha today. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

JDA announces 5 new schemes; 180 farmhouses, 7k plots on sale

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 440  words


Poll-wary Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) launched four housing schemes and a
farm house scheme on Wednesday.

The schemes, which have been launched just a week before code of conduct comes
into force for general elections, would provide over 6,700 houses to the
applicants in general category.

The JDA is also eying over Rs700 crore as revenue to fund its budget
commitments. The application forms for the schemes would be available from
Friday, said JDA officials. JDC Shikhar Agarwal announced these schemes in a
press conference. "There was no JDA scheme in the last three years. People were
expecting. So, we gave them four housing schemes along with a farmhouse scheme.
These schemes have been announced on a single day because we were concerned that
the delay will lead to the process getting stuck up due to imposition of code of
conduct for general elections which is expected soon." Riohini Enclave scheme is
the biggest scheme to be launched on Wednesday. The scheme situated at Manpura
Gate (near Shrirampura at Phagi) promises 2,959 units with plot sizes varying
from 45 to 252 square meters. Rs7000 per square meter is the reserve price for
the general category. JDA has reserved 687 plots for people engaged in dairy
business. The approach roads of 40-60 feet have been proposed here for
connectivity.

The second largest scheme is Abhinav Vihar located near Titaria village in
Chaksu. It consists of 1,758 plots and plot sizes ranges from 54 to 252 square
meters. The reserve price is quite higher with Rs8000 per square metre. In the
same region the authority proposed Uday Vihar scheme near Udaipur village where
earlier Patrakaar Housing Scheme for journalists was planned. The scheme is
quite cheaper at Rs6500 per square meter. Here, 644 plots have been planed
ranging from 45 to 252 square meters area. The last housing scheme, Anand Vihar
has been proposed at Jaisinghpura near the Ajmer Road. The scheme is proposed to
be developed on around 250 bigha land and will have 1,510 plots. Around Rs8000
per square meter is the reserve price for purchasing plot here. Meanwhile the
JDA has also given option to the consumers to buy land to develop farm house.
Rohini Greens Farm House scheme has been proposed near Paharia village of Phagi
tehsil. It has been plotted with 181 farm houses. The average size of a farm
house ranges from 2,800 to 3,750 square meters and reserve price has been set at
around Rs4,000/ square meter. The JDA sources claimed that a farm house on an
average would cost between Rs1.25-1.5 crore. The allotment of the farm houses
would be done through auction process like the corner plots in the schemes.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday

Major proposed tax initiative approved by Prime Minister

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ and ZAHEER ABBASI

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 313

LENGTH: 862  words


Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf on Monday gave his approval to proposed 'Tax
Registration and Enforce-ment Initiative' aimed at documenting over 3.8 million
potential individuals, who belong to rich class but are out of tax net. Sources
told Business Recorder here on Monday that the 'Tax Registration and Enforcement
Initiative' would be placed before the Cabinet, which is expected to meet on
Wednesday (November 14), for its early submission to the Parliament.

Appreciating the FBR initiative, the PM commented that had the idea of the
registration scheme been materialised two years back, country's economy would
have been in a better shape. "We still have enough time for implementation of
scheme, which would be instrumental in raising tax-to-GDP ratio, expanding the
tax-base and raising revenue for the government," sources quoted the PM as
telling the FBR team.

The PM has also directed Ministry of Finance and FBR to prepare a formal summary
and put the scheme before the Federal Cabinet for approval. Following approval
of the 'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative' by the Cabinet, the scheme
would be presented before the National Assembly for formal approval. According
to sources, Finance Amendment Bill-2012 will seek powers to authorise the FBR
for making registration scheme and protection to the persons availing the scheme
from other laws such as National Accountability Ordinance-1999 and Foreign
Exchange Manual 2002 etc.

The Prime Minister, however, raised two basic questions about the scheme before
giving his approval to it. Tax authorities promptly responded to the queries of
the PM and explained the legal and technical implications of the scheme. The PM
asked how people would be encouraged to declare their assets and pay taxes under
new scheme if they believed that there would be a new amnest6y scheme after
every five years. The FBR Chairman responded that previously schemes were not
backed by authentic database and details of expenditure.

Schemes were not targeting potential persons on the basis of authentic
information whereas now the proper data was available for a targeted action
against persons, who would not avail the scheme. Moreover, previously action was
taken on the basis of income of a person, which was a time-consuming process and
now action would be taken on the basis of expenditures made by individuals. On
the basis of expenditures, the Board could easily determine their income for
taking targeted action against potential individuals. The scheme would also give
targeted punishment to persons who would not avail the scheme.

The PM also raised another question: How FBR would address the concerns of
individuals about their harassment at the hands of taxmen if they declared their
entire assets for availing amnesty under the scheme. Tax authorities responded
that the FBR would move a Bill in the Parliament for amendment in rules to give
legal backing to all features of the proposed scheme. In the past, no amnesty
scheme was rolled back. The Parliament would give its approval to the scheme and
there was no question of its rolling-back. Thus, no questions would be raised
about the declarations made under the scheme due to legal protection available
to them.

According to sources, the scheme had been approved in broader terms by the Prime
Minister and now the final details of the scheme would be modified on Tuesday
for its presentation before the Cabinet on Wednesday. During the meeting, the
FBR told that the blocking of the CNICs should not affect the basic rights of
the citizens. An FBR official responded that the citizens' basic rights would
not be suspended as only services of un-documented persons not availing the
scheme would be suspended.

Chairman FBR Ali Arshad Hakeem informed the meeting that tax collection had
doubled since 2008 from Rs 1 trillion to Rs 2 trillion this year. Moreover,
there had been an increase of 22% in the tax revenues this year as compared to
the last year. The Prime Minister said that the self respect of the tax payers
should be protected and a taxation structure aimed at enhancing revenue base
should be streamlined in a manner where culture of voluntary tax payment was
promoted. The PM further said that a large segment of Pakistan's economy had
been operating informally, depriving the national exchequer of its due share and
acting as a hindrance towards economic planning and development.

The Prime Minister said that demand for cars, luxury goods and housing reflected
the availability of wealth in the country. Unfortunately, however, country's tax
base was not commensurate with this phenomenon, he regretted. The Prime Minister
asked the FBR to plug leakage of taxes and bring elite groups of the society
into the tax net.

The meeting was attended by Dr Abdul Hafeez Shaikh Minister for Finance, Syed
Naveed Qamar Minister for Defence, Syed Khursheed Ahmed Shah Minister for
Religious Affairs, Farooq H. Naek Minister for Law, Dr Nadeem ul Haq Deputy
Chairman Planning Commission and senior officials. The FBR officials included
FBR Chairman Ali Arshad Hakeem, Senior FBR Member Tax Policy Asrar Raouf and FBR
Member Inland Revenue Ijaz Hussain Shah.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Kotak MF files document to launch "Kotak FMP Series 90-97"

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: India


India, April 12 -- Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund has filed an offered document with
SEBI to launch a new close ended debt scheme named "Kotak FMP Series 90-97",
each having a maturity time from 1 month upto 60 months.

The New Fund Offer (NFO) price for the scheme was Rs 10 per unit.

According to the offer document filed with SEBI, the entry load was nil and
since the scheme was planned to be listed on the National Stock Exchange or any
other exchange, the exit load charge will be nil. This suggests that the
investors wishing to exit may do so through the stock exchange mode.

The minimum application amount is Rs 5,000 and multiples of Rs 10 thereafter.
The two options available under the scheme are Growth and Dividend Payout
Option.

The performance of the scheme will be standardized against different benchmarks
depending on the maturity period of the scheme. Crisil Liquid Fund Index will be
the benchmark for schemes with tenure from 1 month upto 3 months.

Crisil Short Term Bond Index for schemes with tenure more than 3 months upto 36
months and Crisil Composite Bond Fund Index for schemes with tenure more than 36
months upto 60 months.

Abhishek Bisen and Mayank Prakash are two Fund Manager(s) for the scheme.

The asset allocation of scheme will be in such a way that the objective of the
scheme to generate returns will be achieved through investments in debt and
money market instruments with a view to significantly reduce the interest rate
risk.

The asset allocation for the schemes will also depend on the maturity period of
the scheme. For schemes with maturity upto 13 months, the scheme will allocate
60 to 100 per cent of assets in debt and money market instruments and 0 to 40
per cent in government securities.

For schemes with maturity more than 13 months and upto 36 months, the scheme
will allocate 50 to 100 per cent of assets in debt securities, 0 to 20 per cent
in money market instruments and 0 to 50 per cent in government securities.

The scheme will allocate 50 to 100 per cent of assets in debt securities, 0 to
15 per cent in money market instruments and 0 to 50 per cent in government
securities for schemes with maturity more than 36 months and upto 60 months.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited .

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2012 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical scheme must stick to its assurance to pay despite rules;
A medical scheme that authorised a member's treatment when she was not entitled
to the benefit in terms of the scheme's rules must honour that promise to pay,
the Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal Committee says. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 920 words


If your medical scheme authorises a procedure and indicates to you that it will
be covered, you should be entitled to payment even if it sub-sequently comes to
light that you are not entitled to the benefit. This appears to be the message
of a recent ruling by the Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal Committee that
was published in the council's annual report for 2009.

According to the annual report, a member of Liberty Health Medical Scheme was
granted authorisation for an elective dental procedure and was informed that her
bill of R6 200 would be covered in full.

But Liberty Health then discovered that the member had joined the scheme during
the year in which the procedure was carried out and therefore was not entitled
to the full dental benefit of R6 300. It pro-rated the benefit for that portion
of the year for which the woman had been a member and paid only R2 100.

The Appeal Committee found that five people from the scheme had told the member
that her account would be paid in full, and there was no mention of pro-rated
benefits.

The committee said that while benefits are governed by the scheme's rules, the
scheme could not seek refuge in its rules when its agents had misrepresented the
true position regarding the extent of the cover the member enjoyed.

Vuyani Ngalwana, the chairman of the Appeal Committee, said that if schemes were
allowed to misrepresent their products with impunity, this would be
unconscionable.

Craig Burton-Durham, the council's head of legal, says you should note that the
ruling deals with the circumstances of this case and it may not apply to all
instances in which pre-authorisation is given.

Clinical evidence upheld

In a case in which the Appeal Committee found for the scheme, a gynaecologist
prescribed medication for a Discovery Health Medical Scheme member who had
placenta praevia (the placenta was implanted in the uterus, causing potential
problems for both mother and baby).

The woman was then 25 weeks pregnant with twins, and she took the medication
until she was 29 weeks pregnant, at a cost of R97 689. According to the member's
legal representative, the medicine had an immediate positive effect.

However, guidelines published by the manufacturer of the medication state that
the medication should not be used for pregnancies under 26 weeks, has uncertain
results in multiple pregnancies, should not be used for more than 48 hours and
should not be used for placenta praevia. Discovery Health therefore ruled that
medical evidence did not prove that the medication would be effective for the
woman's condition and therefore was not covered in terms of the scheme's managed
healthcare rules.

The member's legal representative argued that the scheme had not provided the
member with the managed healthcare protocols.

However, Ngalwana said in his ruling that schemes are entitled in terms of
regulations under the|Medical Schemes Act to make use of managed healthcare
protocols in which individual clinical experience is integrated with the best
available clinical evidence.

Ngalwana agreed that the manufacturer's evidence had to be accepted in the
absence of any other evidence, and the Appeal Committee could not be moved to
"countenance experimental medication". He said the scheme was within its rights
to decline payment for the medication.

Costly non-disclosure

In another case that went on appeal, a 73-year-old Medihelp member had
dislocated her hip three times before her orthopaedic surgeon decided she needed
a hip replacement.

The member's option covered hip replacements only as prescribed minimum benefits
(PMBs).

Hip replacements qualify as PMBs only in cases where the hip is fractured, and
Medihelp therefore declined to pay.

However, the Appeal Committee took the view that the appropriateness, efficacy,
efficiency and cost-effectiveness of treating the|dislocated hip again rather
than performing a hip replacement should have been considered. The committee
directed Medihelp to submit information in this regard to it, but the scheme
failed to do so, referring again only to its rules.

The Appeal Committee therefore directed Medihelp to fund the hip replacement and
said the board of trustees should ask the chief executive officer and the
principal officer of the scheme to pay for the operation from their own pockets,
because they had failed to provide the information the committee needed.

Medihelp plans to appeal the ruling to the Appeal Board.

pre-existing conditions

Another case published in the council's annual report shows that|medical schemes
cannot take action against you if you fail to declare a condition on your
membership application form, unless the|scheme has proof that you had that
condition when you applied.

A couple applied to join Medshield in April last year and were admitted as
members from May. On June 18, their broker informed the scheme that the wife had
discovered she was three-weeks pregnant and had not known she was pregnant when
she applied to the scheme.

Medshield nevertheless imposed a 12-month condition-specific waiting period on
the woman.

The Registrar of Medical Schemes ruled that Medshield had to pay for treatment
related to the woman's pregnancy, saying the scheme had failed to prove that she
knew she was pregnant when she applied for membership.

The scheme appealed, and the Appeal Committee upheld the registrar's ruling. The
committee said Medshield could not treat the woman as if she had failed to
disclose her condition, without proving that she had been pregnant when she
applied for membership.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 31, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Latest appeal finds scheme must pay doctor in full for PMB

BYLINE: Laura du PreeZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 794 words


The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee has upheld the right of a
paediatrician to charge a medical scheme more for the treatment of a member's
dependant in an emergency medical condition than the rate at which the scheme
normally reimburses doctors.

South African Municipal Workers Union National Medical Scheme (Samwumed), a
restricted medical scheme for unionised municipal staff, lost an appeal it
lodged in an attempt to stop medical schemes being forced to pay whatever a
doctor charges to treat members in an emergency.

This is despite a ruling issued by the same appeal committee earlier this year
in favour of a medical scheme in a case dealing with very similar circumstances
- treatment in an emergency that constituted a prescribed minimum benefit (PMB).

The appeal committee decided in the Samwumed case that Samwumed was obliged to
pay in full for the services of the paediatrician, PA, who treated the premature
baby of a member of the scheme for respiratory difficulties.

In the earlier case of KY and the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems),
the committee found that Gems was not liable to pay KY, also a paediatrician, in
full for the services he provided to premature twin babies of a member of that
scheme.

The ruling in the Gems case was made by Vuyani Ngalwana, the former Pension
Funds Adjudicator, and echoes his dissenting ruling in the latest Samwumed
ruling.

Ngalwana's ruling is one of two dissenting rulings in the Samwumed case, which
was in the end heard by seven appeal committee members. The committee took five
months to reach a ruling and the members had long debates on policy issues,
Ngalwana says.

KY has appealed the Gems ruling and the Registrar of Medical Schemes, Patrick
Masobe, says the Appeal Board is likely to resolve the discrepancy between the
rulings.

Act's shortcomings

Paul Jammy, an advocate and the chairman of the appeal committee, says the
ruling "brings into focus a shortcoming in the Medical Schemes Act, which has
the effect that medical schemes may, in certain circumstances, be obliged to
meet the full cost of treatment provided by service providers despite the fact
that fees charged may at times be up to three times higher than the NHRPL
(National Health Reference Price List) rates".

Medical schemes are obliged to pay in full the cost of medical services you
obtain for any of the PMBs. Schemes can appoint a designated service provider
(DSP) and limit full cover to cases where you use only those providers. However,
in certain circumstances, such as an emergency, you are entitled to use any
service provider and the scheme is obliged to pay. In both of the cases heard by
the appeal committee, the babies needed emergency care.

The question that the appeal committee dealt with in both cases was whether the
regulations under the Medical Schemes Act required the schemes to pay whatever
the doctor billed or whether there was a limit on what they had to pay - being
the maximum rate at which the scheme reimburses doctors.

Jammy concluded that service providers cannot be forced to limit their charges
to those set by a scheme in its rules and neither can the appeal committee set
such a limit. He says it is not the job of the Council for Medical Schemes to
set limits for tariffs but it is rather the job of the Health Professions
Council of South Africa.

He admits that there is a problem with the regulations because "a service
provider, safe in the knowledge that a medical scheme would be obliged to meet
the fees charged for emergency treatment of PMB conditions, is able to charge
substantially more than the NHRPL provided he or she has not entered into an
agreement with the medical scheme in question to the contrary".

The Department of Health has proposed controversial steps to address this very
issue in the National Health Amendment Bill.

Ngalwana's dissent

Ngalwana in his ruling, however, sides with Samwumed, which argued that allowing
service providers to charge what they like goes against "the very spirit" of the
PMB regulations.

Echoing what he said in the Gems case, Ngalwana says the legislature set up
regulations allowing schemes to appoint DSPs to contain the costs of PMBs to
keep healthcare service costs down.

He says the legislature "could not at the same time have intended to nullify the
policy framework so carefully crafted to keep healthcare service costs down, by
quirkily permitting healthcare service providers to charge whatever fee they
please subject only to their own subjective notion on what is reasonable".

The suggestion that schemes take up cases where service providers charge
excessively with the HPCSA or the Competition Commission is "cold comfort" for
schemes and would result in their spending members' premiums on legal fees,
Ngalwana says.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               November 13, 2007
                                Surveys Edition

Premiums high on family budgets

BYLINE: Judy Gilmour

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 396  words


Premiums high on family budgets

MEDICAL scheme contributions take up increasingly large slices of household
budgets in SA. In some households, medical-scheme membership is the second
biggest monthly payment after mortgage repayments, says Graham Anderson, Profmed
principal officer.

"As a norm, medical inflation outstrips CPIX (inflation less mortgage bond
costs). In 2002 CPIX was estimated at 7%, with medical inflation estimated at
15%. The Council for Medical Schemes says that in 2006 CPIX was estimated at 4%
and medical inflation at 6%.

"So it is critical that members understand how schemes function, what they are
getting for their money and what will not be covered by membership."

Anderson says there are 41 open and 83 restricted medical schemes in SA, with a
total of more than 391 benefit options.

"Profmed is a restricted medical scheme but operates in the same environment as
open schemes. Membership of most closed schemes is compulsory as they are
usually employee-based schemes. Eligibility to Profmed, however, is by academic
qualification. This makes Profmed the largest restricted medical scheme for
graduate professionals in SA."

Beverley Carrozzo, Profmed scheme manager, says the scheme is favoured by
medical professionals but is open to all professions such as legal, accounting
and engineering.

"Membership is available to any person who has a four-year degree, or two
degrees that total more than four years of study that qualifies that person to
provide professional services. Students are eligible to join in their fourth
year of study at a reduced rate."

Profmed offers five options, ranging from a hospital option to options with more
comprehensive cover.

An executive option includes hospitalisation in private wards, with doctors paid
at 300% of the Profmed national reference price list, as well as chronic
benefits.

Carrozzo says the medical schemes environment has changed enormously since the
Medical Schemes Act of 1998 that introduced new compliance requirements for
medical schemes.

"A further challenge to medical schemes was the launch of the government
employee medical scheme (GEMS) in 2005. It is estimated that half of the members
of GEMS will have come from other medical schemes, leaving those schemes
vulnerable to operational risk."

Carrozzo says that medical schemes' trustees should stay in touch with proposed
legislative developments.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                January 5, 2003

Business & Media: Pensions to fall by a third

BYLINE: by Maria Scott

SECTION: Observer Business Pages, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 342 words


P ENSIONS will be slashed by a third in schemes being introduced by many
employers to replace traditional final salary schemes, claims a report published
tomorrow.

Bryn Davies, an actuary who advises trade unions, predicts a leaner future for
workers offered new money purchase pensions instead of the traditional type. The
new type relies on returns from stocks and annuities. There is no link between
pay at retirement and length of service as in final salary pensions.

Davies says: 'Many employers remain committed to final pay schemes. But if they
switch to a money purchase basis most take the opportunity to cut back on the
value of their employees' pension benefits. Their workers not only face a higher
risk from their new scheme, but are also likely to have a much lower income in
old age.'

Many companies making the switch allow existing employees to stay in final
salary schemes but close them to new staff. Several schemes Davies ranks among
the worst are run beside tra ditional ones. The newer ones are generally
'starter' pensions for people who may join or later become eligible for the
employer's main scheme.

Davies's report ranks the overall quality and value of benefits from more than
250 of the largest schemes. The ideal scheme is one with the potential to pay
pensions of up to two thirds of workers' final salaries. All of the schemes in
the bottom 10 are money purchase plans. The worst performer, says Davies, is
retailer Kingfisher, parent to Woolworths. The Kingfisher Trust scheme has ben
efits equivalent to only 25 per cent of the ideal schemes. However, Kingfisher
also runs a traditional scheme offering higher benefits.

Other schemes in the bottom 10 include the money purchase section of the Asda
pension scheme, the Boots Stakeholder scheme and a scheme operated by Johnson &
Johnson. The best company pension scheme is BP's 5:45 plan which produces
pensions 24 per cent better than those of Davies's target scheme. BP is followed
by BAT, and the MPs' Parliamentary Contributory fund.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              587 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          February 12, 1997, Wednesday

Limit to jurisdiction of Pensions Ombudsman

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1229 words


Court of Appeal. Westminster City Council v Haywood and Another

Before Lord Justice Kennedy, Lord Justice Millett and Lord Justice Swinton
Thomas

(Judgment January 28)

The Pensions Ombudsman had no jurisdiction to investigate a complaint concerning
a severance and compensation scheme by a former employee who was not in
pensionable service under that scheme, although he was in pensionable service
under the employer's superannuation fund.

The Court of Appeal so held in a reserved judgment allowing an appeal by
Westminster City Council against the decision of Mr Justice Robert Walker in the
Chancery Division ( The Times March 12, 1996; (1996) 3 WLR 563) upholding a
decision of the Pensions Ombudsman dated July 25, 1995 directing the council to
pay Jeffrey James Haywood Pounds 1,000 compensation for distress and
inconvenience following a reduction in his pension payments 10 months after he
was made voluntarily redundant.

A cross-appeal against the judge's decision to overturn the ombudsman's
direction that the council should reinstate the payments to what they would have
been, had they not been reduced and to pay back with interest such reductions
was dismissed.

On April 12, 1992, Mr Haywood was made redundant, which qualified him for
payments under the council's severance and compensation schemes. He received
superannuation fund payments under the Superannuation Act 1972 and payments
under a compensation scheme under the Greater London Council (General Powers)
Act 1968. By virtue of both, he received lump sums and in addition (a) an annual
retirement pension under the 1972 Act and (b) a compensation annuity under the
compensation scheme.

Subsequently the council received legal advice that the latter was in excess of
their power and accordingly, from February 1993, they reduced his compensation
scheme payments by Pounds 1,894.17 a year.

Mr Haywood complained to the Pensions Ombudsman, alleging that at the time he
was made redundant the council misled him about his pension entitlement.

Miss Elizabeth Slade, QC and Mr Charles Bear for the council; Mr Andrew Arden,
QC and Mr Jonathan Manning for the Pensions Ombudsman; Mr Haywood did not appear
and was not represented.

LORD JUSTICE MILLETT said that the first issue was whether the ombudsman had had
jurisdiction to entertain the complaint, seeing that the only payments to Mr
Haywood which were reduced, and the subject-matter of the only possible
misinformation or maladministration, were payments under the council's severance
and compensation scheme and not payments out of the superannuation fund.

Under the Pension Schemes Act 1993 the ombudsman had jurisdiction to investigate
and determine any complaint made to him by "an authorised complainant" being a
person who was or had been "in pensionable service" under the scheme who alleged
that he had sustained injustice in consequence of maladministration in
connection with any act or omission of the trustees or managers or
administrators of the scheme.

Mr Haywood was in pensionable service under the council's superannuation scheme.
He was not, however, in pensionable service under the severance and compensation
scheme.

He was not, therefore, "an authorised complainant" under that scheme considered
on its own. But the judge had held that the severance and compensation scheme
and the superannuation scheme should be regarded as together forming a single
scheme or arrangement for the purposes of the 1993 Act.

In his Lordship's judgment, it was beyond dispute that the two schemes were
originally established as distinct schemes, at different times, under different
statutory powers, subject to different statutory regimes, for different
purposes, and had always been separately funded.

There was no evidence that the two schemes were administered as one.
Accordingly, his Lordship would reverse the judge's decision and hold that there
were two schemes, not one.

His Lordship should not, however, wish it to be thought that he necessarily
accepted the premise of the ombudsman's argument that it would have made any
difference if the two schemes had been administered as one, or even if they had
been established from the outset as a single scheme.

It was very difficult to accept the notion that, by administering two schemes as
one, itself probably an act of maladministration, the council could confer on
the ombudsman a jurisdiction which he would not have if they had administered
them separately.

That was sufficient to dispose of the appeal and cross-appeal.

However, his Lordship wished to make some observations on the nature of the
remedy, if any, which would have been appropriate if the ombudsman had had
jurisdiction to entertain the complaint.

Restoration of benefits

The jurisdiction of the ombudsman was limited to the investigation and
determination of a complaint by an authorised complainant that he had sustained
injustice in consequence of maladministration in connection with an occupational
pension scheme.

If the ombudsman upheld the complaint, he could direct the trustees or managers
of the scheme concerned to take, or refrain from taking such steps as he might
specify.

It was implicit that the steps in question must be calculated to provide an
appropriate remedy for the injustice found to have been sustained by the
complainant. It was therefore necessary for the ombudsman to identify the
injustice in question and to determine whether it had been sustained in
consequence of maladministration before considering what steps were required to
remedy it.

If, as the ombudsman had found, the injustice consequent on maladministration
which Mr Haywood sustained had truly consisted in the financial loss which he
suffered as the result of the wrongful reduction of his pension, then it would
be impossible to quarrel with the view that this should be remedied by restoring
his pension to its former level and making good the loss suffered in the
interim.

But while the reduction in Mr Haywood's pension to the maximum which the council
could lawfully pay undoubtedly caused him financial loss it could not possibly
be said to have constituted maladministration; whereas even if the earlier
promise to pay an amount greater than the council could lawfully pay constituted
maladministration there was no evidence that it caused Mr Haywood any financial
loss.

Therefore, the judge was unquestionably right to set aside the ombudsman's
directions to restore his pension to its former level.

Compensation for distress and inconvenience

Even if the ombudsman had had jurisdiction to entertain Mr Haywood's complaint,
and even if he also had jurisdiction to award compensation for non-pecuniary
loss, his award of Pounds 1,000 to Mr Haywood ought to have been set aside.

Properly identified, the maladministration caused neither pecuniary loss nor
anxiety or distress, but the reverse. The most that could be said was that it
inevitably led to disappointed expectations.

The overpayments which Mr Haywood had received had fully compensated him for any
disappointment which he might have suffered by reason of the council's handling
of his entitlement to retirement benefits.

Lord Justice Kennedy and Lord Justice Swinton Thomas agreed.

Solicitors: Mr Colin T. Wilson, Westminster; Paisner & Co.


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              588 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  May 5, 1995

BYLINE: SIMON FLUENDY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 634 words


THE Government's plans to register employee pensions under the Occupational
Retirement Scheme Ordinance (ORSO) are in disarray as less than a quarter of an
estimated 20,000 schemes have applied for registration.

Less than five months of the two-year registration period is left to run but
only about 4,500 pension schemes have applied for registration out of more than
20,000 believed to exist. Employers were given two years from October 15, 1993
to register pension schemes.

Stuart Leckie, chairman of actuaries Wyatt Co, said the problem lay with the act
itself. "It is entirely right in its concepts but in practice it is a mess," he
said.

"It is far too complicated and it is entirely inappropriate for Hong Kong to go
from zero legislation to laws this complex," he said.

Mr Leckie warned that the scheme was turning into a bureaucratic nightmare.

Furthermore, with the Government's old-age pension scheme plans ruined by
opposition from Hong Kong's business community and a mandatory private-sector
system now under consideration, there may be huge knock-on effect to ORSO
schemes.

One proposal in a management consultant's report for the government is that
existing pension schemes cannot be made part of the proposed mandatory private
-fund system.

This would mean rebuilding some of the largest schemes in Hong Kong. The schemes
would have to operate under Hong Kong law so firms such as Swire and Hongkong
Telecom with big off-shore schemes might be forced to completely restructure at
huge expense.

The government wants to register employer-run schemes under ORSO to ensure
workers' retirement schemes are adequately funded and properly separated from
business assets.

The government estimates as much as $ 100 billion in more than 20,000 funds is
tied up in occupational retirement schemes. The 4,500 which so far have
registered represent about 20 per cent of the market total.

The ordinance was first considered in 1987 when Governor David Wilson introduced
proposals to register schemes. It was not until six years later that the
eventual ordinance passed into law.

"In the meantime, the legal draftsmen got to it," said Mr Leckie. "It became a
mess".

Mr Leckie said the bigger companies were keen to comply and many had, but
smaller companies and poorly run schemes were unlikely to want to rush to meet
the deadline.

S K Leung, registrar of occupational retirement schemes, said he too was worried
about late registration. "It is not just employers registering schemes late -
everybody tends to wait to the last minute to apply for things like passports,"
he said.

"If there is a last minute rush we will not be able to comply with the
deadline."

Mr Leung said the speed of applications was at last increasing.

In the three months to March 31, applications came in at an average of 560 a
month. In April, about 1,000 applications were received, he said.

Employers have no incentive to register early, but instead have incentives to
leave it to the last moment.

Even funds which are run to the industry's "best practice" are likely to need
alteration to conform to the ordinance.

Typically, this would cost a six-figure sum, according to one actuary.

If a scheme is not properly funded or the assets not separated from the
employer's business, a grace period is given for the scheme to be properly paid
up.

The longer registration is delayed, the longer companies see that the payments
can be put off.

Mr Leckie warned that the process of registering schemes was likely to get
tougher.

"A lot of the good schemes have been registered already, some of the remaining
schemes will be pooled schemes run by insurance firms but a lot will be small
funds - and not in very good shape."


 Employee pensions scheme in disarray

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1995 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              589 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 22, 2009 Monday
                                 First Edition

Emissions losers to be left in the lurch

BYLINE: Brian Robins

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 545 words


THE State Government is moving to shield itself from being sued for any losses
faced by investors because of the planned closure of the state's greenhouse gas
abatement scheme, which could leave many businesses out of pocket.

The state scheme is to be rolled into the Federal Government's planned emissions
trading scheme, although environmental credits earned by some of the earliest
investors in the NSW scheme will not be carried over, leaving them exposed to
significant losses.

The federal emissions trading scheme will be presented to the Senate this week,
but appears likely to be voted down.

In state legislation introduced with little warning last week, the State
Government flagged the planned wind-up of its scheme, which is expected to be
voted on in Parliament early this week, ahead of the winter break.

The scheme had been criticised for having little real impact in cutting emission
levels, and for supporting projects of limited merit.

In the most notorious case, millions of mini-fluorescent light globes were
distributed to households, most of which ended up in cupboards, not being used.
As a result, the price of the abatement certificates issued under the scheme
collapsed, throwing the market into chaos.

As well, many of the energy reduction plans implemented on the back of the
scheme would have gone ahead anyway, critics have argued, while the scheme also
supported some of the nation's worst polluters, such as the Hazelwood power
station in Victoria, of no benefit to NSW.

Cameron O'Reilly, of the Energy Retailers Association, has criticised the speed
at which the Government is pursuing the changes, and the lack of consultation.

"This is going to cost people money," Mr O'Reilly said. "Doing it post-haste,
without consultation, and indemnifying themselves as well sends the wrong
message about the way business is done in NSW especially with the Government
seeking to privatise the electricity retailers.

"There is no question the Government should have consulted more before this
progressed."

Those groups who took energy conservation measures early, in the precursor to
its scheme, are especially affected, and the Federal Government is anxious to
make sure they cannot join the federal emissions trading scheme when it is
launched.

Other states such as Victoria and Queensland have similar schemes, and they are
closely watching NSW moves to wind up its scheme, he said.

Under the federal scheme participants in existing schemes will not be
disadvantaged, but no compensation will be payable for so-called Category A
projects, which were around at the start of the scheme in NSW.

Backers of these projects "will therefore lose out on the value that could have
been realised from the creation of these foregone certificates", the state
Energy Minister, Ian Macdonald, told Parliament last week.

He also confirmed Integral Energy would be one of the companies affected.

"[The NSW scheme] has always been an invitation to rort," the Greens MLC John
Kaye said.

"Many of the activities accepted as supposedly reducing emissions would not make
the grade under the [federal scheme].

"The Rudd Government does not want its [scheme] corrupted by a flood of dodgy
NSW scheme certificates. It is clearly playing hardball with the State
Government to keep them out."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 1999 Alaska Bar Association
                               The Alaska Bar Rag

                            January / February, 1999

                                23 AK Bar Rag 23

LENGTH: 1447 words

BANKRUPTCY BRIEF: You can't cheat an honest man: Everything you want to know
about Ponzi schemes

NAME: Cabot Christianson

TEXT:
 [*23]  In Alaska, the words Ponzi scheme immediately conjure up Raejean Bonham
and her World Plus investment scam. Since it is Alaska's only Ponzi scheme in
anyone's memory, it sometimes conveys a sense of being a one-of-a-kind
phenomenon. But nationwide, Ponzi schemes are numerous. A recent book, You Can't
Cheat an Honest Man, by James Walsh (Silver Lake Publishing), provides an
entertaining and informative overview of Ponzi schemes that helps put the World
Plus scheme in perspective. It's a book well worth the read.

   Ponzi schemes have a strong - almost addictive - grasp on the people who
perpetrate them and the people who invest in them. Ponzi schemes also hold a
fascination for those who didn't invest because they offer a compelling example
of the power of self-delusion and denial.

   Many people learn the word "Ponzi" for the first time only after they have
been stung. Basically, a Ponzi scheme is a pyramid scheme where investors are
encouraged to invest in a "Great Idea" of one sort or another. Early investors
invest, and are rewarded with huge profits. More investors invest, and then
still more. After the bubble bursts, it turns out that investor #1 was paid off,
not by the proceeds of the great idea, but by investor #2's investment. Investor
#2 was actually paid off by investor #3. And so on. The early investors win big,
and the later investors lose big. Then the investors realize that they had
ignored huge red flags that should have warned them that the great idea was
unworkable.

   The original Ponzi scheme was started by one Carlo Ponzi in 1919, and remains
the standard, both in style and scope, by which later schemes are measured. The
magnitude of his scheme is breathtaking, and in relative terms hasn't been
equaled in this country since.

   In the early 1900s, a person could enclose a coupon with a letter to save a
correspondent the cost of return postage. An outfit called the International
Postal Union issued postal reply coupons that could be traded in for postage
stamps in a number of countries around the world. Ponzi figured that the coupons
could be bought cheaply in nations with weak economies and redeemed for a profit
in the United States. In other words, if you were in Spain you could pay one
cent for a coupon that you could then exchange for a six-cent U. S. stamp. The
idea was great but didn't work in practice because of red tape among postal
organizations.

   But when Ponzi explained his idea to others, they liked it. So in December,
1919, he began inviting friends and relatives to invest. He initially offered
50% interest in 90 days. In practice, he sometimes actually paid early to
placate investors' fears. He upped his return to 100% in 90 days.

   At the peak, he was taking in $ 1 million a week but owned only $ 30 of
postal coupons. His scheme crashed after some newspaper reporters asked the
right questions. The scheme crashed 10 months after it started, by which time he
had borrowed $ 10 million from 20,000 investors. The case is reported at
Cunningham v. Brown, 44 S.Ct. 424 (1924).

   Albania probably holds the global record for having the largest and most
destructive Ponzi scheme. In 1994, a single Albanian Ponzi scheme called Caritas
collapsed with more than $ 1 billion in debt to three million investors.

   Ponzi schemes are mathematically certain to fail, and therefore
mathematically certain to cause lots of people to lose lots of money. For this
reason, Ponzis are illegal. The federal agency that acts as a nationwide cop of
Ponzi schemes is the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 1995, the SEC
investigated 24 Ponzi schemes involving losses of more than $ 1 million, a
record for a single year. (The World Plus investors, in comparison, lost a total
of about $ 15 million).

   In fact, there are enough Ponzi schemes around that some standard patterns
can be identified. The book's great strength is describing a large number of
Ponzi schemes in detail without boring the reader. (The author has a lawyer's
tolerance for detail but is not a lawyer himself. I called the author's
residence and talked to his wife. "But he's from a family of lawyers," she
groaned.)

   The book is also full of armchair psychoanalysis of both the Ponzi
perpetuators ("perps," Walsh calls them) and the Ponzi investors. It is this
aspect of Ponzi schemes that is perhaps most compelling to most non-investors.
This book is better than any other I know of in attempting to explain, or at
least describe, the self-delusion and deception that exist on both sides of the
Ponzi investment.

   Not surprisingly, most Ponzi perps are persuasive, and have few scruples.
Walsh observes that they usually aren't particularly smart. They have an
insouciant smirkiness and jokey attitude that makes them convincing before the
crash, and helps perpetuate investor denial after the crash. They often have a
prior or subsequent involvement with fraudulent schemes. They have a fatalistic
sense of inadequacy that makes stealing more natural than earning.

   This profile fits Raejean Bonham. She was convicted of postal fraud (skimming
the postal till while she was a postal employee) in the 1980s. And shortly after
she was placed in involuntary bankruptcy, she applied to the Alaska Department
of Commerce seeking to trademark the name "Ponzi's World of Travel, How High Do
You Want to Fly?" for her postpetition sales of airline tickets.

   Walsh also explains how investors also define the Ponzi equation. Ponzi
scheme investors have a peculiar combination of greed and trust.

   It's hard to avoid the conclusion that Ponzi investors are moved by greed.
But Walsh observes that "the greed that leads an investor to make a foolish
investment in a Ponzi scheme may not be an obvious thing. In an age when 25-year
old computer software designers can become millionaires overnight and even
conservative investments like stock mutual funds have given investors returns of
30 percent or more in a year, many people lose perspective on how hard it is to
make money." He elaborates on this thesis over several chapters.

   Investors' trust of other investors is another important aspect of the
dynamics of the investment decision. Ponzi schemes thrive within groups of
people that have a special, intense level of trust for each other. This includes
members of the same racial or ethnic group, or the same church, or the same
occupation, or the same family.

   In the Bonham case, a sizeable number of investors were from the law
enforcement community. Many others were firefighters. Many others were members
of the same church. Others were members of Bonham's immediate or extended
family. The Bonham Ponzi scheme offers many illustrations of the book's premise
that people frequently decide to invest in Ponzi schemes when they see that
someone else from their "own group" has invested. This knowledge helps quell the
subconscious discomfort of sensing that the Ponzi investment is too good to be
true.

   Ponzi scheme investors are often told to keep their investments secret.
Secrecy is important for a number of reasons, one of them being that secrecy
reinforces the sense of trust between investors. After all, you only tell
secrets to people you trust.

   Ponzi schemes tend to cluster in a few industries. Walsh devotes separate
chapters to the several industries that, collectively, are responsible for the
vast majority of Ponzi schemes: (1) real estate; (2) new technology; (3) the
travel industry; (4) tax hedges and dodges; (5) financial planning; and (6)
precious metals, currency and commodities, and (7) charities and nonprofit
organizations.

   Walsh devotes an entire chapter to Ponzi schemes based on the travel
industry. He observes that "the travel industry might not seem like an obvious
place for Ponzi schemes to flourish - but it is. Travel has all the seductive
trappings any seasoned Ponzi scam artist needs to operate." Namely passion,
ease, privacy, and enthusiasm. He then describes a number of travel Ponzi
schemes. He briefly mentions Bonham's Ponzi scheme on page 55.

   Walsh does a good job of exploring the contours of Ponzidom and
near-Ponzidom. He discusses multi-level marketing and explains how Amway,
although very nearly a Ponzi scheme, has been found not to be. He describes the
Internet's potential for scams and Ponzi schemes. And the last chapter of his
book, titled "The Mother of all Ponzi Schemes," explains how the Social Security
System is basically an inter-generational Ponzi scheme.

   Walsh thoroughly covers the Ponzi universe, but somehow manages to stay
entertaining to the last chapter. If you are looking for "the" Ponzi book, this
is it.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Securities LawLiabilityInvestment SchemesPonzi SchemesSecurities LawU.S.
Securities & Exchange CommissionAdministrative ProceedingsInvestigative
AuthorityTax LawState & Local TaxesReal Property TaxCollectionGeneral Overview


                              591 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Black money schemes: How they stack up

LENGTH: 597  words


A comparison of Voluntary Disclosure of Income Scheme of 1997 and Income
Disclosure Scheme of 2016

A key difference between the two schemes was over the valuation of assets. In
VDIS 1997, the government permitted taxpayers to value the assets at market
rates prevailing in 1987 - i.e. 10-year-old valuations. In the IDS 2016, the
assets were valued at current prices, translating into potentially higher tax
revenues

@This amount is likely to go up when the full figures are finally tabulated

THE OTHER SCHEMES

Scheme: 1991 Black Money through NHB Bond

* Coverage: Depositing black money in National Housing Bank introduced by then
finance minister Manmohan Singh. Tax evaders to deposit money (for which no
disclosures will be sought) with National Housing Bank. 40% of the deposit will
be deducted and used to fund low-cost housing and slum clearance. Depositor will
be allowed to withdraw the remaining sum in one or more instalments for any
stated purpose with complete immunity

* Duration: Introduced in the Union budget speech on July 24, 1991, the scheme
was valid till November 30, 1991

* Declaration and sum collected: The scheme could secure deposits of only about
Rs 60 crore

Scheme: Voluntary Disclosure Scheme 1975

* Coverage: The VDS was announced in the shadow of the emergency. It allowed tax
evaders to declare their unaccounted incomes or wealth of any year without fear
of levy of interest, penalty, or prosecution under the various direct tax
enactments or the Gold Control Act. Tax on disclosed incomes was to be paid at
the rate of 60 per cent in case of companies and at slab rates of 25%, 40% and
60% in the case of others on incomes up to Rs 25,000; between Rs 25,000 and
50,000; and above Rs 50,000.

* Declaration and sum collected: The scheme resulted in disclosure of
unaccounted income of Rs 738 crore and unaccounted wealth of Rs 790 crore. Total
tax collected was about Rs 241 crore

Scheme: Voluntary Disclosure Scheme, 1965

* Coverage: In the backdrop of Chinese invasion of 1962, came another disclosure
scheme. This came to be known as Sixty-Forty Scheme, as it allowed disclosure of
unaccounted incomes by paying tax at the rate of 60% and retaining 40%, with
immunity from penalties and prosecution. The disclosures were kept confidential
and tax could be paid in two instalments over six months. Courts were prohibited
from compiling production of these declarations in any proceedings

*Declaration and sum collected: The scheme could bring out black money of a mere
Rs 52.11 crore and tax of Rs 29 crore.

Scheme: Voluntary Disclosure Scheme, 1951

* Coverage: In 1951, the country introduced the first Voluntary Disclosure
Scheme, also known as the Tyagi Scheme. Under this, assesses were allowed to
bring into books unaccounted cash before August 31, 1951, after giving
intimation to the Income Tax Office and paying tax on it without any fear of
penalty or prosecution under the tax law

* Declaration and sum collected: It resulted in disclosure of Rs 70 crore and
collection of tax of Rs 11 crore

OTHER BLACK MONEY SCHEMES

* The amount consists of two parts: unaccounted income of Rs 738 crore and
unaccounted wealth of Rs 790 crore

* The 1991 scheme required evaders to deposit money (for which no disclosures
would be sought) with National Housing Bank. 40% of the deposit would be
deducted and used to fund low-cost housing and slum clearance. Depositor was
allowed to withdraw the remaining sum in one or more instalments for any stated
purpose with complete immunity

Note: All calculations have been made by taking a flat average annual inflation
rate of 5%

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 2:14 PM GMT

UK Government outline pension options to help deal to save Port Talbot;
Stephen Crabb has published a consultation on options to deal with the deficit
of the British Steel Pension Scheme

BYLINE: By Sion Barry

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1214 words


The UK Government has today launched a public consultation looking at options to
deal with Tata's in deficit pension fund, which is being seen as a key condition
to achieving a successful sale of its UK steel business.

The consultation, which will run until June 23 - the day of the EU referendum
poll - has been launched by former Welsh Secretary and now Secretary of State
for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb.

Indian conglomerate Tata put its entire UK steel business up for sale in last
month. It is now evaluating a number of bids for the business in a sales process
being run by KPMG.

Related content: Still waiting for bidder short list

However, no bidder is understood to be willing to take on the existing defined
pension scheme because of its current deficit, estimated as being as high as
£700m.

Bids, which had to submitted on Monday, are understood to include those from
Excalibur Steel, Liberty House, JSW Steel and Greybull Capital.

Mr Crabb said: "I am publishing a consultation on options for the British Steel
Pension Scheme (BSPS).

"Britain's steel industry is an important part of our economy and this
Government is working to help the industry secure a long-term viable future.

"As part of this work we are considering the future position of the pension
scheme.

"The consultation includes a full range of options that consider whether and how
the scheme could be separated from the existing sponsoring employer and whether
it will be necessary to reduce the benefits within the scheme."

Indian conglomerate put its entire UK steel business up for sale in last month.
It is now evaluating a number of bids for the business.

Bids, which had to submitted on Monday, are understood to include those from
Excalibur Steel, Liberty House, JSW Steel and Greybull Capital.

Tata Steel UK (TSUK) welcomed the consultation.

HR director for its European operations, Tor Farquhar, said: "This is an
important step forward which would enable a better outcome for the vast majority
of members of the British Steel Pension Scheme than the benefits provided by the
Pension Protection Fund.

The consultation is also an important step that supports the prospect of
securing a sustainable future for Tata Steel UK's 11,000 employees.

"In particular, we welcome the inclusion of an option to change the way that
future payments in the scheme are increased. This option, which is fully
supported by the pension scheme's trustees, provides a way for the scheme to
continue to operate on a well-funded, low-risk basis indefinitely.

"The British Steel Pension Scheme was set up on the basis that pension increases
would be provided so long as they remained affordable.

"The proposed legislative changes would allow this unusual rule to operate as
intended. That means it's unlikely that a regulatory change would affect other
final salary pension schemes."

"The proposed option to change future pension increases would significantly
improve the funding position and risk associated with the British Steel Pension
Scheme.

"It also produces a better outcome for the scheme's members than entry to the
Pension Protection Fund. We believe, together with the scheme's trustees, that
this is in the best interests of the scheme's members, for both current and
future pensioners."

Related content: Excalibur confirms it is working alone on Tata bid

There are 130,000 members in Tata, TSUK, British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS),
making it one of the largest defined pension funds in the UK.

Of these:

Latest figures shows it has has assets of £13.3bn, but liabilities of around
£14bn, so has a deficit estimate, on a 'technical provision basis' of around
£700m.

And the deficit to buy out the benefits in full is estimated to be around
£7.5bn.

The consultation says that Tata, TSUK and the trustees of the BSPS all agree
that a separation of the fund from TSUK is necessary for securing a long term
sustainable future for the Port Talbot business.

Tata Steel latest news

It is clear that if the scheme continues to be underfunded, and lacks a
sponsoring employer, the most likely result is that the scheme will enter into
the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) and members will receive compensation
payments.

1. Separating the fund from Tata by using existing frameworks

Use existing regulatory mechanism to facilitate a separation of the BSPS from
TSUK through a so called regulated apportionment agreement (RAA).

This allows an employer to agree an apportionment of their debt in respect of
the pension scheme and continue to trade - sometimes under new ownership and
without those pension liabiilities.

This would need approval of the pensions regulator and the Pension Protection
Fund/

2. Payment of pension debts

Under the defined benefit pension scheme funding legislation, a sponsoring
employer can chose at any time to end their relationship with the scheme - even
if the scheme is in deficit.

However, the employer must pay to do so.

However, Tata have indicated that TSUK would not be able to make such a payment,
and that - having invested £1.5bn in capital expenditure, several billion in
operational and working capital support, and not having taken a dividend - this
would be unaffordable.

3. Reduce the scheme's liabilities through legislation

The UK Government could allow Tata and the fund's trustees to amend the scheme's
rules in order to reduce the levels of indexation - the annual increases in
pensions once in payment - and revaluation payable on future payment of accrued
pension rights.

This would allow trustees to reduce indexation and revaluation to the minimum
level required by law. To achieve this future accruals could be linked to the
lower CPI measure of inflation rather than the current RPI.

What would that mean for fund members?

Well, future existing pensioners would receive lower increases to their pensions
than they would under the current scheme rules, or possibly no increases at all.

Deferred members would also receive a lower increase to their preserved pension
when they reached normal pension age, and would then receive the lower increases
to their pension payments.

The consultation poses this question: "Is it appropriate to make modifications
of this type to members' benefits in order to improve the sustainability of a
pension scheme?

4. Transfer to a new scheme

This option would allow for bulk transfers without individual member consent to
a new scheme paying lower levels of indexation and revaluation.

However, the consultation document says that trustees have concerns about
getting individual member consent to a transfer.

It adds: "The sheer size of the scheme means that getting member consent for a
meaningful number of members would be difficult and the transfer would only be
viable if enough members consented to transfer."

The BSPS operates as a trust.

It is administered by B.S. Pension Fund Trustee Ltd, a corporate trustee company
set up for this purpose.

The assets of the scheme are held in the name of the trustee company and, as
required by law, are separate from the assets of the employers.

Fluctuations in asset values and the ways future liabilities are projected and
discounted mean that an underfunded scheme can move into surplus.

So the consultation document asks: "How might the Government best ensure that
any surplus is used in the best interest of the scheme's members?

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Welfare schemes: Will they see BJP through?

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: Goa


Goa, Jan. 23 -- Cashing in on rampant corruption in the Congress-led tenure, a
surprise package containing a number of doles promised during the election
campaign gave BJP a sweeping victory in the 2012 State assembly elections.

Doubling the financial assistance under the Dayanand Social Security Scheme by
raising it to Rs 2,000 per month and an additional allowance of Rs 500 for
chronic diseases; introducing Laadli Laxmi for unmarried girls between 18 and 40
years of age to avail Rs one lakh towards marriage expenses and Rs 1,000 per
month to women under the Griha Aadhar scheme to fight inflation. This has been
further increased to Rs 1200 a month.

The BJP, without any delay implemented their pet schemes, soon after it formed
the government in coalition with MGP on March 9, 2012. Abolishing Value Added
Tax on petrol by Rs 11, Rs 1,000 monthly allowance for housewives from families
with annual income of less than Rs three lakh, hiking allowance to DSSS
pensioners and Laadli Laxmi schemes came into force, winning the hearts of the
Goans in 2012. However, nearly four years after its rule, one of the most-hyped
schemes that promised to disburse Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,500 per month to unemployed
youth is yet to see the light of the day.

While the one and half decade-old DSS scheme has a record number of
beneficiaries as it caters to several sections of the society, albeit who fit in
the eligibility criteria. The scheme, a couple of years ago was however marred
by fake beneficiaries when a study conducted by Department of Planning,
Statistics & Evaluation found that some government servants availed the scheme
illegally. The fake recipients of the scheme were identified and issued notices
with a strict warning to reimburse the total amount they availed under the
scheme, with eight percent interest. After the filtering, the government set up
mechanisms to ensure that only genuine beneficiaries are benefitted.

The Laadli Laxmi Scheme saw negative repercussions initially with some NGOs
alleging it was reinforcing dowry system. In a shocking incident, a newly
married woman was allegedly killed few months after the implementation of the
scheme, when she failed to bring with her Rs one lakh to in-laws house.

The government had rubbished the allegation even as an inquiry was instituted to
find out the exact reason of the murder. There were also allegations that some
newly-wedded wives were subjected to domestic violence for not transferring Rs
one lakh into the account of their in-laws. The government thereafter modified
the scheme extending the financial help for girls wishing to venture into
entrepreneurship or higher studies.

"More and more applications under the scheme are to avail funds for higher
education. It is encouraging that girls are more inclined towards their
studies," WCD Minister Dilip Parulekar said.

In its next step, the government is also contemplating to further enhance the
scheme in a bid to reach out to girls/women.

A common grievance of the applicants is also that the applications are not
processed in time, once it is submitted to the department. The minister however
clarified that applicants who have submitted incomplete documents face this
problem, but the Goa Electronics Limited - that processes the applications -
updates on the development.

However the big ask is, will these welfare schemes benefit the BJP in the 2017
elections: The BJP think tank and its MLA's are hopeful that not only the
schemes, but various other factors will result into a second consecutive win of
the BJP.

"We will definitely win the 2017 elections but schemes will not be the sole
reason for any BJP MLA or government to come back to power. The overall
performance of the government will bring us back to power," Calangute MLA
Michael Lobo said. This comment is obviously for public consumption.

BJP spokesperson Dr Wilfred Mesquita seconded the legislator's opinion. "Why it
(schemes) should not help us gain victory again? Besides schemes, the
developmental works in different sectors are evident," he commented.

The most pragmatic of the BJP voices was surely Sakhali MLA Dr Pramod Sawant.
"The DSS and the Griha aadhar schemes may work, but we can't win elections in
weak areas only on the strength of schemes. For instance there's a lot of
ignorance about the laadli scheme still," he said.

The opposition has however rubbished these claims with Fatorda MLA Vijai
Sardesai arguing "Giving away financial assistance in the name of schemes is not
welfare of anybody. The doles are distributed as a sort of consolation to the
people. Nobody should be thankful to the government," he said.

A surprising comment comes from a congress legislator who claims that 'congress'
weakness' is BJP's gain. Curtorim legislator Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco states,
"Forget the schemes, the weakness of Congress' senior leaders will help the BJP.
If our leaders still turn into strong opposition, there is no way for BJP to
come back to power." He was quick to add that schemes will certainly not help
the government to gain victory in 2017. "Many Congress leaders had introduced
schemes during their previous tenure, but they were shown the door. It will be
the same for BJP," he asserted.

Whichever way you look at this, these schemes were BJP's trump card in 2012. It
still remains its mainstay and only hope against growing anti-incumbency.
Managing the weight of these expectations is the name of the game.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

'Amnesty scheme failure of tax collectors'

BYLINE: Jawwad Rizvi

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 308

LENGTH: 627  words


The tax amnesty scheme announced by the prime minister is actually a failure of
the tax collecting agencies while the government may not get desired revenue
collection from it as apparently scheme has been launched for political
objectives.

These views were expressed by experts at the Jang Economic Session on 'Does any
Amnesty Scheme Require in Existing Economic Scenario' on Saturday. The panelists
were President LCCI Sheikh Arshad, former Chairman FBR Ansar Javeed, Ex-Member
FBR Mustafa Ashraf, Dr Yasir Mehmood, Imran Afzal and Raja Hamid Riaz. The
session was hosted by Sikindar Lodhi.

Sheikh Arshad said history of amnesty schemes in Pakistan was very old, which
was started from Bhutto regime while amnesty scheme's announcement was a failure
of the tax collecting agencies and traders' protest was not resolved in the
scheme. He believed the government might not get desired tax collection from
this scheme. He said scheme was introduced to bring one million people in tax
net while the scheme was announced to achieve political objectives and economy
would not benefit from it. He said scheme would protect corruption and black
money. He called for steps in the larger interest of the country by making tax
collecting agencies effective to improve tax collection system.

Ansar Javeed said bringing the undocumented economy and huge tax collection in
the net were the major issues which were common and desired in any developing
country. He believed tax amnesty schemes were based on injustice, which
negatively exposed the failure of regulatory laws and agencies. He said amnesty
for getting economic objectives could give positive results but political
objective would be disastrous. He said economic managers should evolve a
long-term policy to increase revenue generation. He believed if the FBR
machinery work was run with full spirit then such schemes would never be
required so the FBR

should be effective and corruption-free to achieve economic targets. He said
amnesty schemes discouraged tax culture so the government should not accept the
demands of pressure groups.

Mustafa Ashraf said amnesty scheme might fail like the past schemes. He said two
years' return filing of 2008 amnesty scheme was not implemented then how
thre-year return file condition could be implemented this year. He said all the
objectives could be achieved by implementing the Section 122 instead of tax
audit system. He said amnesty scheme was announced for traders but not for
companies while tax return filing for public was to trap them. He said one
million people would not come in the tax-net until their confidence was restored
in government. He said amnesty scheme was a nexus between the government and tax
filers, which was a white collar crime. He called for tax reforms to make
taxation system easy and facilitate the public.

Dr Yasir Mehmood said all the amnesty schemes were disastrous since not a single
objective was achieved from them. He called for setting some severe punishments
for tax evasion and giving some time to the tax evaders for filing tax.

Imran Afzal said the government was responsible for the rule of law and
implementation on the scheme was a big challenge for the government. He said
amnesty scheme had given impression of the failure of governance and all
institutions. He said the FBR had access to all information but could not be
able to increase tax filers from 800,000. He said Benami account-holders would
benefit from this amnesty scheme for whitening money. He called for discouraging
tax evasion at every level.

Raja Hamid Riaz said tax amnesty was an old wine in the new bottle while
temporary arrangements would not correct taxation system. He said the government
should give amnesty with condition that limit rolling of money.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE [...];
Legal Notices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 357 words


IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE No. 683 of 2015 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT

IN THE MATTER OF AI SCHEME LIMITED

AND IN THE MATTER OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that by an Order dated 9 July 2015 made in the above
matter, the Court has sanctioned the scheme of arrangement (the "Scheme")
proposed to be made between the above named company (hereinafter called "the
Company") and its Scheme Creditors (as defined in the Scheme). A copy of the
Order was delivered to the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales on 17
August 2015, and the Scheme became effective on that date.

Please note that all Scheme Creditors are now bound by the provisions of the
Scheme.

A copy of the terms of the Scheme is available to download from
www.aischeme.co.uk. Should you require a paper copy, please contact AI Scheme
Services, PO Box 260, Wymondham NR18 8DU, and a copy will be sent to you free of
charge.

Return of Claim Form Scheme Creditors will receive a claim form together with
documents setting out additional information.

Scheme Creditors wishing to submit a claim under the Scheme must complete and
return their original claim form by post to AI Scheme Services, PO Box 260,
Wymondham NR18 8DU on or before 18 March www.2016.No claim forms received after
18 March 2016 will be accepted (other than where one or more Exceptional
Circumstances (as defined in the Scheme) applies). No claims made by email,
telephone or using photocopies of the original claim form will be accepted. The
Scheme website and the documents that Scheme Creditors will receive with the
claim form contain important information and guidelines explaining the process
for submitting a claim.

Further information and contact details Any Scheme Creditor who has any
questions concerning this notice or who requires assistance in completing the
claim form, should contact our freephone number 0800 678 1930 (outside of the UK
dial +44 208 475 3103), quoting your policy number or scheme reference number.
The telephone helpline is available between 8am and 8pm Monday to Friday, and
8am to 6pm on Saturdays. Further information may be obtained from
www.aischeme.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2015 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Panic as 34 housing schemes declared illegal in Vehari

BYLINE: Gulzar Baig

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 60

LENGTH: 377  words


A number of people, who have invested money in various private housing colonies,
are shocked to learn that 34 of the 40 residential schemes in and around Vehari
have been declared illegal.

The Tehsil Municipal Administration (TMA) has issued notices to the owners of
these colonies.

According to Tehsil Municipal Officer (TMO) Mian Azhar, several people had
established housing colonies a few years ago in the TMA limits without
fulfilling requirements and getting NOC. He said people were now trying to sell
their plots in panic.

"Information about dubious schemes has been advertised to warn prospective
buyers and investors against entering into agreements. People have been advised
to refrain from purchasing plots in the schemes without verifying their legal
status," he said.

He said the TMA had also issued a warning to the illegal schemes through a
public notice.

The housing schemes which have been declared illegal are Tariq Bin Ziad Housing
Scheme (PhaseI), Tariq Bin Ziad Scheme (PhaseII), New Sharqi Colony scheme,
Model Town Housing Scheme, AlRehman Town 557EB, Sahil Scheme 45WB, Sundar
Village Scheme 11WB, Star City Housing Scheme 45WB, Safari Garden 11WB, AlJannat
GardeneWB, Makkah Block Town, Din Garden, Asif Block scheme 45WB, Daha Town
557EB, Majeed Town 39WB, Abid Block 45WB, The Royal Garden IIWB, Mecca Block
IWB, Kareem Block 41WB, Pace City 75WB, Afnan City 39WB, Ali Town 45WB, Chaudhry
Garden 9WB, AlKareem Housing Scheme 557WB, Rehman Garden Katchi Pakki Road,
Abbas Town 9WB, Muslim Town Karampur, Saad Garden Luddan, Wahdat Town 65WB,
Akbar Town 557EB, Model Town 557WB and Hama Nagar IWB.

These schemes are still without facilities like roads, gas, electricity,
telephone connection and water.

The TMO said the revenue department had stopped the illegal housing schemes from
transferring land to people but they continued to do so to make a fast buck in
defiance of the directive.

Owners of these schemes claim they have sold out 80pc of the plots.

According to a TMA official, these illegal housing schemes have been established
in and around the city and their owners have earned millions in just few years.

Meanwhile, a number of affected people have demanded stern action against the
owners of the illegal schemes for fleecing people.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      January 26, 2015 Monday 4:53 PM GMT

Help to Buy used to purchase more than 2,000 homes in Wales;
Figures show that people in Flintshire are seven times more likely to have made
it on to the property ladder using the Welsh Government scheme

BYLINE: By Rachael Misstear

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


More than 2,000 homes have been bought in Wales thanks to Help to Buy schemes.

People in Flintshire and Bridgend are seven times more likely to have made it on
to the property ladder using the Welsh Government's Help to Buy scheme than
buyers in Ceredigion, new figures show.

Government data, a year after the scheme was launched, shows 200 homes were
bought in Flintshire in the first years of the Help to Buy (Mortgage Guarantee)
scheme and Help to Buy Wales, a rate of 2.09 sales per 1,000 adults, the highest
rate of sales in Wales.

The area was closely followed by Bridgend, with 184 sales, and Newport with 189
sales.

Buyers in Cardiff were the least likely to take advantage of the financial
support. The area saw just 17 homes bought through the scheme since it began in
January last year.

In the first year of the Help to Buy (Mortgage Guarantee) scheme, there were
1,420 homes bought with its help. Meanwhile, 1,030 homes were bought through
Help to Buy Wales in its first year in 2014.

Help to Buy Wales is a £170m scheme, whose priority is to increase the supply of
housing in Wales and is on track to support the building of 5,000 new homes.

Rob Lewis, a financial advisor and practice manager at Heritage Financial
Solutions in Flintshire said the scheme had been a resounding success so far.

"We're getting people on to the housing ladder and helping them to achieve
owning a brand new home.

"The uptake of the Help to Buy scheme has been quite high. It just gives people,
who haven't got the money for a deposit but have a got a good income, the
ability to get on the property ladder. From the stock market side, builders have
seen the development of the scheme as well.

He said building firms were also taking advantage of the scheme.

"Building companies have been very proactive in Flintshire, I can think of at
least three housing developments which have sprung up and it is all good news
for the economy."

The scheme allows first-time buyers to buy by putting down a 5% deposit on a
new-build home worth up to £300,000. The Welsh Government then funds a shared
equity loan of 20% of the purchase price, meaning the mortgage the buyer needs
to take out on the home is smaller.

More than 1,030 homes were bought through Help to Buy Wales in its first year in
2014.

The number of sales through Help to Buy in Flintshire (8.7%) and Newport (8.4%)
was equivalent to one in 12 of all the local sales made up to November 2014.

People in Ceredigion were the least likely to use Help to Buy schemes to get on
the property ladder, with just 14 sales in the first years of the two schemes,
with nine bought through the Mortgage Guarantee scheme and five through Help to
Buy Wales.

In the first year of the Help to Buy (Mortgage Guarantee) scheme, from October
2013, there were 1,420 homes bought through the scheme.

The Help to Buy (Mortgage Guarantee) scheme has been open since 8 October 2013
and is available across the United Kingdom.

Under that scheme the UK Government offers lenders the option to purchase a
guarantee on mortgage loans where the borrower has a deposit of between 5% and
20%. The scheme can be used for mortgages on both new build and existing homes,
and can be used by first time buyers, home movers and for those remortgaging.

Debby Pavitt, sales director at Redrow Homes South Wales said the Help to Buy
scheme has benefited the new homes industry creating jobs as production has
increased to keep up with demand.

"The help to Buy Wales scheme has been of huge benefit to purchasers of new
homes since January 2014. It is not only a scheme for first time buyers, but
also for those wishing to move home.

"The Redrow South Wales division has sold 174 homes with the scheme since it
started. 40% of those purchasers have been first time buyers with the remainder
being home movers.

"We have had good take up of the scheme at all our developments across the
division on properties up to the maximum of £300,000."

Welsh Homes plug

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

347 housing schemes declared illegal

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 206

LENGTH: 475  words


As many as 347 private housing schemes situated in Lahore, Sheikhupura, Nankana
Sahib and Kasur districts are illegal. Out of these, 98 are situated in the
provincial metropolis.

The Lahore Development Authority has warned intending buyers in private housing
schemes not to purchase property in any of these schemes, until these are
approved by the authority. They had also been advised to get information about
the legality of the housing scheme and status of plot(s) from LDA before making
any transaction.

In Lahore, as many as 69 illegal schemes are located in the jurisdiction of TMA
Nishtar Town, 14 in Wagha Town, 10 in Iqbal Town and five in Aziz Bhatti Town.

The schemes in Nishtar Town are Alam Residency, Vital Premium, Anwar Town, Badar
Colony, Bilal Town, Fatima Houses, Gillani Homes, Gillani ParkI, Gillani ParkII,
Green Cap H/S, Iqbal Park, AlMadina Town H/S, GulshaneAmin, Haji Amanat Ali
Estate, Hajveri Gardens, Ideal Garden H/S, KoheNoor H/S, Malik Park, Mian Qasim
Estate, Sadaat Colony, Waheed Brothers, Gul Nishan H/S, Haji Amanat Ali Shah,
Heaven Homes, Islam Park H/S, Johar Villas H/S, Jamal Homes, (Prime Homes),
Prime Homes, Judicial Avenue H/S, Mahnoor Villas, Rehman Park , Nasir Colony,
Park View Villas, SubDivision adjacent to TandT H/S, Villas Adjacent to Abpara
H/S, Mian Farm Houses, Mustafa Town, Ghousia Colony, Aazan Housing Scheme, 1384
K Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme, Abdullah Park Housing Scheme,
AlRehman Foundation Housing Scheme, Badar Colony, Elite Town, Gulberg Park
Housing Scheme, Haji Park Housing Scheme, Sabir EstateII Housing Scheme, Madina
View Housing Scheme, Mian Ji Abdullah Housing Scheme, Akhtarabad H/S, AlHaram
Gardens, Aziz Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town, Faisal Town PhII, Gulberg Park,
Indus Estate, Lahore Garden, New GulshaneLahore, Olympic Village, Roshan Town,
Subhan Garden, Grand Avenue, Rehan Garden, Pearl Garden, Madina Avenue, Nazir
Garden and Zain Homes.

The names of 14 illegal schemes in Waga Town are Shareef Park, Hakim Town, Jeeva
Park, Tayyab Town, Feroz Park, Al Madina Garden, Khabar Garden, Ali Alam Garden,
Tufail Garden, Rizwan Garden near Canal, Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase I,
Lahore Medical Housing Scheme Phase II, Asad Town and Garrison Garden Phase III.

The names of 10 schemes in Iqbal Town are Abdullah Town, Amna Park, Hafiz Town,
Husnain Park, LDA Employees Housing Society, Jameel Park, Pak Town, Rana Town,
Doctor Society and SubDivision adjacent to Sultan Town.

The names of five illegal schemes in Aziz Bhatti Town are Hajeri, Mian Aziz
Garden, Paragon City/ Imperial Homes, IBL Homes and Arshad Garden.

Under the LDA Act 1975, no other Authority or Town Municipal Administration/
Tehsil Municipal Administration or any local body except LDA is authorised to
approve any private housing scheme/ land subdivisions in Lahore Division.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday
                                  Pune Mirror

No benefits from new, modified NCIP leaves farmers in the lurch

SECTION: CIVIC

LENGTH: 611 words


By: Sandip Dighe

State refuses to implement new crop insurance scheme as per Centre's orders;
insiders hint at nexus between Agri Dept, AICI

No scene breaks the heart of a farmer more than to see his mature and lush green
crop flattened by natural calamities. All his hopes and aspirations for a
bountiful harvest and a secure future thereby, are dashed to the ground along
with the crop in a matter of minutes.

In the latest attempt to help farmers avoid the pain attached to crop loss, and
to assist them in tackling natural calamities such as floods, droughts and plant
diseases in a better manner, the Central government has recently made
significant changes in the existing National Crop Insurance Programme (NCIP) and
asked all the states to implement it.

However, the Maharashtra government has not bothered to implement the new scheme
as yet, and has instead written to the Ministry of Agriculture, informing they
are 'fine' with the old NCIP scheme. NCIP, the earlier government-sponsored crop
insurance scheme, has been in place since the rabbi season in 1999-2000.

The scheme was instituted as part of undertaking risk management measures in
agriculture by the then-government, with the objective of providing financial
support to the farmers in the event of crop failure due to natural calamities,
pests or crop diseases.

The scheme is applicable to all farmers and envisages coverage of all the food
crops including (cereals, millets and pulses), oilseeds and annual commercial
crops. Speaking to Mirror, State agriculture minister Umakant Dangat said, "The
Central government had asked us on May 31, to introduce the newly-modified NCIP
scheme in the state.

However, we did not find the scheme to be in the farmers' favour. As a result,
we requested the Centre to allow us to continue with the old (NCIP) scheme in
the state." Defending the agriculture department's decision, Dangat said,
"Farmers in the state have been benefiting from the old NCIP scheme since the
last four years.

However, under the modified NCIP scheme, the farmers will have to pay three
times more premium amount to the Agriculture Insurance Company of India (AICI)
than the amount they pay currently. Considering all these aspects, we decided
not to introduce the scheme in the state and got Centre's affirmation in this
regard on Wednesday."

However, a senior officer from the department, who did not wish to reveal his
identity, told Mirror, "The newly-modified insurance scheme was certainly in
favour of the farmers, since the farmers would have gotten more reimbursement
from AICI under it, compared to the existing scheme.

However, the new scheme did not find approval with AICI, given the
less-thanfavourable crop situation in the state, which means that AICI would
have to pay more money to the farmers under the new scheme, had it been
implemented.

As a result, senior officials of the Agriculture department, who are close to
AICI, decided not to introduce the modified scheme in the state." However, Union
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh had recently informed mediapersons that
the current NCIP scheme had not benefited farmers.

He said that the government was working on a new crop insurance scheme in the
country, which could better protect the farmers from the negative impact of
floods, drought and diseases.

When Mirror asked Dangat to clarify on the reports of an existing nexus between
the insurance firm and certain department officials, who overruled the
implementation of the modified scheme as per Centre's orders, he said, "All
these allegations are baseless. We have decided not to go ahead with the
modified scheme for the benefit of the farmers in the state."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           October 16, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Be prepared for new pension scheme policy;
Simon Birks is a consultant at Cheltenham-based niche employment law practice,
Sherbornes Solicitors LLP

BYLINE: Simon Birks

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 466 words


THIS week, the Government has confirmed that staff transferring from government
departments to private companies will be able to stay in their existing
government pension schemes. This could cost businesses much more than moving
them into another pension scheme or their own pension scheme.

Until now, businesses who provide outsourced services to government departments
had to have their own "broadly comparable" pension scheme, and many businesses
have set these up already. The new Fair Deal policy, which came out this week,
has abandoned the requirement for businesses to have their own "broadly
comparable" pension schemes, as the staff will now be able to remain in their
Public Service Pension Scheme. The business that inherits these staff will then
have to pay into the Public Service Pension Scheme and when the contract ends,
they may have to pay large sums of money to exit the scheme. This applies to all
future transfers of staff from government departments and agencies (i.e. NHS,
schools, academies and any other areas where employees have access to a public
sector pension scheme). The policy does not stop there, as this has also been
extended to former public sector staff who may be allowed to re-join their
Public Service Pension Scheme when the contract they are currently working on is
renegotiated.

This will immediately impact on how businesses build in pension costs and risks
into bids which involve staff with Public Service Pension Schemes. It will also
affect those contracts which are due to come up for renewal in the coming
months.

This will also impact on businesses who have already set up these "broadly
comparable" schemes. If staff get the opportunity to transfer their pensions
back into their Public Sector Pension Scheme, they will almost certainly take
it.

Businesses will then have to make sure their pension schemes have enough cash to
pay their pensions over to the Public Service Pension Schemes.

Although this new Fair Deal policy comes into effect immediately, in practice,
until the Public Service Pension Schemes are in a position to implement the new
policy, status quo remains. However, the new Fair Deal policy must be followed
when the schemes are ready to implement the new policy and will apply in all
cases from April 2015.

Any business who contracts with the Government needs to act now in order to make
sure that they are protecting themselves from the costs which come with paying
into these Public Service Pension Schemes and the substantial costs which can
come when they want to exit the schemes. If you would like any advice on how
this may impact upon your business, the contracts that you are currently
operating or those which you are considering tendering for, please speak to your
solicitor. Mr Birks can be contacted on 01242 250039.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2013 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Govt indecisive on tax schemes

BYLINE:  IMRAN ALI KUNDI

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 239

LENGTH: 431  words


The government seems indecisive whether to bring the tax amnesty scheme through
presidential ordinance or act of parliament to whiten black money by paying
certain amount of tax, it was learnt on Wednesday.

Sources informed that some members of economic team of the government want to
introduce tax amnesty scheme through presidential ordinance contrary to the
Prime Minister's proposal of bringing it in the parliament for approval. Prime
Minister Raja Pervaiz Ahsraf had directed the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) to
bring the draft of amnesty schemes in the parliament for approval. The
government failed to introduce the bill of Volunteer Investment Tax Scheme and
Volunteer Registration Scheme in the National Assembly session that was
prorogued on Tuesday. Therefore, sources added that government might introduce
it through the presidential ordinance within ongoing month of October.

Sources were of the view that period of tax amnesty scheme might also be
changed, as it might start from November instead of October and ended on January
30 instead of December 31. The amnesty schemes would allow the rich to legalise
their hidden assets after paying particular amount of tax and get themselves
register as taxpayers in three months period.

It is worth mentioning here that government had faced massive revenue shortfall
of over Rs 30 billion during the first quarter (July-September) of the ongoing
financial year 2012-13, therefore it is contemplating to introduce amnesty
schemes to generate additional revenue. The government had planned to generate
Rs 180 billion with amnesty schemes that would help the tax department to reach
the annual tax collection target of Rs 2,381 billion within the current fiscal
year.

These two schemes would allow such rich to legalise their hidden assets after
paying particular amount of tax and get themselves register as taxpayers.
According to the plan, it has proposed that intending to avail amnesty schemes
would be allowed to avail the Tax Registration and Investment Scheme (TRS) 2012,
which shall be payable in three months of the ongoing financial year 2012-13. In
the first month of the scheme, persons availing the scheme would pay Rs 40,000
tax; in second month Rs 50,000 and persons availing the scheme in third month of
the scheme would pay Rs 60,000 tax.

Similarly, it has been proposed in the schemes that in case, the scheme was
availed in October; investment tax of one per cent would be paid for
legalisation of assts.

In November, 1.25 per cent and persons availing the scheme in December 2012
would have to pay 1.5 per cent tax.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                October 7, 2012

Pensions: Working harder for better deals

SECTION: COMMERCIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 1330 words


The number of people with active occupational pensions fell by more than 38,000
last year, according to the recently published annual report of the Pensions
Board.

The remit of the Pensions Board is to safeguard the interests of occupational
pension scheme members and personal retirement savings accounts (PRSAs).

The board attributes the fall in occupational pension scheme membership to
declines in employment and contractions in the economy. However, the board is
seriously concerned about the recent falloff, given the importance of personal
savings to provide for retirement in addition to the state pension.

On a more positive note, the number of PRSA contracts in force grew by 10,924
last year to 198,038, with total assets of over EUR 3 billion.

**Occupational pension scheme security**

"Over the last number of years, occupational pension scheme security and
sustainability, especially for defined benefit schemes in deficit, have been
major concerns," said Brendan Kennedy, chief executive of the Pensions Board.

"Many pension schemes, both defined benefit and defined contribution, are
unlikely to provide the pensions that their members expect. Most people who
retire in the future will draw a pension for over 20 years, and it is a
challenge to provide a reasonable income for such a period.

"As individuals and as a society, we must face up to the fact that pensions are
expensive, irrespective of who pays for them or how they are provided. There are
no shortcuts for pension provision.

"It is unfair to overpromise and it is dangerous to try to compensate for low
contributions by over-aggressive investment strategies.

"As many as 80 per cent of defined benefit schemes are in deficit and in a
number of cases, the deficit is substantial."

Earlier this year, the board published deadlines by which these schemes must
submit funding proposals to tackle these deficits. However, following
representations, the Pensions Board last week announced that it had revised the
timeframe and the trustees of all schemes will now have until June 30, 2013 to
submit their funding proposal to the board.

The revised deadline applies to all relevant schemes irrespective of a scheme's
year-end date, and irrespective of whether or not the funding proposal is in
conjunction with a Section 50 application.

"This decision was made to allow trustees additional time to fully explore all
options available to address scheme funding deficits," Kennedy said.

The board expects that there will be no lessening of the efforts by trustees to
resolve scheme deficits as a result of the additional time.

Over the next nine months, the trustees of most defined benefit schemes will
have to negotiate a solution to the deficits that their schemes face.

For its part, the Pensions Board is committed to providing as much support to
trustees as possible,

"It can only be the trustees who make the decisions, balancing the interests of
all members of their pension scheme," Kennedy said.

That said, it is important that the decisions be made and implemented as soon as
possible. Until this is done, the contributions are likely to be inadequate, and
the position of the scheme will be getting worse.

Trustees must focus on the long term sustainability of the scheme, not just on
the short term. There is nothing to be gained by an overoptimistic assessment of
the situation of the scheme and, in particular, of likely future investment
returns.

Over-optimism is unfair to the younger members of the scheme, whose
contributions will be most at risk and who are least likely to receive their
full benefits.

"Some defined benefit schemes will undoubtedly close, and their members may not
receive the benefits that the scheme intended to provide them," Kennedy said.
"Our objective must be to see as many defined benefit schemes as possible put on
a secure footing and prudently managed for the future benefit of their members."

A further issue for some defined contribution schemes is the charges that are
imposed on members. The board, together with the Central Bank, is contributing
to the study on this issue, commissioned by the Department of Social Protection.

"This is a complex piece of work, and the results will give rise to technical
questions of pension policy," said Kennedy. "However, irrespective of the
outcome of that work, there is an ongoing responsibility on trustees to manage
their schemes in the best interests of scheme members. This responsibility
clearly includes a duty to ensure that costs are reasonable, so trustees must
satisfy themselves that they are carrying out their responsibilities in this
regard.

"The powers of the Pensions Board are more limited than may be generally
realised and it has to be considered whether these powers are enough for so
large a sector and whether they meet the expectations of members and
beneficiaries.

"We are conducting a review of whether the board has enough powers, in
particular to intervene where we feel that scheme management is inadequate or
inappropriate.

"The question of further powers is a matter for the government and for the
Oireachtas. We welcome the reassurances that we have received from Minister for
Social Protection Joan Burton and her department that any request for additional
powers will be considered carefully."

**Prosecutions**

"On the matter of prosecutions, where the board uncovers non-compliance with the
Pensions Act or receives whistleblower reports to that effect, it will have no
hesitation in taking appropriate action right up to and including prosecution,"
said Kennedy.

In recent years, prosecutions have almost entirely centred on employers who have
deducted contributions from employees' wages and not passed them on to the
pension scheme; in other words, they kept the money themselves.

"It is worrying that the volume of cases notified to us is still very high,"
Kennedy said. "The present economic problems faced by many employers are no
excuse for this practice and, in any case, the board has seen many cases where
the employer's failure to remit the money dates back to 2007 and earlier.

"Furthermore, we know of a number of cases where offending companies have been
put into liquidation, and the same directors immediately start a new business
and continue their deductions and failure to remit.

"Our prosecution of these cases takes up a considerable amount of board
resources, which reflects the seriousness of the problem and of the offence. We
welcome the fact that the courts are treating these offences with the
seriousness that they merit."

**Pension administration**

It is necessary but not sufficient that contributions be secure. It is also
necessary that pension schemes keep proper records and account properly for the
savings they are looking after on behalf of members.

"The board's oversight of pension administrators, including onsite inspections
of their systems and processes, is a practical approach to this issue and is
intended to increase the confidence that scheme members and trustees can have in
those who supply vital administrative services to them," Kennedy said. "I am
happy that we now have enough staff to undertake a significant number of
inspections and provide a reasonable level of oversight.

"Support for supplementary pensions is not limited to regulation and
prosecution, and our work includes provision of guidance and less formal
interaction with scheme trustees and their advisers, especially regarding
defined benefit schemes. It also includes working with and advising the
Department of Social Protection and the government on the many pension issues
that arise."

The day-to-day work of the Pensions Board is funded entirely by occupational
pension scheme and PRSA fees. Apart from the funding allocated by the Department
of Social Protection for the National Pensions Awareness Campaign, the board
receives no Exchequer funding.

*The board updates pensions guidelines, information and FAQs on changes in
relation to pensions as they occur on its website, pensionsboard.ie*

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                August 26, 2012

Proceed with caution: the state's new pension plan

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1598 words


Pension scheme trustees and their members have been through the mill in recent
years -- trustees of defined-benefit schemes have had to grapple with major
holes in their funds and, in many cases, members have had to increase their
contributions, or have seen future benefits reduced.

The holes in pension schemes -- more than eight out of ten defined-benefit
schemes are in deficit -- have also caused problems for employers, which in some
cases have decided to amend schemes or close them completely.

The first EUR 1 billion of annuities issued last week by the National Treasury
Management Agency (NTMA) are believed to have been taken on by state company
pension funds, particularly the ESB pension fund which, like most
defined-benefit schemes, has been heavily in deficit.

The new sovereign annuities which are now being offered to schemes by insurance
companies -- as an alternatives to traditional annuities -- pose some crunch
questions for trustees.

By using them, trustees and sponsoring employers will be able to map a way at
least to reduce yawning deficits in defined-benefit schemes, helping them to
meet Pension Board funding rules, which were amended during the summer to make
way for these annuities.

The annuities could also improve the finances of defined-contribution schemes,
depending on their current investment and liability profile, though such schemes
by their nature do not face the same pressures.

However, there is a price. By buying these annuities, pension schemes and their
members will take on the risk if, at some time during the life of the annuity,
Ireland's national debt is restructured.

Also, the annuities will, in some cases, redistribute risk, putting more of it
on retiring and retired pensioners and less on active and deferred members. All
in all, it will be a nice headache for trustees.

Traditionally pension schemes buy annuities when members retire. The deal is
that the pension pot built up on the person's behalf is traded in with the
insurance company, which in return promises to pay the pension for as long as
the retiring member lives (some schemes also have arrangements for spouses,
after the death of the member).

The only risk being taken by the retiring member in the case of the traditional
annuity is that the insurance firm providing the annuity goes bust.

Under the new sovereign annuities, the risk is transferred and if -- in the case
of annuities based on the new amortising bonds -- Ireland's national debt is
restructured during the annuity term, the loss falls on the scheme or the
individual pensioner.

There are two ways that schemes can buy the new annuities, and this determines
precisely where the risk lies. If the pensions scheme buys the new annuities to
meet the liabilities it has to a specific pensioner, then the risk is passed to
that pensioner. Schemes can also buy them to be held in the scheme fund itself.
In this case the risk of loss lies within the pension scheme -- and not with the
individual pensioner, according to detailed explanation on the Pensions Board
website.

Market sources say that bigger schemes are more likely to buy the annuities to
rest within the scheme, whereas smaller schemes may consider buying them to meet
the liabilities of individual members.

They may also prove attractive in some cases to meet outstanding liabilities in
cases where schemes are being wound up.

Now, of course, the government and the troika insist that there is no risk of a
national debt restructuring and -- for the moment -- investors have been putting
some funds back into our bonds in the belief that this is correct.

However, nobody knows where this euro crisis will go and restructuring in
high-debt countries, including Ireland, cannot be ruled out as a risk in the
years ahead.

The Pensions Board has put in place rules obliging trustees to take advice on
these issues and for members to be made fully aware of the risks they are taking
on. This has been widely discussed in the pensions community in recent months
and there is a lot of information on the Pensions Board website and in
presentations given by bodies such as the Irish Association of Pension Funds and
the Society of Actuaries.

In relation to the latest issue, market sources say that there was some push and
pull between the pensions industry and the National Treasury Management Agency
over the rate of interest attached to them.

However, the NTMA is unlikely to offer a rate of more than 6 per cent, the
average paid for the recent issue of ordinary bonds to investors, and so a 5.9
per cent rate was offered.

With state companies -- particularly the ESB -- buying the first batch of
annuities, it remains to be seen what level of demand there will be from private
sector schemes and how they judge the potential risks and returns. Trustees --
who can be open to legal action if seen to act negligently -- are advised to
take independent advice.

"This sovereign annuity option creates a real dilemma for trustees," said Aidan
McLoughlin of the Independent Trustee Company.

In many cases, he warned, it could decrease the liabilities for the scheme (to
the benefit of current members) only by reducing the security for pensioners."

Fundamentally that involves penalising one group to help another, which is
difficult to justify under trust law."

Legal experts agree that trustees need to tread carefully. "Before agreeing to
purchase sovereign annuities, the trustees must be satisfied that the transfer
of risk on to the shoulders of pensioners is justified in all the
circumstances," said James McConville, a lawyer specialising in pensions with
McDowell Purcell solicitors in Dublin.

"This is likely to be difficult since, at the time of purchase, the trustees
cannot know whether Ireland will default on its sovereign debt at some point in
the future."

According to McConville, one approach for trustees is to use the option to buy
the annuity to be held in the scheme, rather than to meet an individual
pensioner's liability.

"The trustees could try and reduce the risk somewhat by purchasing a sovereign
annuity policy on behalf of the scheme's pensioners, so that their pensions
continue to be paid under the scheme -- a situation sometimes known as a
buy-in," he said.

"In that event, should Ireland subsequently default, notwithstanding the loss to
the scheme, the trustees would still be liable to pay a pensioner the full
benefit promised to them, as they remain a member of the scheme.

"The other option transfers the risk to the member who is reliant on the
sovereign annuity and to whom the pension scheme then has no further liability."

While the pension levy will no longer apply, since annuities purchased from an
insurance company are -- for the moment -- exempt from it, all of the risk of
default passes on to the shoulders of the pensioner," said McConville.

McLoughlin pointed out that the scheme and the pensioner take some risk -- as
they are depending on the solvency of the insurer from whom they purchase a
traditional annuity, but there is a new type of risk with the sovereign annuity.

"This emphasises the sheer scale of the decision made at retirement," McLoughlin
said. "Most economists can't predict what will happen five years down the road.
Trustees and retiring individuals are required to bet your entire financial
future on future solvency of the country and/or your insurer 25 years down the
road."

However, the alternative for pensioners is not a continuation of the status quo
-- in defined benefit schemes, in particular, the scale of deficits threatens
increased contributions or reduced benefits, while the investment performance of
many defined contribution schemes leaves the same equation, although it is the
pensioner's pot which automatically reduces in this case.

For many pension scheme members the risk of sovereign annuities will appear
worth taking, when stacked up against the alternative of higher contributions or
a lower pension -- many defined-benefit schemes, for example, have already
warned members that future automatic increases in pensions after they retire may
not be able to be delivered.

For defined-benefit schemes, the new annuities will be popular with hard-pressed
employers, many of whom simply cannot afford to increase their own
contributions.

"Trustees, particularly those appointed by the employer, must keep in mind that
the priorities of the employer are secondary to their fiduciary duty to scheme
members," said McConville. "This is the case even if, with their employer hat
on, they are -- or would be -- the persons pushing for sovereign annuity
purchase in the first place."

Pensions legislation does offer a statutory exemption for trustees from breach
of trust, when they are seen to have acted honestly and reasonably, but the new
type of risk they are taking on would make it essential for trustees to seek
proper, independent advice.

.........................

**Sovereign annuities**

The new sovereign annuities which insurance companies will sell on to pension
schemes will be based on the new amortising bonds issued during the week by the
National Treasury Management Agency.

These bonds repay principal and interest together in annual payments, rather
than the normal sovereign bond which repays just interest during the term and
the principal at the end of the investment period. This structure will allow the
insurance companies to offer sovereign annuities to pension schemes, with
expectations that EUR 3 billion to EUR 5 billion could be sold in the next
year-and-a-half.

See pensionsboard.ie for details and for a useful frequently-asked-questions
section aimed at trustees.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday

Mohikinui withdrawal good for 'smart hydro' scheme

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 657 words


A Nelson man involved in a proposed hydro scheme on the West Coast believes the
withdrawal of Meridian's Mohikinui hydro scheme will help progress its "smart
hydro" scheme.

Hydro Developments Ltd (HDL) chairman Matthew Kidson said the end of the large
scale Mohikinui hydro scheme did not leave the West Coast without options for
developing new hydro power.

Mr Kidson said HDL's Stockton plateau scheme had resource consent and the
project was well on the way to producing 230 gwhr per year. This was more power
than was consumed in the northern half of the West Coast.

He said the Stockton scheme had been designed to have only minor effects on the
environment.

"Relatively small quantities of water from elevated tributaries on the highly
modified Stockton Plateau are captured and discharged directly to the sea via a
submarine outfall. This leaves the downstream rivers wild and scenic values
largely unaffected."

The scheme was the subject of a documentary called A Tale of Two Rivers by Dave
Kwant and Bill Parks.

The documentary looked at the struggle for power on the West Coast and
contrasted the Mokihinui proposal, which involved building a huge dam on a wild
river and the HDL Stockton proposal which has a small dam capturing dirty mine
water and generating power from it.

HDL has four shareholders, including Nelson's Kidson family.

Kidson Construction has been involved in the construction of several West Coast
hydro schemes as well as the Onekaka scheme in Golden Bay.

Mr Kidson said concept design of the Stockton scheme started in 2007. The scheme
was consented in January 2010 with the support of the environmental lobby and
the Green Party.

"Since then access agreements have been reached with Solid Energy New Zealand
(SENZ) and agreements with DOC for land exchange and concessions are well
advanced."

He said SENZ and HDL were working together on the generation of renewable energy
and water management on the plateau.

Design of the first dam was near completion and design of power houses was also
progressing.

HDL was hopeful that construction of the first reservoir would start in late
2012.

Mr Kidson said if that could be achieved the scheme would have moved from
concept design to construction in six years.

"This is well within both the economics and time frame of any wind farm
development."

He said energy projects were complex and required the commitment of the
developers and the involvement of communities and central government.

"Smart hydro is by far the most efficient and sustainable generation option for
New Zealand. Rather than missing out on hydro power we believe that hydro
developers on the West Coast are leading the way."

If the Stockton scheme combined with the Amethyst scheme in South Westland which
would be commissioned next year, and the Arnold scheme in the Grey District
which TrustPower has said it would build and the other smaller schemes already
built, the coast would soon be self-sufficient in renewable energy derived from
hydro power, Mr Kidson said.

Green Party MP Kevin Hague said his party had supported the scheme because it
could supply most of the energy the Mohikinui would have but with a net positive
environmental impact as the scheme would take acid mine water from the mine out
of the river and deposit it out at sea.

Mr Hague said there would still be some issues where the water was discharged,
but it would be quickly diluted.

He said Greens thought the scheme was worth supporting as it was largely local
people behind it and it had a "community feel".

He said the scheme highlighted the problems with planning for electricity
generation in New Zealand, as it was only by chance the scheme was going through
the resource consent process at the same time as the Mohikinui scheme enabling
the proposals to be compared.

Under the resource consent process the first scheme in the queue could be
approved whether or not it was necessarily the best.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Matthew Kidson

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims more than 10,000 people annually in Karachi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 453  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water.

A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases revealed that every third
person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most
affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber Pakhtoonkhawa and Punjab
provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that  water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional schemes are
providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water
charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes.

On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed.

The Chairman said identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are
financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery
and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16
percent of the schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20
years old, whereas 47 percent  schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less  than 20 years.

It necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future
water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims more than 10,000 people annually in Karachi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 453  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water.

A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases revealed that every third
person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most
affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber Pakhtoonkhawa and Punjab
provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that  water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional schemes are
providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water
charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes.

On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed.

The Chairman said identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are
financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery
and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16
percent of the schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20
years old, whereas 47 percent  schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less  than 20 years.

It necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future
water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims more than 10,000 people annually in Karachi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 453  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water.

A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases revealed that every third
person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most
affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber Pakhtoonkhawa and Punjab
provinces rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that  water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional schemes are
providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water
charges per scheme, figure out to Rs. two per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes.

On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed.

The Chairman said identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are
financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery
and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result have shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16
percent of the schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20
years old, whereas 47 percent  schemes are 10-15 years old.

The Chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less  than 20 years.

It necessitates a program of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future
water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims play havoc in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 285

LENGTH: 452  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water.

A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases revealed that every third
person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most
affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab provinces
rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional schemes are
providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water
charges per scheme, figure out to Rs2 per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes.

On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed.

The chairman said identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are
financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery
and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result has shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16
percent of the schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20
years old, whereas 47 percent schemes are 10-15 years old.

The chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years.

It necessitates a programme of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future
water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Contaminated water claims play havoc in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 285

LENGTH: 452  words


Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed that
in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal infection
caused by contaminated water.

A worldwide survey report on water borne diseases revealed that every third
person have become patient of Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most
affected by this chronic disease, while Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab provinces
rank second and third respectively.

PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes in domains
of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the performance of these schemes
in terms of providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is
extremely poor.

The outcome of the survey has revealed that water supply schemes are providing
piped water supply for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other
multiple uses to an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247
surveyed water schemes.

The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning properly and as a
result, nearly 47 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes.

More alarming situation is that 98 percent of the functional schemes are
providing unsafe drinking water. Moreover, on province basis, the average water
charges per scheme, figure out to Rs2 per month.

Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems is one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes.

On the overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed.

The chairman said identified reasons for the temporarily closure of schemes are
financial problems, breakage of some important components of the water delivery
and distribution system or non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.

The survey result has shown that 95 percent water sources of the functional
schemes, are unfit for drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has
been found in all unsafe water samples from functional schemes.

According to the survey, nine percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 16
percent of the schemes are 20-25 years old, 28 percent schemes are between 15-20
years old, whereas 47 percent schemes are 10-15 years old.

The chairman said most of the schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution
system, the useful life of which is less than 20 years.

It necessitates a programme of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes.

These remedial works should be based on the estimation of present and future
water requirement for the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Social security scheme slammed as unfair

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 480 words


"Is this fair?" asked health economist Dr Pongsathorn Pokpermdee. He said the
scheme's members were taxpayers and it was unfair to make them pay for medical
welfare while other Thais get it free.

The social security scheme covers about 9.4 million people, mostly company
workers. These employees and their employers have to pay monthly contributions
into the Social Security Fund (SSF), while the government contributes an
additional sum.

The scheme offers medical welfare as well as other benefits, including a
pension.

Other Thais, however, enjoy free medical welfare through the universal health
scheme and the medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families. MPs
and senators have even better medical coverage under another scheme.

"A sizeable portion of the contributions go into medical services and childbirth
benefits," Pongsathorn said. "If the social security scheme's members enjoy free
medical welfare like other Thais, this money could go into their pension
savings."

Duangjai Deengarm, a worker from Samut Prakan, complained that the scheme
represented a double standard.

She urged the government to treat the scheme's members fairly by channelling the
contributions for medical and childbirth benefits into pensions instead.

Many members of the Social Security Fund have also complained about medical
services. Some decided not to use the scheme's medical services again after they
were unhappy with the treatment they were given.

"We are treated like second-class citizens when trying to exercise our right to
access hospitals under the social security scheme. No matter what illness we
have, we are prescribed paracetamol," Duangjai said.

Pongsathorn said the social security scheme's members should demand an answer
from the government and the Social Security Office (SSO) as to why they have to
pay for medical care.

"I think the social security law, introduced more than 20 years ago, has already
become superannuated," he said.

Tula Patchimvet, who sits on a subcommittee of the Lawyers Council dealing with
labour rights and urban people's housing rights, agreed that the social security
scheme members should no longer be required to pay for medical benefits.

//////////////

Current medical welfare schemes

Social security scheme / covers 9.4 million

*** Monthly contributions by scheme's members, their employers and the
government

Medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families / covers 5 million

*** Fully financed by the government

Universal healthcare scheme / covers 47.73 million

*** Fully financed by the government

To be launched soon under the government's Pracha Wiwat policy

New scheme to cover 24 million self-employed workers and freelancers.

- Monthly contribution of Bt30 by self-employed workers and freelancers, Bt70 by
the government.

- Or monthly contribution of Bt50 by self-employed workers and freelancers,
Bt100 by the government.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Social security scheme slammed as unfair

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 480 words


"Is this fair?" asked health economist Dr Pongsathorn Pokpermdee. He said the
scheme's members were taxpayers and it was unfair to make them pay for medical
welfare while other Thais get it free.

The social security scheme covers about 9.4 million people, mostly company
workers. These employees and their employers have to pay monthly contributions
into the Social Security Fund (SSF), while the government contributes an
additional sum.

The scheme offers medical welfare as well as other benefits, including a
pension.

Other Thais, however, enjoy free medical welfare through the universal health
scheme and the medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families. MPs
and senators have even better medical coverage under another scheme.

"A sizeable portion of the contributions go into medical services and childbirth
benefits," Pongsathorn said. "If the social security scheme's members enjoy free
medical welfare like other Thais, this money could go into their pension
savings."

Duangjai Deengarm, a worker from Samut Prakan, complained that the scheme
represented a double standard.

She urged the government to treat the scheme's members fairly by channelling the
contributions for medical and childbirth benefits into pensions instead.

Many members of the Social Security Fund have also complained about medical
services. Some decided not to use the scheme's medical services again after they
were unhappy with the treatment they were given.

"We are treated like second-class citizens when trying to exercise our right to
access hospitals under the social security scheme. No matter what illness we
have, we are prescribed paracetamol," Duangjai said.

Pongsathorn said the social security scheme's members should demand an answer
from the government and the Social Security Office (SSO) as to why they have to
pay for medical care.

"I think the social security law, introduced more than 20 years ago, has already
become superannuated," he said.

Tula Patchimvet, who sits on a subcommittee of the Lawyers Council dealing with
labour rights and urban people's housing rights, agreed that the social security
scheme members should no longer be required to pay for medical benefits.

//////////////

Current medical welfare schemes

Social security scheme / covers 9.4 million

*** Monthly contributions by scheme's members, their employers and the
government

Medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families / covers 5 million

*** Fully financed by the government

Universal healthcare scheme / covers 47.73 million

*** Fully financed by the government

To be launched soon under the government's Pracha Wiwat policy

New scheme to cover 24 million self-employed workers and freelancers.

- Monthly contribution of Bt30 by self-employed workers and freelancers, Bt70 by
the government.

- Or monthly contribution of Bt50 by self-employed workers and freelancers,
Bt100 by the government.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Social security scheme slammed as unfair

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 480 words


"Is this fair?" asked health economist Dr Pongsathorn Pokpermdee. He said the
scheme's members were taxpayers and it was unfair to make them pay for medical
welfare while other Thais get it free.

The social security scheme covers about 9.4 million people, mostly company
workers. These employees and their employers have to pay monthly contributions
into the Social Security Fund (SSF), while the government contributes an
additional sum.

The scheme offers medical welfare as well as other benefits, including a
pension.

Other Thais, however, enjoy free medical welfare through the universal health
scheme and the medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families. MPs
and senators have even better medical coverage under another scheme.

"A sizeable portion of the contributions go into medical services and childbirth
benefits," Pongsathorn said. "If the social security scheme's members enjoy free
medical welfare like other Thais, this money could go into their pension
savings."

Duangjai Deengarm, a worker from Samut Prakan, complained that the scheme
represented a double standard.

She urged the government to treat the scheme's members fairly by channelling the
contributions for medical and childbirth benefits into pensions instead.

Many members of the Social Security Fund have also complained about medical
services. Some decided not to use the scheme's medical services again after they
were unhappy with the treatment they were given.

"We are treated like second-class citizens when trying to exercise our right to
access hospitals under the social security scheme. No matter what illness we
have, we are prescribed paracetamol," Duangjai said.

Pongsathorn said the social security scheme's members should demand an answer
from the government and the Social Security Office (SSO) as to why they have to
pay for medical care.

"I think the social security law, introduced more than 20 years ago, has already
become superannuated," he said.

Tula Patchimvet, who sits on a subcommittee of the Lawyers Council dealing with
labour rights and urban people's housing rights, agreed that the social security
scheme members should no longer be required to pay for medical benefits.

//////////////

Current medical welfare schemes

Social security scheme / covers 9.4 million

*** Monthly contributions by scheme's members, their employers and the
government

Medical benefit scheme for civil servants and their families / covers 5 million

*** Fully financed by the government

Universal healthcare scheme / covers 47.73 million

*** Fully financed by the government

To be launched soon under the government's Pracha Wiwat policy

New scheme to cover 24 million self-employed workers and freelancers.

- Monthly contribution of Bt30 by self-employed workers and freelancers, Bt70 by
the government.

- Or monthly contribution of Bt50 by self-employed workers and freelancers,
Bt100 by the government.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

How to ... make the most of your medical savings account;
Medical savings accounts enable you to set aside a portion of your medical
scheme contributions to self-fund your out-of-hospital healthcare expenses. In
this instalment of our series on how to manage your money, Laura du Preez looks
at how these accounts work.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1407 words


A Sunday newspaper recently reported that by the middle of the year more than 40
to 50 percent of members of middle-of-the range medical schemes and 70 percent
of members of low-cost schemes had run out of cover for day-to-day, or
out-of-hospital, medical expenses.

Members are often quick to blame their medical schemes when they find themselves
without cover for visits to a general practitioner (GP), dentist or optometrist,
as well as to pay for medicines.

But you would be better served by knowing whether you have chosen a suitable
option, how your benefits work and how to make them last longer.

The reason benefits are exhausted prematurely is often a depleted medical
savings account, because more than half of all scheme members use these accounts
to pay their day-to-day, or out-of-hospital, medical bills.

Self-funded benefits

You should understand the difference between self-funded medical benefits and
insured medical benefits.

The portion of your contributions that is not channelled into your medical
savings account is known as your risk contribution, and it funds your insured
benefits.

Your risk contributions are pooled with those of other members of the scheme.
They are used to pay your claims and those of other members, regardless of how
much you have contributed when you claim.

Your medical savings account, however, provides cover only to the extent that
you have contributed to it. Contributions to this account are for your use only,
and what you do not use in one year carries over to the next.

Some medical scheme options offer insured benefits that cover hospitalisation
and major medical expenses, and you self-fund all your day-to-day medical
expenses through a medical savings account.

Other options offer insured hospital and day-to-day benefits, and you contribute
to a medical savings account to supplement or extend these benefits.

You should identify which benefits are insured and which are covered by the
savings account. You should try to ensure that you have the least possible risk
of having to pay for high-cost out-of-hospital treatments, procedures or
appliances from a savings account. Ideally, you should have to use your savings
account only for those medical expenses over which you have some discretion (you
have a choice to incur the expenses or not).

High-cost medical expenses that must be paid from a savings account may,
however, be less of a concern if you have above-threshold cover (see below).

If the scheme benefits are well structured, there can be advantages to using a
medical savings account, because if you are prudent, you can build up funds for
years when your expenses are high.

You have the ability to save on your medical costs by choosing your provider,
negotiating the tariffs you will pay, choosing the setting in which services
will be provided, seeking alternative treatments and using generic medicines.

contribution Limit

The amount that can be contributed to a medical savings account is limited by
law and is based on the contribution for the option. Your scheme cannot set the
contribution to your medical savings account at more than 25 percent of your
total contributions, and it may even set the savings account contribution at a
lower level to make your option more affordable.

The Medical Schemes Act limits the amount that can be contributed to a medical
savings account to avoid depleting the risk pool or cross-subsidisation within
schemes. The intention is to prevent older, sicker people from having to pay
more for healthcare cover by making them self-fund a large portion of their
benefits.

The limit on how much can be contributed to a savings account means that cheaper
options tend to have lower savings account contributions.

Watch out for options that are cheaper because essential benefits have been
omitted and members are expected to pay for these benefits from a limited
savings account or from their own pockets.

Also beware of options that appear cheaper because they set contributions to a
medical savings account at much less than 25 percent of contributions.

Rules on expenses and rates paid

Most schemes allow you to use your medical savings account funds on any medical
expenses but some have rules or choices you can make to help you preserve your
funds for necessary medical expenses.

A scheme may, for example, limit to a rand amount payments for medicines you buy
without a prescription. Or a scheme may limit payments to healthcare providers
to a particular rate, such as the guideline tariff rate (the Reference Price
List, or RPL, tariff) or a multiple of it.

If your scheme makes payments from your medical savings account only at RPL
rates and you visit a doctor who charges a higher rate, you will have to pay the
difference from your own pocket.

Thresholds or safety nets

The disadvantage of a medical savings account is the risk of running out of
funds. You can, at additional cost, minimise this risk by choosing an option
with above-threshold or safety benefits. These insured benefits ensure that if
you exhaust your savings account, you are not left without essential cover.

You reach the threshold when you have spent the amount you will contribute to
your savings account for the year on certain claims as determined by the rules
of the scheme. For example, the scheme may allow you to pay for over-the-counter
medicines from your savings account, but these claims may not be included for
the purposes of determining whether you have reached the threshold. Similarly,
for the purposes of determining the threshold, there may be a limit on what you
can spend on spectacles or the rate paid to doctors.

In other words, you may exhaust your savings because claims or portions of them
that do not count towards the threshold have been paid.

Some schemes have threshold, or safety net, benefits that apply as soon as you
reach the threshold. Many pay these benefits only at a level above the threshold
- that is, after you have paid some claims yourself (except those for the
prescribed minimum benefits). This payment gap is referred to as a self-payment
gap.

Check the rules of your scheme to determine what threshold or above-thres-hold
benefits will be paid - not all day-to-day claims will be met - and at what rate
healthcare providers will be reimbursed.

Interest earned on savings

Most schemes do not pay interest on credit balances in medical savings accounts,
but a few do pay interest at rates below the prime rate or money market rates.

The main reason schemes offer low interest rates is that from the beginning of
the year they give you interest-free access to what you will contribute annually
to a medical savings account. But check the rules, because some schemes do
charge interest for this credit.

In some schemes, you get access to the full amount you will contribute in a year
at the start of the year. This can be helpful if you incur a lot of medical
expenses when you have just started contributing to a savings account. But other
schemes offer access to lesser amounts.

if you leave the scheme

When you leave a scheme and join another scheme with a medical savings account,
the balance in your existing account can be transferred to your new savings
account.

If you join an option that has no savings account, either within your existing
medical scheme or with a new scheme, or you opt out of medical schemes
altogether, the balance in your medical savings account must be paid to you.

However, before paying you out or transferring savings account funds, schemes
usually wait up to four months to see if there are outstanding claims that need
to be paid from your savings account.

If you owe a scheme money when you leave it, the scheme can use the balance in
your savings account to offset that debt.

A recent High Court case confirmed that in the event of the scheme being
liquidated, your savings account funds will be regarded as trust property and
returned to you. The money should not be used to pay the scheme's creditors.

Alternative savings mechanisms

Some schemes offer banking products linked to the scheme that you can use to
supplement your medical savings account.

These accounts may offer access to credit or overdraft facilities and have their
own charges. Money paid into these accounts must be funded by separate debit
orders. Payments you or your employer make to these accounts are not regarded as
medical scheme contributions for tax purposes, although the medical expenses
paid may qualify as tax-deductible expenses.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday

Most firms hold off KiwiSaver decision

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 553 words


Only one of the country's 3000 employer-sponsored superannuation schemes has
been exempted from the new KiwiSaver scheme, just 45 days before it starts on
July 1.

The slow response, with only detergent maker Unilever's scheme for 265 employees
exempted to date, indicates that many employers are putting off decisions until
the last minute - some possibly waiting to see if the rules change in today's
Budget.

"My pick would be that very few employers have made any decision about that,"
said Business New Zealand chief executive Phil O'Reilly.

"In the small to medium sector, I doubt that many employers have even thought
about it."

The manager of the insurance and superannuation unit in the Ministry of Economic
Development, Gavin Quigan, said only Unilever had been granted an exemption so
far, and only one of the eight main "master trusts" - Axa's trust covering
24,650 employees in about 600 companies - had been certified as complying with
KiwiSaver rules.

Employers in the Axa trust still have to amend the rules of their particular
super schemes to take advantage of compliance status.

Mr Quigan said a number of other large super schemes had started talking to the
ministry about changing their rules but no other changes had yet been approved.

"We have reviewed a few and given a few informal comments on some drafts, but we
could probably count them on a couple of hands if you're lucky," he said.

"We are anticipating a bit of a rush of these things between now and June 30."

However, 11 new KiwiSaver schemes have been registered, including six "default"
schemes which will be given to employees who do not choose their own scheme.

Roger Perry of AMP, one of the six default scheme providers, said the 700
companies with super schemes in AMP's existing master trust were still working
through their options. He expects about 20 per cent to seek exemptions before
July 1, while 80 per cent will simply keep their existing schemes running
alongside KiwiSaver.

Tim Jenkins of Mercers, which manages the second-biggest master trust and 90 of
the country's 400 standalone company super schemes, said many of the larger
schemes would change their rules to comply with KiwiSaver, but could not do so
until the law was changed to allow changes to schemes which offer defined
pensions or lump sums in retirement.

Fletcher Building has agreed to offer a new KiwiSaver scheme to its 9000
employees, with a 2 per cent employer contribution on condition that employees
contribute at least 4 per cent.

Human resources manager Peter Merry said the company was just waiting for the
Budget before announcing details to staff.

The State Sector Retirement Savings Scheme, which has 36,000 members, said it
would seek exempt employer status.

Time to decide

* Employers with existing super schemes have to choose whether to modify their
schemes to comply with KiwiSaver rules, add on KiwiSaver options within an
existing scheme, keep their existing schemes running alongside KiwiSaver, or
wind up their schemes to let employees join KiwiSaver.

* They can also apply to be exempted from the law that all new employees aged 18
to 64 must sign up with KiwiSaver for at least 12 days before they can opt out.

* To do that, their existing scheme must be at least as good as KiwiSaver with
at least 4 per cent of the members' earnings saved each year.

-

-

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 7, 2005, Wednesday

Whether pension scheme is an earnings-related one

SECTION: Features; 62

LENGTH: 699 words


COURT OF APPEAL. Published September 7, 2005. Aon Trust Corporation Ltd v KPMG
(a Firm) and Others Before Lord Justice Mummery, Lord Justice Chadwick and Lord
Justice Jonathan Parker. Judgment July 28, 2005.

A PENSION scheme which calculated the benefit to its members by reference to
their average salary over the period of pensionable service was an earnings
related scheme and the employer was liable to make good any deficit in the value
of the fund.

The Court of Appeal so held dismissing an appeal by the first defendant, KPMG, a
firm, from Sir Andrew Morritt, Vice-Chancellor (The Times August 26, 2004;
(2005) 1 WLR 995), who had held that the staff pension scheme was an earnings
related scheme.

The claimant, the trustee of the scheme, Aon Trust Corporation Ltd, claimed
against the first defendant, KPMG, the employer. Ruth Muir James and Julian
Walker as representatives of the former and present employees respectively were
added as second and third defendants.

Mr Chrisopher Nugee, QC, and Mr Jonathan Evans for Aon; Mr Jonathan Sumption,
QC, and Mr Paul Newman for KMPG; Mr Robert Ham, QC, and Mr Michael Tennet for
the second defendant; Mr Brian Green, QC, and Ms Emily Campbell for the third
defendant.

LORD JUSTICE JONATHAN PARKER said that the key whether the scheme was a money
purchase scheme within section 56(2) of the Pensions Act 1995 lay in the
relationship between contributions and benefits, as that relationship emerged
from a consideration of the scheme as a whole, properly construed.

Contributions Contributions were governed by the scheme's rules of members' and
employer's contributions. Those rules provided for compulsory annual
contributions of amounts equal to a specified percentage of a member's annual
salary in each year of his pensionable employment, the specified percentages
being referable to the member's age.

Clause 8.4 of the scheme gave the trustee power, with the consent of the
principal employer and, after taking the actuary's advice, to reduce
contributions if, but only if, an actuarial valuation or an interim review
revealed that the scheme was in surplus.

Benefits The standard pension was that which came into payment on normal pension
date and continued to be payable during the remainder of the member's lifetime.
Therefore, the scheme would appear to lack the basic characteristics of a money
purchase scheme.

In the first place, the requisite direct relationship between contributions and
benefits was broken by the introduction of actuarial factors.

Second, including the trustee's powers in the scheme not only recognised but
positively catered for a continuing mismatch between assets and liabilities.

However, the overall appearance of the scheme was not necessarily determinative
of the question whether it was a money purchase scheme in the statutory sense.

An occupational pension was a money purchase scheme if all the benefits that
might be provided were money purchase benefits; namely benefits the rate or
amount of which was calculated by reference to contributions and which were not
average salary benefits: see section 181(1) of the Pension Schemes Act 1993.

Support for that strict interpretation of the definition of "money purchase
benefits" was to be found in section 56 of the 1995 Act.

It was implicit in that section that a provision in the scheme which was
designed to achieve automatic equilibrium between assets and liabilities by
limiting the amount of the scheme's liabilities by reference to its assets was
not in itself enough to render the scheme a money purchase scheme, for if it
were, section 56 would not apply to it. Yet the inclusion of such a provision in
a scheme would be calculated by reference to contributions.

His Lordship would agree with the Vice-Chancellor who had concluded that the
standard pension benefit was an average salary benefit scheme since it was
calculated by reference to the average salary of a member over the period of
service on which the pension was based.

Lord Justice Chadwick and Lord Justice Mummery agreed.

Solicitors: DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary UK LLP; Linklaters; Pinsent Masons;
Macfarlanes.


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              616 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                         Image: Superannuation feature

                               February 25, 2005

Superannuation

SECTION: Pg.26

LENGTH: 1531 words


NBR Special Review

RADICAL STEP

Government plugs workplace savings

Should employers be forced to offer super when less dramatic changes seem to be
working?

Rob Hosking

One of the few uncontested facts about superannuation and savings in general is
that workplace-based savings schemes are one of the best - if not the best - way
for people to save.

The rationale seems to be what the eye doesn't see the heart doesn't grieve
about.

That is one of the reasons - though by no means the only one - the government is
so attracted to workplace savings schemes.

As far as workplace savings go, perhaps the most significant piece of research
for New Zealand is a joint work by Grant Scobie and Trinh Le for the Treasury.

That research showed quite conclusively that people in workplace savings schemes
have a higher level of accumulated savings for their retirement than those who
do not.

What is less clear is why.

"There is evidence that being enrolled in a workplace scheme is associated with
higher levels of total net worth, yet this is not true of personal schemes, once
several personal characteristics have been controlled for," the study concludes.

For some reason, those who use workplace-based savings schemes are
disproportionately likely to have other private savings schemes. The reasons are
not clear but seem to come down to "awareness," the Treasury report says.

The authors discount the "self-selection" bias possible in this group and
tentatively conclude that "policies that foster enrolment might lead to greater
retirement accumulation by those in a scheme."

The issue is how far to take those policies.

The government last year received a report on workplace savings, commissioned by
Finance Minister Michael Cullen and chaired by his former economic adviser Peter
Harris. That report proposed all employers over a certain size - options
included five or 10 employees - be required to offer workplace superannuation as
part of an employee's remuneration.

Those suggestions were generally received with guarded enthusiasm, but as time
has worn on and the implications have sunk in, difficulties are emerging.

And it is also becoming questionable whether such a radical step is needed.

There is emerging evidence that other, less dramatic changes to the
superannuation environment are having a positive impact.

Business New Zealand has pointed this out in its submission on the report.

The oft-quoted fact about workplace savings schemes is that they dramatically
plunged over the course of the 1990s.

The numbers of employees taking part in such schemes dropped from about 30% of
the workforce in 1990 to less than half that by the end of the decade.

The plunge came in two waves - the earlier 1990s, and then around 1997. Two
external factors seem to have caused this - the mid-decade plunge was driven by
the introduction by the then National government of a compliance regime that
whacked a whole set of prospectus requirements on to employers.

The earlier exits were driven by the fairly obvious fact the country was coming
to the end of a long recession and people had less money for savings.

Those exits only tell part of the story. Business New Zealand points out the
workplace savings group report totally ignores the surge in interest in other
schemes over the past few years.

"Business New Zealand finds it astonishing that there is absolutely no mention
of the nearly half a million people who belong to private super schemes. The
number of private or 'retail' schemes has increased from 236,042 in 1990, to
420,205 in 2003 - an increase of 78%.

"As a percentage of the working age population aged 15-64, this equates to an
increase from 10.5% in 1990 to 16.1% in 2003.

"Or, in other words, without double-ups this means about a quarter of all adults
over 20 years of age belong to some kind of super scheme."

All that happened under the present, voluntary arrangements and raises the
question of whether a drastic move like compelling employers to offer access to
savings schemes is really necessary.

Then there is the impact of any form of compulsion on existing schemes. Because
of all the talk about how numbers in existing schemes have fallen, the remaining
ones have tended to be forgotten.

But as Mike Woodbury, senior associate at Chapman Tripp, points out, 14% of the
workforce is still a fair number of people.

Mr Woodbury wears a few "hats" in this area - as well as his legal work, he is
also chairman of the Association of Superannuation Funds of New Zealand (ASFONZ)
and was a member of the team that put together the workplace savings report for
the government.

And he is none too happy with some of the group's final recommendations.

The risk with compelling employers to provide superannuation and then lining up
a set of "sweeteners" to make it easier for them, will disadvantage both
employers and employees in existing schemes, he says.

"There is about $9 billion in those [existing] schemes," he says. "If the
employer decides to wind up their scheme, there is no automatic rollover into
any new scheme - in most cases they will have to write the employee a cheque."

There is no guarantee the employee will then put that cheque into another
savings scheme. Given current economic conditions, there's a strong possibility
employees will take such a lump sum and use it as a deposit on an investment
property.

"There's no bottom-line benefit for employers in offering access to
superannuation schemes ," Mr Woodbury says.

"They can though perform a useful function in a tight labour market. And the
employers who have stuck with offering superannuation should be regarded as the
core, and something to build on."

Instead, the government - if it adopts the recommendations in the report - is in
danger of discarding that core.

Mr Woodbury - like Business New Zealand - says there has been an increase in new
schemes over recent years.

There has been a surge of interest from clients, he says, driven mostly by the
tight labour market and other competitive pressures.

That is particularly so for those competing with the public sector, which, from
July last year, has had a very generous savings scheme.

"Private schools are now finding they have to offer superannuation schemes -
they're competing with the public sector scheme, which is pretty crash hot."

However, if the government goes ahead with making it mandatory for employers to
offer super schemes and provides the sort of "sweeteners" talked about in the
Workplace Savings Group report, those new schemes, like the older ones, are
going to have problems.

"Sweeteners" - a word the report used as a way of trying to avoid the much more
loaded term "incentives" - include using Inland Revenue as a collection agency -
thus cutting costs - "kick starts" for people to join such schemes, and group
purchase of life insurance.

Phillips Fox partner Alasdair McBeth says existing schemes "can't compete if the
government is running the administration of a scheme."

And Tracey Cross, also from Phillips Fox, says the sort of scheme outlined in
the report risks being too inflexible.

Ms Cross, who is also chairs Women in Super, says the report's recommendation
that "sweeteners" be used for savings that are "locked in" could cause problems
for those who need to take breaks and call on the savings for lifestyle reasons,
such as starting a family or further education.

"There is an issue of lifestyle savings versus the long-term retirement issue,"
she says.

"It is important that people understand those longer-term issues, and the
current set of proposals is a good opportunity to increase that level of
understanding."

Existing schemes are already making adjustments for those demands. New Zealand
Post, which has one of the larger schemes, has begun offering options such as
the ability to draw on savings to pay off a student loan, or to put a deposit on
a new house, human resources manager (corporate) Vicki Bazalo says.

More than two-thirds - 68% - of New Zealand Post's workforce is in the scheme,
she says.

"The benefits far outweigh any costs or downsides to the company."

How far those much- vaunted "sweeteners" will go to encourage people to join
workplace schemes is an open question. Both the UK and Irish governments have in
recent times required employers to offer access to superannuation schemes.

They have gone further than "sweeteners," offering tax breaks, something the
government here has ruled out.

Yet 80% of those schemes are empty. That has meant a costly burden not only on
employers but also on the financial services providers.

The other concern employers have is that they will be forced, de facto, into the
role of financial advisers, simply because they have to choose a provider or set
of providers for savings.

"That is more a problem of perception than of reality though," Mr Woodbury says.

However, Mr McBeth points to government moves to tighten the regulation of
financial advisers.

While this might encourage wary New Zealanders to invest in financial assets,
there is a risk employers may get caught up in any widening of the definition of
"adviser," he warns.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

        Copyright 2005 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


                              617 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          WA Business News (Australia)

                                  June 3, 2004

MIS schemes face June 30 deadline

LENGTH: 441  words


MIS schemes face June 30 deadline

NON-MINING primary production, film and other passively managed schemes along
with  pre-1991 exempt trusts and some prescribed interest undertakings have
until June 30 to apply to extend their transitional relief or face the costs of
becoming registered managed investment schemes.

If, however, the application is successful, the transition period will be
extended until July 1 2010.

In 2000 the Australian Securities and Investments Commission allowed passively
managed and closed managed investment schemes a longer transition period before
they had to become managed investment schemes complying with Chapter 5C of the
Corporations Act.

ASIC extended the transition period because the costs, burdens, and investor
protections associated with Chapter 5C registrations were not warranted for such
schemes.

Passively managed schemes are those where the manager is only receiving income
or undertaking other limited management activities.

To qualify for a further extension applicants must firstly provide a written
certificate from the management company showing the prescribed interest scheme
is closed and:

In the case of non-mining primary production, film and other similar schemes,
the scheme is still fixed-term, its approved deed provides that it is to be
wound up at a time reflecting the underlying cycle of the business and that it
is passively managed;

In the case of a pre-1991 exempt trust, that the scheme has fewer than 100
members;

The prescribed interest scheme is viable on an ongoing basis, all payments have
been made to investors in accordance with the prescribed interest deed and there
has been no increase in business activity by the scheme since the granting of
the first exemption;

An unqualified audit report has been obtained in respect of the scheme;

The scheme is solvent;

There have been no material breaches of the approved deed;

The management company or trustee has complied with the terms and conditions of
the existing interim relief; and

All members of the scheme have been notified in writing of the application to
further extend the transition and less than 50 holders or 10 per cent by value
have objected to the extension.

Secondly, the approved scheme trustee has to provide a letter or an undertaking
in support of the application in which the trustee:

Declares and certifies that it reasonably believes the further extension of the
transition would be in the best interests of the prescribed interest holders and
is not contrary to the interests of the prescribed interest holders;

Confirms the scheme satisfied criteria for an extension; and

Certifies the scheme or undertaking is solvent.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 WA Business News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  May 27, 2001

Greed fuels pyramid scams

BYLINE: By Yong Tiam Kui

SECTION: National; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1570 words


DESPITE the negative publicity about pyramid schemes and Government effort
to ban these get-rich-quick scams over the years, Malaysians continue to
fall prey to them.

To begin with, it has never been easy for the Government to bring
operators of pyramid schemes to justice. This is largely because they
operate mostly by word of mouth.

Almost always, by the time the authorities get wind of them, the
operators would have made their millions and moved to another part of the
country to begin a brand new pyramid scheme to con more unsuspecting
victims.

So, why do so many Malaysians fall victim to pyramid schemes? Of course,
ignorance or gullibility has a lot to do with it but more than anything
else, it is greed that causes many, otherwise rational people, to throw
caution to the wind and take the plunge.

"If something looks too good to be true, then it's probably not. People
believe in the unbelievable because of greed," says Federation of Consumer
Associations of Malaysia president professor Hamdan Adnan.

"It's like they are in a drunken stupor. They don't even ask where the
money is coming from.

"It is very sad. Kampung people sell whatever they have to join these
schemes. They even sell their mother's bangles and rings, and land left to
them by their grandparents."

Consumer Association of Penang legal adviser Jessica Binwani says she
knows of company directors and professionals such as accountants and
doctors who were so taken in by the glitter of fool's gold that they give
up their jobs to focus on recruiting more and more new members to build up
their "business."

"They tell you: Do you want to be in a position where you don't have to
work and cheques come in every month? Where you can afford to drive fancy
cars and travel all over the world whenever you feel like it. All you have
to do is buy RM300 worth of products and recruit two other people who will
each buy RM300 worth of products and recruit two other people and so on.
And imagine how much money you will make when there are hundreds of people
under you'," says Jessica.

Pyramid schemes easily fail. They begin to collapse when a few people
drop out or refuse to pay and new members are not recruited in their
places.

Of course, the scheme operators and the first few levels of recruits
will have made lots of money before that happens.

But, those who were recruited in the later stages end up losing their
"investments".

And, because participants in pyramid schemes usually carry out
recruitment effort among relatives and friends, it often also results in
serious social consequences.

"Ill-feelings are created between close relatives and friends. Good
friends become enemies. You do not know that you are party to a con job
and because you are a trusted friend, they don't expect you to cheat
them," says Hamdan.

Effort on the part of the authorities to prosecute pyramid scheme
operators has also been hamstrung by the fact that while the Direct
Selling Act 1993 bans pyramid schemes, it does not deal comprehensively
with illegal pyramid schemes.

It places more emphasis on licensing and methods of operating businesses
for direct selling companies.

The Act imposes a maximum of three years' jail and a fine of RM250,000
or both for those found guilty of operating pyramid schemes. However, no
penalty is imposed on participants.

In some other countries, stricter laws exist. In Canada, for example,
Jessica says, both operators and participants in pyramid schemes could be
guilty of a criminal offence.

"Anyone who induces or invites another to participate in a pyramid
scheme is also guilty of an offence," says Jessica.

The Ministry is now in the process of drafting a new Act that
specifically prohibits pyramid schemes but that in itself will not make
much of a difference.

What we need, says Better Business Bureau secretary S. Supramaniam, is
strict enforcement of the Act on the part of the authorities.

"New pyramid schemes keep coming up but there is a complete lack of
enforcement. By the time a pyramid scheme comes to public attention, the
top leaders would have made tons of money and disappeared," says
Supramaniam.

Jessica says the new Act must include provisions that allow the
authorities to take action against both operators of pyramid schemes and
participants.

"The authorities should not only act against people who start these
schemes. They should also act against people who participate in these
schemes because they are doing something illegal.

"Only then will the public be aware of the fact that it is illegal to
take part in pyramid schemes," says Jessica.

This was echoed by Supramaniam who feels that hefty fines should be
imposed on both founders and participants as a deterrent against pyramid
schemes.

"People who participate in pyramid schemes are going in with their eyes
open. They are not merely the end users who are fleeced but also
businessmen who are involved in illegal activities," says Supramaniam.

But, besides law and enforcement activities, the authorities must also
take serious steps to educate the public about the dangers of these get-
rich-quick scams because pyramid schemes based overseas are now using the
Internet to extend pyramid schemes right into the country without fear of
prosecution by local authorities.

"In 1997, some 100,000 Malaysians were conned into paying at least RM10
million to the Italian-based Pentagono scheme via the Internet.

"Each participant was told to send RM100 to the firm and recruit 3 other
participants in order to get a fortune of RM218,700.

"It's linking onto the IT craze. This idea of online shopping and online
business where you can stay in the comfort of your home and make money by
making a click here and a click there," says Jessica.

It is not always easy to spot the difference between legitimate direct
selling schemes and illegal pyramid schemes because many pyramid or get-
rich-quick schemes operate under the guise of multilevel marketing.

The direct selling industry recorded a sales turnover of RM4.26 billion
for 1999. And, as of January 2000, there were 769 registered direct
selling companies nationwide.

As such, it is absolutely crucial that the authorities, consumer bodies
and direct selling industry work together to educate the public about the
differences between direct selling schemes and pyramid schemes.

Direct Selling Association of Malaysia executive secretary Christina Ng
says a genuine direct selling business is based on the sale of quality
products.

Satisfaction guarantees and/or cancellation rights, she adds, are
usually offered so that refunding or replacement is possible if the
customer is dissatisfied.

Legitimate direct selling companies strongly discourage overstocking of
inventory and participants can return unused, saleable merchandise for a
refund of not less than 90 per cent of the net cost.

Legitimate direct selling opportunities, adds Ng, may be taken up with
minimal start-up costs and little or no inventory investment.

"Sales and marketing plans of credible direct selling companies are
based on the progressive recognition and reward of direct sellers for the
development of a customer base for consumption of the company's products.

"Pyramid schemes require large stocks of non-refundable inventory.
Participants are often left with stocks they can neither sell nor return.

"Pyramid schemes require high entry fees or investment in inventory and
neither is refundable," says Ng.

What happens in pyramid schemes, Jessica explains, is that large numbers
of people at the bottom of the puramid pay money to a few people at the
top.

"The participant is always shown to be a gainer at the top of the
pyramid when in reality, he or she may be the victim at the bottom of it.
No new wealth is created. The only wealth gained by a participant is
wealth lost by other participants."

Typical signs of such a scheme

commissions for recruiting additional investors;

money is promised to be made through growth of downline rather than
through personal sales;

sellers and buyers are expected to recruit new sellers and buyer to
keep the scheme growing;

promises of sky high profits for a small effort;

products have high prices compared to similar products on the market;

the product is a secondary or insignificant feature in the scheme;
and,

exaggerated potential earnings claims are made without disclosing the
average earning of a typical participant.

How do you protect yourself?

avoid plans that offer commissions for recruiting additional
investors;

beware of plans that ask new distributors to spend money on high-
priced inventory. They may be illegal pyramid schemes;

be cautious of plans that claim you will make money through continued
growth of downline instead of through sales you make yourself;

beware of plans that promise enormous earnings, or claim to sell
miracle products. Promotions must be backed up with hard evidence;

beware of references who may describe fictional success in earning
money though the plan;

don't pay or sign contracts in an opportunity meeting or any other
high-pressured situation. Think over the decision; and,

check with the Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs Ministry if the
claims about potential earnings sound too good.

 yongtk@nstp.com.my


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (STF) - The Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs Ministry is in the
process of drafting a new Act that specifically bans pyramid schemes. But, to be
effective, it has to be enforced and serious effort must be made to educate
Malaysians to prevent them falling victims to these get-rich-quick scams, writes
Yong Tiam Kui.  Picture - Hamdan ...  very sad'.  Picture - Supramaniam ...
enforcement.

            Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              619 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                February 7, 2001

Greener ways to improve incomes

SECTION: Business: FARM/FOOD, Pg.4

LENGTH: 687 words


The England Rural Development Programme is offering farmers GBP 1.6 billion over
six years to help them restructure their businesses and move away from reliance
on Common Agricultural Policy subsidies. In the second of a two part series,
Farming Editor CAROL TREWIN looks at funding for environmental measures

THE key to the England Rural Development Programme should be its flexibility and
its broad cross-sector availability, according to Agriculture Minister Joyce
Quin.

"It is much more flexible than the existing mainstream Common Agricultural
Policy support policies, which support certain regimes rather than others," she
said. "So the ERDP is relevant to pigs, poultry and horticulture, sectors that
don't get mainstream support from the CAP."

The agri-environment and forestry schemes covered by the programme are already
familiar, but under the ERDP funding has been increased to around GBP 1.16
billion for the seven years of the programme, 2000-2001. They include the Hill
Farming Allowance - which replaces the Hill Livestock Compensatory Allowance
Scheme - the Organic Farming Scheme and the Woodland Grants Scheme.

Unlike the regionally focused schemes, such as the Rural Enterprise Scheme or
grants for marketing and processing, these land-based schemes (see below) are
funded from a national budget and are open to all farmers in the region.
Although the significant increases in the funding for individual schemes sound
promising, many Westcountry farmers have already discovered that some are
quickly oversubscribed, such as the Organic Farming Scheme, or that they are
already farming in such a beneficial way that they do not qualify for
"improvements".

The case of Philip and Roger Hosking, who farm in South Devon, highlighted the
anomalies of the Countryside Stewardship Scheme. The Hoskings, who farm 150
acres in a non-intensive way, have twice had their application turned down.

Countryside Minister Elliot Morley last week admitted that the Countryside
Stewardship Scheme discriminates against farmers already carrying out
conservation work, and promised a mid-term review in 2003.

Mike Ellingham, regional technical adviser of the South West National Farmers'
Union, advises that while extremely useful for farmers, some of the
agri-environment schemes will not be the financial saviour of most farm
businesses.

"It may be that the Countryside Stewardship Scheme or the Woodland Grant Scheme
are useful as an add-on," he said, "but they are not going to be a mainstream
source of income".

However entering the Farm Woodland Premium scheme, or planting trees under the
umbrella of the South West Forest, could well provide some extra income, take
land out of production while allowing farmers and landowners to find an off-farm
source of income.

Farmers need to be aware that existing membership of one agri-environment
scheme, such as the Environmentally Sensitive Areas scheme could stop them from
qualifying for other similar schemes.

In 1999 farmers in the Exmoor ESA wanting to convert to organic farming found
that they "lost" some ESA grants because they counted as double payments under
the Organic Farming Scheme.

The Wildlife Trusts, National Park authorities, Farming and Wildlife Advisory
Group, English Nature and the RSPB will assist farmers with Countryside
Stewardship applications, but the scheme is heavily oversubscribed each year,
with only 60 per cent being approved. Joyce Quin believes that while the
agri-environment schemes currently get the lion's share of the ERDP funds, the
emphasis will continue to be on creating more new schemes for diversification,
marketing or training, to encourage farmers to move away from businesses
dependent on production supports.

"This is only the beginning and the second pillar is a very small proportion of
the overall CAP spending," she said.

"We want to see it increase and we want to see the UK share of it increase
because it was allocated on the basis of historic spend, when Britain hasn't
spent much on those kinds of measures.

"We would expect to get a better allocation of it next time round."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2001 Western Morning News


                              620 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Complete balance is not required

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 996 words


Supreme Court Published August 9, 2011 Bridge Trustees Ltd v Yates and Others
Before Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe, Baroness Hale of Richmond, Lord Mance, Lord
Collins of Mapesbury and Lord Clarke of Stone-cum-Ebony Judgment July 27, 2011
It was not a requirement of the statutory definition of a money purchase pension
scheme that there be a complete balance between the assets and liabilities of
the scheme.

The Supreme Court so held (Lord Mance dissenting) in dismissing an appeal by the
Secretary of State for Works and Pensions against a decision of the Court of
Appeal (Lord Justice Mummery, Lord Justice Wilson and Lord Justice Rimer)
([2010] ICR 921) which, having allowed him to intervene, dismissed his appeal
from directions given by Ms Sarah Asplin, QC, sitting as a deputy Chancery
Division judge ([2008] Pen LR 261) on the application of the trustees, Bridge
Trustees Ltd, of a pension scheme which had entered winding-up with a
significant deficit. The defendants, John Yates, Mark Houldsworth and John
Hunter, had been joined as representatives of the members of the pension scheme.

Section 181 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 provides: "(1) ... 'money purchase
benefits' ... means benefits the rate or amount of which is calculated by
reference to a payment or payments made by the member or by any other person in
respect of the member and which are not average salary benefits." Mr Christopher
Nugee, QC and Mr Jonathan Hilliard for the secretary of state; Mr Andrew
Simmonds, QC and Mr Nicolas Stallworthy, QC, for the second and third
defendants; Mr Keith Rowley, QC, for the scheme trustees; the first defendant
did not appear and was not represented.

LORD WALKER, with whom Lady Hale, Lord Collins and Lord Clarke agreed, said that
the case concerned the dividing line, for regulatory purposes, between defined
benefit, normally earnings-related, pension schemes and defined contribution, or
money purchase, pension schemes.

Under a defined benefit scheme, the commonest variety of which was a final
salary scheme, the primary benefit to which a scheme member was prospectively
entitled, on retirement at normal pension age, was a pension for life
calculated, in a final salary scheme, by reference to the member's pensionable
salary at retirement.

Final salary schemes were also referred to as balance of cost schemes. What the
member paid made an important contribution to the benefit, but the amount of the
benefit was not calculated by reference to the amount of the member's
contributions, and the risk of a disappointing investment return on the pension
fund was assumed by the employer.

Under a defined contribution scheme, by contrast, the member's benefit was
calculated by reference to the contributions that the member made, and those
that the employer made in respect of that particular member.

Those contributions, and the investment return on them, were the measure of the
member's benefits, and for that reason those schemes were also called money
purchase schemes.

The member, and not the employer, took the risk of the investment return
disappointing expectations.

That was one of the main reasons why large numbers of employers had, since the
last years of the twentieth century, closed their final salary schemes, either
completely or to new entrants, and introduced money purchase schemes.

There was a variety of techniques by which, under a money purchase scheme, the
amount of the contributions by or for a member, and the investment return on
them, were mathematically transposed into quantifying the pension that was the
primary benefit that the member expected to receive.

Indeed the secretary of state's case was that some of the techniques took a
scheme outside the statutory definition of "money purchase benefits" in section
181 of the 1993 Act.

The decision of the Court of Appeal in Aon Trust Corporation v KPMG (The Times
September 7, 2005; [2006] 1 WLR 97) was the only decision of that court which
had any close bearing on the issues in the appeal. It had therefore received
close attention at every stage in this litigation.

That case had been correctly decided.

However, his Lordship respectfully differed from the key conclusion reached by
Lord Justice Jonathan Parker (in para 171) that "calculated by reference to"
meant "calculated only by reference to" in the sense that the benefit in
question must be the direct product of the contributions. That interpretation
involved reading in the word "only, which Parliament had not used.

The Lord Justice had been impressed by the submission that with a money purchase
scheme there was no need for an actuary.

That proposition was entirely correct in the sense that under regulation 3(2) of
the Occupational Pension Schemes (Scheme Administration) Regulations (SI 1996 No
1715), it was not obligatory to appoint a scheme actuary for a money purchase
scheme.

That provision was consistent with the view that under a money purchase scheme,
if not by definition, there should be no mismatch of payments and liabilities.
But a statutory instrument made in 1996 could not affect the construction of a
definition in the 1993 Act. Moreover, the choice of an over-optimistic fixed
rate of return could lead to solvency problems, as Equitable Life had discovered
in another context: see Equitable Life Assurance Society v Hyman (The Times July
21, 2000; [2002] 1 AC 408).

Although the Supreme Court was holding that equilibrium of assets and
liabilities was not a requirement of the statutory definition of a money
purchase scheme, and similarly for money purchase benefits, it was clear the
Parliament had enacted primary legislation, and the secretary of state had
initiated secondary legislation, on that assumption.

Nevertheless, in all insured schemes, and in the great majority of
self-administered schemes, that assumption was in practice justified.

Lord Mance delivered a dissenting judgment.

Solicitors: Litigation Division, Department for Works and Pensions; 3volution
LLP, Leeds; Eversheds LLP

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

It pays to pollute in this trade

BYLINE: Wendy Frew Environment Reporter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 816 words


THE State Government's greenhouse gas emissions trading scheme is so flawed some
participants are rewarded for cutting pollution when their emissions have in
fact increased.

A new report by researchers at the University of NSW shows two Queensland
coal-fired power stations have earned millions of dollars under the scheme,
despite producing an extra 9 million tonnes of pollution a year.

At a time when the Federal Government's proposed emissions trading scheme is
being criticised for letting big polluters off the hook, the research highlights
the risk that a poorly designed scheme could dangerously delay taking real
action against climate change. Under the state Greenhouse Gas Abatement Scheme,
power plants that cut greenhouse gas emissions are awarded certificates. They
sell these certificates to energy retailers, which have to meet mandatory
emissions targets set by the NSW Government. The retailers pass that cost on to
NSW electricity consumers. Based on the average cost of certificates since the
scheme began in 2003, it has cost NSW consumers at least $450 million. Some of
that money has flowed interstate.

But design flaws mean the emissions cuts achieved in the scheme's first three
years are significantly less than the 24 million tonnes claimed by the
Government, the researchers say. Their report also shows some polluters have
been rewarded for cuts made before the scheme started and for cuts they would
have made in the normal course of business.

"It is possible the [scheme] could delay meaningful action, not only because it
may create a perception that emissions are already being reduced, but also
because firms that base their business plans on it are likely to actively oppose
any later changes in scheme design," the report said. "A key problem is that
physical, measurable emissions within NSW are not directly incorporated into the
calculation of the scheme's target or its performance against this target. It is
entirely possible for the scheme to be apparently delivering emissions
reductions while physical emissions continue to rise."

The NSW Government has defended the scheme. Trailblazers who moved early to
establish low-emission generators should be supported, not penalised, said the
Minister for Primary Industries, Ian Macdonald, through a spokesman. Mr
Macdonald said the Government would continue to operate a "world-class
greenhouse gas reduction scheme".

However, work done by the report's authors - Rob Passey, Iain MacGill and Hugh
Outhred of the Centre for Energy and Environmental Markets - shows that it is
nearly impossible to calculate the real emission cuts achieved under the scheme.
They estimate about 80 per cent of the "abatement" activity in its first three
years was achieved by facilities that were operating many years before the
scheme began, so did not have to do anything new to be rewarded with
certificates. Where abatement did take place, it was often happening for other
reasons - market, government policy or environmental - and would have happened
without the scheme's funding, the report said.

In the case of the government-owned Snowy Hydro, some of its hydro electricity
has been replaced with gas-generated power because of the drought, dramatically
increasing its emissions.

However, the scheme assumes any new gas-fired generation would displace
coal-fired power, which would entitle Snowy to create abatement certificates and
sell them to others in the scheme. (Coal creates about twice the emissions as
gas per kilowatt hour).

This means NSW electricity consumers would pay the Snowy millions of dollars but
get very little in return. Mr Macdonald's office defended this on the basis that
all electricity generation was assessed on its emissions intensity compared with
the state's average intensity of power generation.

The report's authors said there was a conflict of interest in having the
Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal administer the scheme and act as a
compliance regulator. They found the tribunal monitored whether participants
stuck to the scheme's rules but did not check whether real emission cuts had
been achieved.

But Mr Macdonald said: "The fact is [the tribunal] has two very distinct roles
under the scheme - that of scheme administrator and scheme regulator - and the
community can be assured that neither role is compromised by the activities of
the other."

Farmers to clear trees - Page 4

China blames West - Page 8

WHERE THERE'S SMOKE

· Australia's dirtiest power station, Hazelwood in Victoria, is one of the
scheme's biggest generators of certificates for cutting emissions.

· Some power plants claiming certificates were built five or more years before
the scheme began, suggesting any emissions cuts would have happened anyway.

· In the case of Tarong North and Millmerran stations in Queensland, the more
energy and emissions they produce, the greater the emissions reduction they can
claim.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

It pays to pollute in this trade

BYLINE: Wendy Frew Environment Reporter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 816 words


THE State Government's greenhouse gas emissions trading scheme is so flawed some
participants are rewarded for cutting pollution when their emissions have in
fact increased.

A new report by researchers at the University of NSW shows two Queensland
coal-fired power stations have earned millions of dollars under the scheme,
despite producing an extra 9 million tonnes of pollution a year.

At a time when the Federal Government's proposed emissions trading scheme is
being criticised for letting big polluters off the hook, the research highlights
the risk that a poorly designed scheme could dangerously delay taking real
action against climate change. Under the state Greenhouse Gas Abatement Scheme,
power plants that cut greenhouse gas emissions are awarded certificates. They
sell these certificates to energy retailers, which have to meet mandatory
emissions targets set by the NSW Government. The retailers pass that cost on to
NSW electricity consumers. Based on the average cost of certificates since the
scheme began in 2003, it has cost NSW consumers at least $450 million. Some of
that money has flowed interstate.

But design flaws mean the emissions cuts achieved in the scheme's first three
years are significantly less than the 24 million tonnes claimed by the
Government, the researchers say. Their report also shows some polluters have
been rewarded for cuts made before the scheme started and for cuts they would
have made in the normal course of business.

"It is possible the [scheme] could delay meaningful action, not only because it
may create a perception that emissions are already being reduced, but also
because firms that base their business plans on it are likely to actively oppose
any later changes in scheme design," the report said. "A key problem is that
physical, measurable emissions within NSW are not directly incorporated into the
calculation of the scheme's target or its performance against this target. It is
entirely possible for the scheme to be apparently delivering emissions
reductions while physical emissions continue to rise."

The NSW Government has defended the scheme. Trailblazers who moved early to
establish low-emission generators should be supported, not penalised, said the
Minister for Primary Industries, Ian Macdonald, through a spokesman. Mr
Macdonald said the Government would continue to operate a "world-class
greenhouse gas reduction scheme".

However, work done by the report's authors - Rob Passey, Iain MacGill and Hugh
Outhred of the Centre for Energy and Environmental Markets - shows that it is
nearly impossible to calculate the real emission cuts achieved under the scheme.
They estimate about 80 per cent of the "abatement" activity in its first three
years was achieved by facilities that were operating many years before the
scheme began, so did not have to do anything new to be rewarded with
certificates. Where abatement did take place, it was often happening for other
reasons - market, government policy or environmental - and would have happened
without the scheme's funding, the report said.

In the case of the government-owned Snowy Hydro, some of its hydro electricity
has been replaced with gas-generated power because of the drought, dramatically
increasing its emissions.

However, the scheme assumes any new gas-fired generation would displace
coal-fired power, which would entitle Snowy to create abatement certificates and
sell them to others in the scheme. (Coal creates about twice the emissions as
gas per kilowatt hour).

This means NSW electricity consumers would pay the Snowy millions of dollars but
get very little in return. Mr Macdonald's office defended this on the basis that
all electricity generation was assessed on its emissions intensity compared with
the state's average intensity of power generation.

The report's authors said there was a conflict of interest in having the
Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal administer the scheme and act as a
compliance regulator. They found the tribunal monitored whether participants
stuck to the scheme's rules but did not check whether real emission cuts had
been achieved.

But Mr Macdonald said: "The fact is [the tribunal] has two very distinct roles
under the scheme - that of scheme administrator and scheme regulator - and the
community can be assured that neither role is compromised by the activities of
the other."

Farmers to clear trees - Page 4

China blames West - Page 8

WHERE THERE'S SMOKE

· Australia's dirtiest power station, Hazelwood in Victoria, is one of the
scheme's biggest generators of certificates for cutting emissions.

· Some power plants claiming certificates were built five or more years before
the scheme began, suggesting any emissions cuts would have happened anyway.

· In the case of Tarong North and Millmerran stations in Queensland, the more
energy and emissions they produce, the greater the emissions reduction they can
claim.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2014 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                October 28, 2014

                             IBS Group Holding Ltd

           9-b, Dmitrovskoe shosse Moscow, 127434 Russian Federation
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 7-495-967-8080
FAX: 7-495-967-8081
URL: http://www.ibsgr.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: IBSG
ISIN: US4509391037

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
IBS Group Holding Limited is an Eastern European provider of IT services and
software development for global enterprises. The Company, through its
subsidiaries, offers a wide variety of information technology services, such as
customized software engineering, outsourcing services, business and IT
consulting, business applications implementation and business intelligence.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Computers sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in USD)                      3/31/2011
Sales                                   870,317,000
Total Revenue                           869,696,000
Interest                                  4,323,000
Depreciation and                         27,564,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                               29,883,000
Earnings Before Interest                 61,676,000
and Tax
Earning Before Interest,                 70,859,000
Tax and Depreciation
Earnings Before                          81,459,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                       8,425,000
Working Capital                          62,217,000
Shareholders Funds                      202,148,000
Net Tangible Assets                      72,672,000
Net Assets                              202,148,000
Current Assets                          220,032,000
Total Non-Current Assets                195,266,000
Total Assets                            415,298,000
Current Liabilities                     157,815,000
Current Debt                             33,376,000
Non-Current Debt                         20,078,000
Total Liabilities                       191,593,000
Total Debt                               53,454,000
Total Investing Cashflow                -32,150,000
Total Financial Cashflow                 -3,522,000
Net Operating Cashflow                   32,789,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                           1.3
Cash Flow Per Share                          2.6
Adjusted earnings Per Share                  1.3
Return on Assets (%)                         7.2
Return on Equity (%)                       14.78
Sales Margin (%)                            3.43
Earnings Before Interest Tax                9.98
Depreciation and Amortisation to
Sales (%)
Total Debt / Equity (Ratio)                 0.26
Interest Cover equals Earnings             17.73
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current            1.39
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             24.77
Sector Value on ROA                          7.2
Sector Value on ROE                        14.78
Sector Value on ROCE                       24.77
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                -23

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  Xetra
OTHER LISTINGS: Xetra (IBSG)
Frankfurt (IBSG)
Hanover Stock Exchange (IBSG)
Dusseldorf Stock Exchange (IBSG)
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (IBSG)
Stuttgart Stock Exchange (IBSG)
Stuttgart Stock Exchange (IBSG)
EPS: USD 1
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
0.15      Final     -                   09 Aug, 2013   14 Feb, 2013         EUR

PRICES (USD):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 24.45
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 25.75
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 24.40
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 25.75
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 22,110,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (USD):
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 5.69
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 21,004,500
MCAP CHANGE: 3.83%
HIGH PRICE (USD):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 30
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 16.85
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 26.13
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 18
LOW PRICE (USD):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 18.10
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 16.60
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 23.40
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 16.50
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 10.37
TURNOVER RATE: 9.64%
TURNOVER: 160,629
VOLUME: 6,238
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 8,527
PRICE CHANGE (USD):
PRICE CHANGE: 0.95
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 3.83
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -0.25
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 2.18
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 0.50
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.98
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -0.70
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 17.58
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 6.55
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 34.11
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 5.25
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 25.61
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (USD):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 25.28
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.02
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.86%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.22%
VWP 1 MONTH: 24.96
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.03
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.04%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 14.17%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 5.53%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 42.27%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK         1,021.83       21.83       13.02           -
5 WEEKS        1,034.14       34.14           -           -
13 WEEKS        1,175.8       175.8           -           -
1 MONTH         1,019.8        19.8       12.88           -
3 MONTHS        1,175.8       175.8           -           -
6 MONTHS       1,341.15      341.15           -           -
1 YEAR          1,256.1       256.1       63.73       25.61
2 YEARS        1,521.26      442.58       78.69           -
3 YEARS        1,770.36      661.83      108.54       20.74
5 YEARS        3,809.97    2,576.39      233.58       30.67

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 180,226,464
CMV MULTIPLIER: 4.02
RETAINED EARNINGS: 59,683,536
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 279,675,000
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 519,585,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (USD):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 22.55
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.14
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 25.98
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.99
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.07
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: -0.01
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.73
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.60
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.86
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 0.43
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 1.58
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 5.53
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 0.30
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 1.51
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 11.67
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 9.09
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 65.75
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.97
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -2.60
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.14
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 6.43
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 23.06
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 39.68
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 24.61
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 23.29
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 86.96
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 59.64
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 83.28
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 93.62
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 93.88
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 78.11
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 13
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 6,238
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 5
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 20
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 2.44
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 11.87
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -3
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -11.90
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -2.70
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -10
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -              -          -       0.71

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.76
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -34.07
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 45.97
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -31.58
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: 144.71
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.11
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1245.95
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 0.14
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: -1.18
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 2.98
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -0.57
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 9.75
PRICE TO SALES: 0.81
YIELD: 1.32%
EARNING YIELD: 4.22%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.25
RETURN ON ASSETS: 10.31%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 20.58%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 24.77%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH: 53.64
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 21.32
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 3.60
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 0.54
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 0.01%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 2.15
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 5.05%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 13.10%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 15.53%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 9.93%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 19.79%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
Top 20 Shareholders Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Mon, Nov  IBS Group           16.5
26        Holding
          unchanged on
          low volume.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Mon,    IBS          16.5 three-mo four-mon IBS      IBSG     IBS      IBS
Nov 26  Group             nth High th Low   Group    strength Group    Group
        Holding                             Holding  ens      Holding  Holding
        rises                               rises    above    drops to decrease
        3.0% to                             0.6% to  Exponent four-mon s 1.4%
        EUR17.40                            EUR16.70 ial      th low   to
        on high                             on weak  Moving   on firm  EUR17.60
        volatili                            volume,  Average  volume.  ,
        ty.                                 ending a Price             trailing
                                            two-day  (EMAP),           70.0% of
                                            streak   12-day            stocks
                                            of       EMAP              in the
                                            losses.  outperfo          last 6
                                                     rms               months.
                                                     26-day
                                                     EMAP.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
EXTRA ORDINARY / SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING

   [Company Release]

   - Adjournment of the court-convened meeting and a general meeting in
connection with the implementation of the Scheme of Arrangement

   - Revision of the Exchange Ratio to 0.95 shares in Luxoft Holding, Inc. for
each GDR and certain shares in IBS Group Holding

   Ramsey, Isle of Man, September 15, 2014 ( IBS Group Holding Limited ("IBS
Group Holding") today announces certain changes to the proposals to reorganize
the IBS group (the "Proposals") by means of a scheme of arrangement under
Section 157 of the Isle of Man Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme"). The details of
the Proposals were set forth in a circular posted to the holders of Scheme
Securities (as defined below) on August 4, 2014 (the "Circular") and in a
securities prospectus dated August 4, 2014 as amended and supplemented by
Supplement No. 1 dated August 21, 2014 (together the "Prospectus") published for
purposes of implementing the Scheme in Germany and Austria. Pursuant to the
Proposals holders of the global depositary receipts of IBS Group Holding (the
"IBS Group GDRs"), listed on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange (general standard) (ISIN: US4509391037), and issued and outstanding
shares in IBS Group Holding other than the shares held by BXA Investments Ltd
and Croyton Limited (the "Scheme Shares", and together with the IBS Group GDRs
the "Scheme Securities") would receive, for each Scheme Security cancelled
pursuant to the Scheme, 0.90 shares in Luxoft Holding, Inc. (the "Exchange
Ratio"). Meetings to consider, and if thought fit, approve the Scheme (the
"Court Meeting") and associated matters (the "General Meeting") were to be held
on September 15, 2014.

   IBS Group Holding now announces that:

   (a) the Court of the Isle of Man has agreed to adjourn the Court Meeting to a
later date;

   (b) the General Meeting will be held only for the purpose of adjourning the
meeting to reflect the adjournment of the Court Meeting;

   (c) the Exchange Ratio will be amended such that, for each Scheme Security
cancelled, holders of Scheme Securities will receive 0.95 shares in the capital
of Luxoft Holding, Inc.; and

   (d) a revised circular and associated prospectus (following its approval by
the BaFin) will be published in due course, pursuant to which an adjourned Court
Meeting and the General Meeting will be convened, which documents will reflect
the revised Exchange Ratio and an updated timetable of expected events.

   IBS Group Holding has received indications from holders of the Scheme
Securities, representing approximately 70% of the votes to be cast on the
Scheme, that they intend to vote in favor of the Scheme, including from Fidelity
Worldwide Investment, Genesis and Sberbank Asset Management.

   Source: Company Website

OTHERS

   [Company Release]

   - Adjournment of the court-convened meeting and a general meeting in
connection with the implementation of the Scheme of Arrangement

   - Revision of the Exchange Ratio to 0.95 shares in Luxoft Holding, Inc. for
each GDR and certain shares in IBS Group Holding

   Ramsey, Isle of Man, September 15, 2014 ( IBS Group Holding Limited ("IBS
Group Holding") today announces certain changes to the proposals to reorganize
the IBS group (the "Proposals") by means of a scheme of arrangement under
Section 157 of the Isle of Man Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme"). The details of
the Proposals were set forth in a circular posted to the holders of Scheme
Securities (as defined below) on August 4, 2014 (the "Circular") and in a
securities prospectus dated August 4, 2014 as amended and supplemented by
Supplement No. 1 dated August 21, 2014 (together the "Prospectus") published for
purposes of implementing the Scheme in Germany and Austria. Pursuant to the
Proposals holders of the global depositary receipts of IBS Group Holding (the
"IBS Group GDRs"), listed on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange (general standard) (ISIN: US4509391037), and issued and outstanding
shares in IBS Group Holding other than the shares held by BXA Investments Ltd
and Croyton Limited (the "Scheme Shares", and together with the IBS Group GDRs
the "Scheme Securities") would receive, for each Scheme Security cancelled
pursuant to the Scheme, 0.90 shares in Luxoft Holding, Inc. (the "Exchange
Ratio"). Meetings to consider, and if thought fit, approve the Scheme (the
"Court Meeting") and associated matters (the "General Meeting") were to be held
on September 15, 2014.

   IBS Group Holding now announces that:

   (a) the Court of the Isle of Man has agreed to adjourn the Court Meeting to a
later date;

   (b) the General Meeting will be held only for the purpose of adjourning the
meeting to reflect the adjournment of the Court Meeting;

   (c) the Exchange Ratio will be amended such that, for each Scheme Security
cancelled, holders of Scheme Securities will receive 0.95 shares in the capital
of Luxoft Holding, Inc.; and

   (d) a revised circular and associated prospectus (following its approval by
the BaFin) will be published in due course, pursuant to which an adjourned Court
Meeting and the General Meeting will be convened, which documents will reflect
the revised Exchange Ratio and an updated timetable of expected events.

   IBS Group Holding has received indications from holders of the Scheme
Securities, representing approximately 70% of the votes to be cast on the
Scheme, that they intend to vote in favor of the Scheme, including from Fidelity
Worldwide Investment, Genesis and Sberbank Asset Management.

   Source: Company Website

COMPANY RELEASE

   [Company Release]

http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Germany/Stock/News/45986.htm
l

   Source: Company Website

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014


                              624 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Submit proposals for schemes by Mar 31: Finance Ministry to ministries

BYLINE: ens economic bureau

LENGTH: 490  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


To ensure continuation of certain schemes beyond the end of the 12th Five Year
Plan on March 31 this year, the Ministry of Finance has asked all departments
and ministries to submit details of the schemes for appraisal before the end of
March.

"... it has been directed that all ministries/departments should undertake an
outcome review of their ongoing schemes at the end of 12th Five Year Plan and
for further continuation resubmit the same for appraisal and approval unless the
scheme has already been made co-terminus with the Fourteenth Finance commission
period or beyond. The ministries/departments should ensure submission of their
schemes for appraisal at the earliest before end of March, 2017, so that the
schemes can continue beyond 12th Five Year Plan in a smooth, rationalised and
effective manner," an office memorandum of the expenditure department said.

"In the past every scheme, proposed for continuation beyond a five year plan,
was revisited at the end of that plan period. The plan era is ending with the
present 12th Five Year Plan. To improve quality of the government expenditure,
every scheme should have a sunset date and an outcome review," the memorandum
said.

Watch What Else is Making News

In August 2016, the Department of Expenditure under the finance ministry had
directed all departments and ministries to undertake an outcome review of their
ongoing schemes at the end of 12th Five Year Plan. The finance ministry had
asked all departments and ministries to submit the details of the schemes unless
the scheme has already been made co-terminus with the Fourteenth Finance
commission (FFC) period (April 1, 2015-March 31, 2020) or beyond.

The schemes will be aligned with the financial resources cycle of Central and
state governments, which will be co-terminus with the Finance Commission cycles,
the first such one being the remaining Fourteenth Finance Commission period
ending March 2020, it said. The departments and ministries should seek approval
for continuation of the schemes only if the outcome review for the scheme has
been positive and shows that there is a need to continue the scheme in view of
its mandate and performance. "...further rationalisation may be carried out by
merging, restructuring or dropping existing schemes and sub-schemes that are
duplicate or have become redundant or ineffective with the passage of time," it
said.

Since the flow of funds in all schemes will be through the Public Financial
Management System, the finance ministry has asked the departments and ministries
to include the necessary modification in their proposals relating to the
implementation mechanism prepare their proposals for continuation of schemes
accordingly. The Union Budget for 2017-18 has done away with the classification
of plan and non-plan expenditure and as a precursor to this decision, the
government in the Budget for 2016-17 had brought down the number of Central
sector schemes to around.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Delhi Edition

Schemes Didi Can Bank On

BYLINE: Sutanuka.Ghosal@timesgroup.com

SECTION: SATURDAY FEATURE

LENGTH: 948 words


Sixteen-year-old Najmun Nahar Khatun of Arijullapur Siddiqia High Madrasah would
have been married by now. Her parents had almost fixed her marriage when she
heard about a government scheme that offered financial aid to girl students aged
12-18 to continue with their studies, provided they are unmarried.

"The moment I came to know about the scheme, I rushed to the school with my
parents to get details of it. This was in 2014. And, subsequently, I got the
money and I could avoid marriage. Today I dream to become a doctor," she said.
Najmun, daughter of a fisherman in Deganga village, about 45 kms from downtown
Kolkata, will appear for her class 10 board exam next year.

The Kanyashree programme in West Bengal that offers a monthly scholarship of
'750 to girl students from financially weak families is one of the flagship
schemes of the Mamata Banerjee government that her Trinamool Congress believes
will boost its chances in the April-May assembly elections. Another is the
Khadya Sathi scheme to supply rice and wheat at '2 a kg. This is implemented
under the central government's Antyodaya Anna Yojana, but with the state further
subsidising the grains that otherwise would have cost '3 a kg.

Trinamool Congress leaders said they will highlight these welfare schemes of its
government in the upcoming elections. The CPI-M and BJP, however, don't give the
credit for the programmes to Banerjee. While the opposition accuses the chief
minister and her party of trying to project central programmes as their own,
their leaders mostly acknowledge the benefits of the schemes.

As on February 29, as many as 31.42 lakh girl students have been enrolled under
the

girl students have been Kanyashree scheme, with Burdwan, Murshidabad, Nadia, Nor
t h a nd S out h 24 Parganas being the best performing among the state's 20
districts.

Abu Taher Md Mustafa, nodal officer for the Kanyashree scheme in the madrasah
where Najmun is studying, said the scheme is helping reduce dropouts among girl
students.

While earlier nearly 70-80 girls used to leave school half way per year, the
number has now dwindled to 10-15. "We are now trying to bring down the number to
zero through awareness programmes," Mustafa said. The madrasah has 1,030 girl
students.

Some 72km from Deganga in Hooghly's

Sahaganj, 64-year-old BN Choubey is a beneficiary of the Khadya Sathi scheme to
provide subsidised rice and wheat. Each family gets 15 kg rice and 20 kg wheat a
month under this scheme, which is aimed at providing food to 7.49 crore people,
or almost 80% of the state's population.

"We have launched this scheme two months back and we have already reached most
of the households by now," said state food and supplies minister Jyotipriyo
Mullick.

Mullick said Bengal has tweaked the central programme to make the grains
cheaper."We have provided a subsidy of '919 crore in fiscal 2016 for the Khadya
Sathi scheme. We have already procured 24.22 lakh tonnes of

paddy, which will give us 16 lakh tonnes of rice, and bought 7 lakh tonnes of
wheat," he said.

While Khadya Sathi is a more recent programme, Kanyashree was launched on
October 1, 2013. The purpose of the scheme, which has been applauded by UNICEF
and UK's Department for International Development, is to ensure the education of
girls and thereby preventing child marriage.

The scheme is open to students from families with income of less than '10,000 a
month.Along with the monthly aid, the girls get a one-time grant of '25,000 when
they turn 18 to pursue higher studies. The state had initially allocated '1,000
crore for the programme,

which has now gone up to '1,318 crore in the vote-of-account passed recently in
the assembly. The students who avail of the scheme are given a unique ID number.

"Apart from helping imparting education to the girl child, Kanyashree has been
able to control trafficking of young girls from Bengal," said Bengal's minister
for women and child and social welfare, Shashi Panja.

Woman rights activist Saswati Ghosh said the scheme has created a sense of
aspiration among young girls. "Opening of a bank account, handling the money and
continue her education without family's financial help have created a sense of
confidence among them. There may be some aberrations here and there but overall
the scheme appears to be encouraging," she said.

While Banerjee used her mass movement

in Singur and Nandigram as poll plank to come to power in 2011, this time these
two schemes \xAD Kanyashree Khadya Sathi \xAD will likely become the centre of
her election campaign, said political observers.

"We will definitely use Kanyashree scheme as well Khadya Sathi scheme to reach
out to rural Bengal in the upcoming assembly elections," a Trinamool leader
said. "Both are unique schemes designed by Didi."

The CPI-M and BJP rubbished Trinamool's claim. Samik Lahiri, a former CPI-M MP,
said during the Left Front rule in the state, there were many such schemes to
help SC, ST, minority and poor students. "Didi is actually diverting the central
funds in Kanyashree and other such schemes and trying to gain publicity. We will
fight Didi's claim during election campaigns," Lahiri said.

BJP leader Jaiprakash Majumdar echoed the same. "We are not against woman
empowerment. But Didi should have the minimum courtesy to give the credit to the
central government, whose funds she is using for the scheme," he said.

And, if the scheme was so effective, then how come Bengal tops the list in girl
trafficking, asked Majumdar. "This simply means that the scheme's money is not
reaching the right beneficiary."

To know the political impact of the schemes, one has to now wait until May 19,
the day set for counting of votes.

Sutanuka.Ghosal@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday
                                  Pune Edition

Govt okays new crop insurance scheme with low premium

BYLINE: Vishwa.Mohan@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 592 words


The government on Wednesday approved a new crop insurance scheme which will have
the lowest-ever premium, post-harvest cover, and mandatory use of technology for
quick settlement of claims. The scheme, which PM Modi called a
"Lohri/Pongal/Bihu" gift to farmers, will also allow individual farmers to buy
insurance.

Seen as an important political initiative, the scheme, to be launched from the
next kharif crop cycle beginning in June, will eventually replace existing farm
insurance schemes which have not even covered onefourth of the crop area of
194.40 million hectares in the country .

Besides keeping the premium low, the new scheme -Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima
Yojana

-also has a provision to compensate insured farmers if they have to skip sowing
due to natural calamities like floods, unseasonal rains, hailstorms or cyclones.

Farmers will have to pay a

uniform premium of only 2% for kharif crops and 1.5% for rabi crops as against
the average premium of 5.5% for foodgrains under existing schemes.

The remaining premium amount under the new scheme will be borne by the Centre
and state governments equally , entailing an outgo of Rs 8,800 crore annually by
the central government for coverage of 50% of the crop area of 194.40 million
hectares.

"There is no upper limit on government subsidy . Even if the balance premium is
90%, it will be borne by the government," agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh
said while calling it "path breaking" scheme for

armers".

"Farmer brothers and sisters, at a time when you are celebrating festivals like
Lohri, Pongal and Bihu, the government has given you a gift in the form of Prime
Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme," Modi tweeted hours after home minister
Rajnath Singh announced the Cabinet decision. "This is a historic day . I am
confident that this scheme, which is inspired by the consideration of armers'
benefit, will bring about a major transformation to the lives of farmers," he
said while noting He added that the new scheme included

successful aspects of existing schemes and "effectively addresses" whatever was
lacking in themose schemes.

BJP chief Amit Shah immediately welcomed the profarmer measure, which is
expected to blunt the pro-rich charge opponents have leveled at the Modi
government.

At present, there are two schemes -National Agricultural Insurance Schemes
(NAIS) and Modified NAIS-in the market, having with high variability in premium
rates. While NAIS was launched in 1999, MNAIS has been in operation since 2010.

Under the new scheme,

farmers will have to pay a uniform premium throughout the country . Besides, the
new scheme will treat individual farmer as unit of insurance unlike existing
schemes where an entire village or a group of villages is taken as a unit to
arrive at damage and compensation.Under the old schemes, farmers having farms in
low lying areas had to suffer the most as they were eligible for just an average
compensation (insured sum) package.

"The new scheme is definitely an improvement over the previous schemes but much
depends on the finer

details when it will be rolled out. The use of technology in loss assessment,
individual farmer as unit of insurance in case of certain damages and subsidy on
premium are long pending demands of farmers' organizations," said Sudhir Panwar,
president of the Kisan Jagriti Manch and Member Planning Commission in Uttar
Pradesh.

Welcoming the move, Panwar said, "It is a big relief to farmers after three
successive crop failures. This is also a first step towards income assurance
needed in farm sector at this juncture."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               November 27, 2015

Govt gets Rs 246 cr from gold bonds,tweaks monetisation scheme

BYLINE: megha

LENGTH: 639  words


New Delhi: Government today said Gold Bond scheme got overwhelming response from
retail investors with 63,000 applications amounting to Rs 246 crore, while the
gold monetisation scheme, which has so far witnessed a "slow response", has been
tweaked. On gold bond scheme, a Finance Ministry statement said: "This scheme
saw an overwhelming response from the investors throughout the country and
initial figures show that about 63,000 applications were received for a total of
Rs 246.20 crore by banks and post offices for 917 kg of gold."

The first tranche of Sovereign Gold Bond, which was issued by the RBI between
November 5-20 through banks and post offices, saw "overwhelming response" from
retail investors. As regards the Gold monetisation scheme, the statement said
that those depositing gold under the scheme would be exempt from Income Tax and
Capital Gains Tax. It said that after stakeholder consultation following "slow
response" to this scheme, the government has taken seven decision to "improve
the reach of the scheme".

These decisions also include gold depositors can give their gold directly to the
refiner without involving the collection and purity testing centres wherever it
is acceptable to the banks. "This will encourage the bulk depositors like HUFs
and institutions to participate in the scheme," it said.

Also to increase the awareness among depositors, the government will continue
the campaign in print media, social media, radio and television. The Bureau of
Indian Standards (BIS) has modified the licensing condition to refiners which is
likely to increase the number of licences gold refiners to nearly 20.

"BIS has invited applications from the more than 13,000 licensed jewellers to
act as a Collection and Purity Testing Centres (CPTCs) in the scheme provided
they have tie-up with BIS's licensed refiners," the statement added. BIS is
expected to complete the registration of 55 numbers of CPTCs by the end of
December.

The Finance Ministry statement said fees to the banks on account of testing,
transport, refining and storage services at CPTCs and refiners for Medium and
Long Term Government Deposits will be reimbursed based on the actuals. "The
above steps and the clarifications are expected to fetch a better response from
the depositors," the statement added.

Till November 18, the gold monetisation scheme had garnered 400 gm of physical
gold. The country has over 20,000 tonnes worth over Rs 52 lakh crore of idle
gold with households and institutions. The gold monetisation scheme aims to
reduce the country's reliance on the import of gold to meet the domestic demand.

Presently there are 33 CPTCs and 5 refiners that are notified under the scheme,
the statement said, adding this had resulted into signing of limited number of
tripartite agreements among banks, CPTCs and refiners.

"After the slow response to this scheme, a meeting of all the stakeholders of
the scheme was held in the Department of Economic Affairs. In the meeting, a
number of decisions were taken to improve the reach of the scheme," it said.

The statement said both the bond and monetisation schemes are innovative schemes
and these are early days of implementation. "Based on the feedback received from
the stakeholders of the schemes, Government will continuously monitor and review
the progress of the schemes at the regular intervals and make necessary
improvements, in order to increase the reach of the schemes," it said.

Earlier in the day Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das had tweeted on
gold bond scheme saying "Excellent response for an innovative product". "The
positive response to this new and innovative saving instrument has elicited
response from across the country and it is expected that subsequent tranches
will continue to receive such enthusiastic response," the Finance Ministry
statement said.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Gap cover ban 'a blow to scheme members';
Spiralling medical scheme costs are fuelling the demand for gap and top-up
cover, insurers say, and outlawing these products will make private health care
even more unaffordable for you. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1290 words


Short-term insurers are preparing for a fight over proposals to outlaw various
health insurance policies. They say the proposals are a blow to medical scheme
members, who are already hard-pressed in meeting soaring private healthcare
costs.

The insurers say they will, if necessary, resort to legal action to oppose draft
regulations and a|proposed amendment to the definition of a medical scheme that
will ban gap and top-up cover and limit hospital cash plans.

Gap and top-up cover supplement medical scheme cover for people who cannot
afford to join more expensive options. Hospital cash plans provide cover for
low-income earners who cannot afford medical scheme contributions.

The affordability of healthcare cover is already a very sore point for many
consumers and their schemes.

The long-awaited draft regulations under the Short Term|Insurance Act and the
Long Term Insurance Act were released by National Treasury last week.

This week, Treasury released the Financial Services Laws General Amendment Bill,
which proposes to amend the definition of a medical scheme in the Medical
Schemes Act in a way that all health policies are likely to fall within the
definition and therefore will have to register as schemes or close down.

The draft regulations exempt certain policies from the Medical Schemes Act, but
not gap or top-up cover, so if the regulations are promulgated, insurers will
not be able to renew these policies once their annual or monthly term is up.

The regulations will exempt hospital cash plans only if they cover your loss of
income during a stay in hospital, rather than paying a lump sum related to your
hospital costs.

Gap cover policies provide cover when your medical scheme does not pay a
specialist's bill in full. Top-up cover typically covers co-payments or provides
cover once you have exhausted your scheme benefits.

National Treasury says the proposals are necessary to protect the risk pools of
medical schemes from being undermined by the loss of younger, healthier members,
who can obtain cheaper insurance cover to finance their health care.

Treasury says a failure to outlaw certain products will make medical scheme
membership increasingly unaffordable for the old and sick.

But insurers strongly disagree that their pro-ducts undermine medical schemes.
They argue that scheme members are migrating to cheaper options (or buying down)
mainly because they cannot afford the above-inflation increases on medical
schemes, and not because of the availability of insurance products.

They say the draft regulations propose removing your right to use affordable
products to insure yourself against the financial risks of uncovered medical
expenses.

Taking action

If the regulations go ahead as proposed and should they affect the policies of
Guardrisk, the insurer will consider legal action, Richard Eales, the executive
for corporate risk solutions at Guardrisk, says.

The company will also consider other products or even registering as a medical
scheme, he says.

Guardrisk, an Alexander Forbes subsidiary and the biggest gap cover provider in
South Africa, estimates there are 250 000 gap cover policies in place, five
times more than there were about six years ago.

Day1Health will also challenge the regulations in the High Court if they are
enacted as proposed, chief executive Richard Blackman says. Day1Health provides
insurance policies that cover day-to-day and hospital costs (see page 4).

Michael Settas, director of Xelus, a provider of gap cover, says Xelus will
oppose the regulations. However, should they be implemented as proposed, Xelus
will consider restructuring its policies' benefits to provide predetermined
amounts for procedures in hospital.

The predetermined amounts could be higher or lower than your actual gap, so you
will have less|certainty than you do with existing gap cover products, Settas
says.

These policies will have to pay out regardless of whether or not you have a gap
in your cover, he says. This will make these policies less efficient and will
increase the cost to you, Settas says.

Should the government proceed with the regulations in their current form, Settas
says, there will be a huge public backlash or a legal|challenge over the
constitutional right of consumers to insure themselves against financial risks.

Peter Hyman, director of Complimed, another provider of gap and top-up cover,
will also submit objections but predicts that if the regulations are promulgated
as proposed, providers of gap cover policies will be able to adapt their benefit
designs to fall in line with the regulations.

Marco Fonto, managing director of Stratum Benefits, which provides top-up and
gap cover, says scheme members desperately need the cover that Stratum provides,
and it will also oppose the regulations.

Question of affordability

Hyman says an important question is whether you, as a medical scheme member, can
afford to upgrade your option if gap cover is outlawed (see "End of gap cover
would pose a major cost headache", above).

He also points out that some medical schemes do not offer higher cover for
specialists' costs.

There will continue to be gaps in your healthcare cover, because|medical
providers are not going to drop their rates and medical schemes will not
increase the rates at which they reimburse providers, which means the consumer
will be out of pocket, he says.

Hyman says Complimed data from January 2011 to date show that 15 percent of the
claims it has paid exceed 300 percent of the scheme rate, and as much as 57
percent exceed 200 percent.

He questions what will happen to consumers who commit to a higher medical scheme
contribution but still face a shortfall.

Complimed's product range predominantly benefits low- to middle- income earners,
because shortfalls in medical scheme cover can financially cripple them, Hyman
says. Higher-income earners can afford to buy higher medical scheme benefits.

Settas, who describes the draft regulations as a blow to scheme members
struggling against soaring private healthcare costs, says Xelus's recent claims
show that medical scheme members can face high out-of-pocket expenses for
certain procedures.

For example, the company paid R20 948 for a 65-year-old member with chronic
anaemia and R11 070 for a member who needed an ear drum repair.

Settas says the Council for Medical Schemes's 2010 annual report shows that only
about 50 percent of private hospital admissions are for conditions covered by
the prescribed minimum benefits.

In a circular last year, the Council for Medical Schemes said "high increases in
medical specialists' costs cannot be rationally explained and might be
attributed to inherent market failures within the private healthcare sector",
Settas says.

The enormous growth in gap cover products over recent years has not been a
result of consumer choice but has been precipitated by this very market failure,
he says.

South Africa has a shortage of specialists, who have shown little interest in
contracting with medical schemes, because this would require them to charge
rates equal to the schemes' tariffs, Settas says.

This market failure leaves medical scheme members exposed, and, if the draft
regulations are finalised as proposed, the consumer is going to lose, Settas
warns.

The Council for Medical Schemes, in its 2010 annual report last year, said its
survey of why medical scheme members had changed options showed that most people
had moved to cheaper options because they could not afford to stay on
higher-cost ones.

Complimed's underwriting manager, Ambledown Risk & Underwriting Managers, is of
the view that if gap cover is not allowed to continue, members will remain on
the option they can afford and pay the shortfalls that arise, Ambledown managing
director Tiago de Carvalho says.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

BK Chaturvedi report may not be implemented next fiscal

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 8 -- As the Centre plans to implement Planning Commission member
BK Chaturvedi (BKC) Committee report on restructuring of centrally sponsored
schemes (CSS) from the Budget 2012-13.

States want the committee to 'go little far' and provide more discretionary
powers to the them in implementing the schemes implying that the recommendations
may not come into effect from the next financial year.

One of the major opposition is the quantum of 'flexi fund', according to a Plan
Panel official privy to the conference held between Plan Panel and Chief
Secretaries of the States on Monday.

Majority of the States want the 'flexi fund' to be 50 per cent of Budget
allocation of a particular scheme.

BKC Committee had recommended that 20 per cent of Budget allocation in all the
CSS (10 per cent in flagship schemes) should be earmarked as 'Flexi Funds' to
give State Governments flexibility in the CSS to meet their special needs.

Such funds could be used for other related schemes or sub-schemes, giving States
power to use funds where needed.

Besides giving States discretionary power to use the funds, this could check
superfluous funds in certain schemes remaining unutilised.

The BKC Committee had recommended 44 per cent of the total CSS with an average
annual outlay of less than Rs 100 crore do not achieve the objective of making
an impact across the States.

Such schemes are, therefore, not suitable as a CSS and need to be implemented by
the States, unless required as part of convergence process of a broader scheme
at the Centre.

It recommended that the existing 147 CSS should be restructured into three
categories - Flagship Schemes, which will address major national interventions
required on education, health, irrigation, urban development infrastructure,
rural infrastructure, skill development and employment; Sub-Sectoral Schemes to
address developmental problems of sub-sectors of major sectors like agriculture,
education and health; Sector Umbrella Schemes which will address the sectoral
gaps to help improve effectiveness of Plan expenditure.

With this, the total number of schemes can be reduced to 59 from the existing
147: 9 flagship, 39 Sub-Sectoral or Umbrella and 11 Additional Central
Assistance schemes.

The Committee said that all existing 9 flagship CSS should be continued, adding
National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) also as flagship scheme in view of its
financial outlay and broad scope.

States, however, agreed to keep the number of flagship schemes only 9, leaving
out NRLM as flagship schemes don't give much leeway to States in using funds and
implementation.

The Committee had said that all new CSS (except new flagship schemes) should be
a part or subcomponent of Sub-Sectoral Schemes or Umbrella Schemes and must be
100 per cent Centrally funded.

But in new flagship schemes counter-part funds from State Government could be
required up to a maximum of 25 per cent (10 per cent in case of North East)
depending upon the interventions planned. States however, outrightly, said that
they should not be asked to contribute to the CSS. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Schemes for SC, OBC launched

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 439 words


PANAJI: The Goa state scheduled caste (SC) and other backward classes (OBC)
finance and development corporation on Tuesday announced a slew of schemes for
the SC and OBC communities in Goa.

New chairman Girish Chodankar told mediapersons that the upward ceiling of the
corporation's various loan schemes has been enhanced from 5 to 10 lakh and also
the repayment period has been increased from 5 to 7 years.

Chodankar said that though the corporation had various loan schemes, the benefit
was not reaching the needy due to restrictive conditions.

One condition was for the loan applicant to produce a government surety while
applying for a loan. But poor applicants were unable to provide government
sureties and therefore could not avail of the loan schemes. Now, these
applicants can avail of a loan by providing any person as surety, provided the
surety files his returns and his income is sufficient to cover the loan.

Chodankar said that the corporation did not have local schemes for the SC and
OBC communities in Goa. Now, it has introduced several schemes. One is the Graha
Suraksha loan scheme of up to 2 lakh at an interest of 4% meant for house
repairs.

The second scheme is the Adarshila scheme for reviving traditional business
activity of up to 2 lakh at 4% interest. This has a back-ended scheme of 25,000
or 12.5% of the project cost, whichever is less.

The corporation has also introduced financial assistance schemes. One is the
Vidhyavardini scheme under which the corporation will bear the expenses of
tuition fees up to graduate level of SC/OBC students who have secured good marks
at the higher secondary (Class XII) level. The benchmark for SC students for
availing of this financial assistance is 60% and that for OBC students is 75%.

The second is the funeral assistance scheme. Under this scheme, the corporation
will provide an amount of 10,000 to poor SC/OBC families to perform the last
rites of their departed family members.

The third is the financial assistance for the purchase of artificial limbs. This
scheme has been introduced to take care of handicapped children from the SC/OBC
community who are in need of artificial limbs.

Under this scheme, an amount of up to 50,000 will be provided for the purchase
of an artificial limb till the child attains the age of 20 years. Another scheme
is for the distribution of dictionaries to students of Classes VIII, IX and X.
Under this scheme, SC/OBC students will be provided with free English
dictionaries.

The last scheme is for the distribution of four GB pen drives to students of
Classes XI and XII from the SC/OBC communities.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 July 22, 2011

Fixing health care

BYLINE: Mandy Smallhorne

LENGTH: 1363 words


There are few subjects more emotive than medical schemes. Open the subject at
any gathering and you're likely to get a tsunami of complaints.   Even satisfied
customers, like human resources consultant Bridgette Khama, have niggles with
the open medical scheme she and her clients use: when low-income employees
choose cheaper options, she says, they are forced to use a less convenient
network of suppliers such as hospitals.  Pensioner Hilary S. doesn't want her
name to be used because she fears offending her scheme. She's had to 'buy down'
to a cheaper plan due to spiralling premiums and believes her scheme
communicates badly.

Her son Jonathan says it's unfair that his parents have contributed all their
lives, and now he has to assist with medical costs while also carrying a heavy
premium for himself, his wife and three teenage children. Why is this so?
"People often encounter the healthcare system at times of illness and stress,
only to find that it is sometimes complex and difficult to navigate," says
Discovery CEO Dr Jonathan Broomberg. "Healthcare is also costly and becomes more
expensive each year, as new expensive medicines and procedures become available,
and as the prevalence of chronic diseases increases. All of these are global
problems and not unique to South Africa."   High costs mean that "health
insurance remains an imperative, whether private or government-funded. What
remains to be done is proper regulation of how such funds are administered and
regulated," says Dr Norman Mabasa, chairman of the South African Medical
Association (SAMA).    Which is the best route -- an open or a closed scheme? A
traditional one that offers a straight deal -- pay the premium and we cover the
medical costs -- or one which offers 'extras' such as discounts on gym
membership along with medical cover?   South Africa has more than 100 medical
schemes which cover less than a fifth of the population, primarily those in
employment who can afford the premiums. The majority of these schemes are closed
or restricted -- they serve only the employees of a specific company, like
Sasolmed; or, like Bankmed, only people who work in a specific industry.
"Medical schemes are essentially funds where member contributions are kept in
trust to be used when needed," explains Freddy Beukes, wellness manager at
Sasol. Some schemes administer these funds themselves, but nowadays many hand
the responsibility over to a medical schemes administrator.   "There are not
many self-administered schemes left," says Dr Leighton MacDonald, who heads up
Bankmed. "It's a complex business and it costs a lot. Administrators can take
advantage of economies of scale." The scheme itself is not-for-profit, but the
administrator may make profits.    Open or closed? Until a couple of decades
back, closed schemes were basically all that was available to South Africans,
and they have distinct advantages. "The trustees of closed schemes have employer
representation," says Beukes. "So the employer has the ability to influence the
health and wellness of its employees and their families (the scheme
beneficiaries) by funding and promoting preventative care. This can be
coordinated with employee assistance programmes at the workplace."   In
addition, he says, "Benefits are typically richer than in the open scheme
environment. Benefit structuring is typically transparent and easily
understandable. Contribution rates and employer subsidies are typically adjusted
to the income bands of employees, supporting the socialistic nature of
healthcare funding as entrenched in the South African Constitution."   Moreover,
he points out that closed schemes don't have to fund marketing budgets, and
MacDonald says this can be a significant saving: non-healthcare costs in open
schemes may be nearly twice that of closed schemes.   Dr Broomberg, on the other
hand, sees the open scheme as the wave of the future: "In the case of large open
schemes, such as Discovery, one critical advantage is that the very large risk
pool provides enormous financial stability. A large open scheme can handle
significant claims volatility without impacting on reserves or premiums. In 2010
paid a large number of claims in excess of R1 million, and the largest claim
paid was for R16.5 million for one 20-day hospital admission."   In addition, he
says, large open schemes can offer a large number of different plan options,
catering for all levels of need and affordability. Discovery has been a pioneer
in offering 'extras' to attract new members, which is quite different from the
traditional model where your premium buys you cover for medical costs and
nothing else.  This is seen as positive by many in the industry - medical
schemes can only work well where they follow the basic principle of insurance:
that the loss, which would have fallen heavily on the one, falls lightly on the
many. In other words, the young and healthy, who claim seldom, are vital to
ensure there are funds for those who are ill, elderly or injured.
"Cross-subsidisation is absolutely critical," says MacDonald. He says medical
cover is usually a 'grudge purchase', especially for those in their 20s and 30s
who still feel immortal. If discounts on gym membership encourage them to join
by making them feel they are 'earning back' their premiums, this will improve
the spread of risk and the scheme's ability to cover the needs of all its
members.  Industry issues There are some burning issues in the industry. You'd
expect National Health Insurance to be top of the list, but it's not so: "We
support NHI," says MacDonald. "We know it has to come. It will extend
healthcare, and pricing will get attention from the government."   Pricing is a
huge issue, according to Heidi Kruger, spokesperson for the Board of Healthcare
Funders (BHF), the representative body for schemes. Last year, a high court
ruling set aside the National Reference Price List, the guideline for healthcare
fees, and that has caused uncertainty.   "The difficulty of having no reference
price is that it leads to ambiguity," says Katy Caldis, CEO of Fedhealth.
"Providers ideally need a guideline of what the medical schemes' reimbursement
rate will be to set their charges. Without these parameters it often leads to
confusion and sometimes leads to unintended out-of-pocket payments from
consumers, even in cases where healthcare professionals were not aiming to
charge a higher rate."   Dr Mabasa is forthright: "As SAMA we believe that the
health sector was legislated out of function and sanity when the Competitions
Commission prohibited bargaining between doctors and hospitals on the one hand
as well as the medical schemes (represented by Board of Healthcare Funders) on
the other. This allowed anyone to charge anything as there is no benchmark and
all this is within the law."   SAMA supports the establishment of a
representative structure which will base its decisions on research into the cost
of healthcare delivery. "The fees paid by medical schemes are far below what the
researched cost-studies have revealed."   The other major issue in play at
present is Prescribed Minimum Benefits (PMBs). The Council for Medical Schemes
(the statutory body which regulates schemes) and the BHF are headed for a court
date in September where the meaning of the 'payment in full' requirement of
Regulation 8 of the Medical Schemes Act, relating to PMBs, will be decided.
Does it mean pay up to the limits in scheme rules, or pay whatever the
healthcare provider charges? This goes to the heart of medical schemes cover, as
nearly 300 fairly common conditions fall under PMBs, including things like
hypertension, heart disease and certain cancers.   The Act's intention was to
ensure that members would never run out of benefits for these conditions. It's
all part of a necessary process to hammer out a system that South Africa can
live with.   "All parties need to work together to make the system more
sustainable by improving outcomes and reducing cost," says Caldis. "This
requires partnership, dialogue and true sharing of responsibilities between
consumers, healthcare professionals and funders/facilitators of healthcare."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: There are few subjects more emotive than medical schemes. Open the
subject at any gathering and you're likely to get a tsunami of complaints.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Narooma News

                                  May 18, 2011

NSW Government closes solar bonus scheme

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 1081  words

What do you think about the decision to close the scheme? Please post comment
below or contact us at editor.naroomanews@ruralpress.com if you have just
installed a solar system

Andrew Constance, Member for Bega, this week stated that the NSW Government
announcement of the permanent closure of the Solar Bonus Scheme to new
applicants and a reduction in the gross tariff from 60 cents to 40 cents was a
move aimed at easing the cost burden of the Scheme on households across the
region paying for it through their power bills.

The NSW Minister for Resources and Energy, Chris Hartcher announced the
Government was closing the Scheme to new applicants effective midnight 28 April
2011 and will introduce legislation to Parliament as soon as possible to support
these changes.

"This is a Scheme that from the outset has been characterised by policy failure
and an extraordinary level of mismanagement," Andrew Constance said.

"The schemes original cost was to be around $355 million and I'm advised that
its now expected cost is $1.9 billion.

"There are seniors and families huddled under blankets freezing this winter
because they can't afford their power bills and continuing to support the blow
out in the scheme.

"I know some people who installed the panels will be effected by this decision
but the government really had no choice but to act," Andrew Constance said.

The Government has announced that all applications received by network
businesses before the hold was imposed would be honoured.

"The honouring of all applications received prior to the hold date but yet to be
connected means an additional 40,000 customers will have access to the Scheme.

"This is on top of the 120,000 customers already participating," Chris Hartcher
NSW Energy Minister said.

This decision will see approximately 364MW of renewable energy connected to the
grid.

"This will ensure continuing work for the solar industry while the Government
continues to work towards the establishment of responsible energy policy."

Customers eligible for the 60 cent tariff will see their tariff rate reduced to
40 cents from 1 July 2011 for the remainder of the Scheme.

Customers eligible for the 20 cent tariff will see no change.

"While some customers under the original 60 cent Scheme may have had certain
expectations of financial returns, it is important to remember that the Scheme
was never intended to provide windfall profits," Chris Hartcher said.

"A typical customer with a 1.5 kilowatt system that fell under the 60 cent
Scheme can still expect to receive a return on their system's costs in
approximately four years.

"So those participating in the Scheme can still expect to receive a substantial
return on their investment," Chris Hartcher said.

Andrew Constance said it was also important that new customers be aware they
could still connect renewable energy generators to the grid, receive separate
retailer feed-in offers and other Commonwealth incentives.

"Solar systems last much longer than the length of the Solar Bonus Scheme."

The Government placed a two month hold on applications to the Scheme on 28 April
2011 while it considered the outcomes of Stage One of the NSW Solar Summit.

The Summit arrived at the consensus that the Solar Bonus Scheme be wound up in a
fair and equitable way, recognising the blown out costs of the Scheme that have
been imposed on non-participating households.

"Solar Summit Stage Two - to be held next month - will work to establish a
long-term and sustainable future for the NSW solar industry," Andrew Constance
said.

"Unlike the former Labor government, the Liberal/Nationals Government is
committed to achieving sustainable and affordable progress for renewables."

For information on the Solar Bonus Scheme visit www.industry.nsw.gov/energy or
call the Energy Information Line on 1300 136 888.

Nature Conservation Council slams solar cut backs

"The NSW government's proposal to slash the solar feed in tariff will destroy
confidence in the renewable energy industry in NSW," Nature Conservation Council
president Pepe Clark said.

"Premier Barry O'Farrell has betrayed the tens of thousands of households who
entered the solar bonus scheme in good faith, driven by a desire to reduce their
carbon pollution and ease rising energy costs.

"Householders who have done the right thing by making an investment in clean
energy are being unfairly penalised for the incompetence of the previous
government.

"Leaving tens of thousands of Solar Bonus Scheme participants short changed
won't put an end to rising power prices or improve energy security in NSW.

"The State government claims it is committed to renewable energy, yet it is
holding back clean energy growth by creating uncertainty over the solar feed in
tariff and no clear plan for reducing carbon pollution in NSW," he said.

Without solar action, every household  family would face $170  power bill slug

If John Robertson's solar bonus scheme went unchanged, it would have meant every
household would face a $170 rise in their power bill, NSW Premier Barry
O'Farrell said on Thursday.

"The solar bonus scheme is a classic example of why we were elected to office to
clean up Labor's mess," Mr O'Farrell said.

"The cost of the scheme is out of control," he said.

"When John Robertson framed this scheme he said the cost was going to be $355
million. The total cost of the scheme has now blown out to $1.9 billion.

"A five-fold blowout in the cost of a Government scheme cannot go unchecked.

"We supported a solar scheme - but we would never support a scheme which hits
every family in the State with higher power bills.

"If we allow this scheme to spiral out of control it will add $170 to every
family power bill in the State.

"Families across the State are already struggling to pay their electricity
bills. We are not going to lumber them with an additional $170 on their bills

"Even then Energy Minister, now Labor Leader, John Robertson said when
introducing the legislation to Parliament: "the scheme's levers may be adjusted
to ensure that excessive costs are not imposed on energy consumers as a result
of the scheme."1

"Labor introduced a scheme which is a mess; it is too generous; it will deliver
some people huge profits at the expense of ordinary families struggling to pay
their bills - and even the now Labor Leader acknowledged the scheme may need to
be adjusted.

"We cannot stand by and let that happen.

"That is why we are going to revise the solar bonus scheme and make it fairer
for everyone," Mr O'Farrell said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              June 15, 2008 Sunday

LDA redistributes 80 areas among 23 building inspectors

BYLINE: YASIR HABIB KHAN

LENGTH: 702 words


LAHORE - In connection with the on-going grand operation against land grabbers,
encroachment and retrieval of government land, the Lahore Development
Authority's (LDA) Directorate of Town Planning has re-distributed 80 areas among
23 building inspectors with immediate effect. It is the first large-scale
reshuffle in the LDA after Mian Shahbaz Sharif assumed his charge as Chief
Minister of Punjab. After taking oath for the office, he announced to eradicate
the evil of land grabbing from the province. He issued strict instructions to
LDA authorities to make LDA's grand operation a success.

Sources revealed that LDA Director General Irfan Ali had been in regular contact
with Shahbaz Sharif and kept apprising him about the details of operation. They
informed that on June 11, when he demanded some changes regarding re-allocation
of areas for building inspectors with Shahbaz Sharif, latter accepted them
forthwith. With a view to thwart activities of land grabbers, prevent
encroachments and discourage illegal constructions, the staff of the LDA Estate
Management Directorate has also held flag march on Sunday in Johar Town, Allama
Iqbal Town and other LDA housing schemes.

Estate management director, senior estate officer, estate officers, inspectors,
patwaris and police force participated in the flag march along with bulldozers
and other equipment for demolishing illegal constructions. Ownership documents
of under-construction buildings were checked on the spot. LDA has decided to
hold a flag march on every Sunday to curb the activities of land grabbers.

LDA Directorate of Town Planning re-distributed areas of Kashmir Road, Egerton
Road Scheme, Upper Mall Scheme, Guldasht Town, Sulley Town Formanites Housing
Scheme, State Life Housing Scheme and Farid Kot House to building Inspector
Munir-ul-Hassan Jafri. Building Inspector Abdul Ali Haider will work in Shah
Alam Gate Scheme, Shad Bagh, Badami Bagh, Grain Market, Kabari Market, Timber
Market, Qila Lachman Singh, Fruit and Vegetable Market, Ravi Link Road. Building
Inspector Agha Saleem Durrani will have Kapurthala House, Babo Bazar, Khanum
Bazar, Railway Station Scheme, Bharat Building, Data Nagar, and all private
housing schemes in the North East of Lahore.

Building Inspector Shahid Nazir will function in Gulberg-I, II and III, Muhammad
Fazil in Gulberg-IV and V, Fayyaz Zahoor in New Garden Town scheme, controlled
areas and private housing schemes of Ferozepur Road. Amjad Nazir in Allama Iqbal
Town Phase-I, Abdul Jabbar in Allama Iqbal Town Phase-II, Malik Muhammad Tufail
in Model Town Extention Scheme, Faisal Town Fruit and Vegetable Market Ferozepur
Road and Model Town Link Road.

Building Inspector Anjum Saleem will work in Mustafa Town Scheme, controlled
area of Ammunition Dept, Private Scheme and controlled area of left side of
Multan Road. Inam-ud-Din Khan in MA Jouhar Town Scheme Phase-I, private schemes
falling in MA Jouhar Town and New Muslim Town. Zia Hussain in MA Jouhar Town
Phase-II, Shafique Ahmad in Samanabad, 21-Acre Scheme, Poonch Road Street Scheme
, Multan Road Street Scheme Chauburji Development Scheme, Arya Nagar, Janak
Nagar Islamia Park, Raj Garh Scheme.

Building Inspector Raza Ali Shah will operate in Sabzazar Scheme Phase-I, Saleem
Abbas Zaidi in Sabzazar Scheme Phase-II, Irfan Sohail in Quaid-e-Azam Town
blocks A and B and Peco Road controlled area, Manzoor Ahmed in Quaid-e-Azma Town
blocks C and D and Civic Centre. Muhammad Haider in Gujjar Pura Scheme, Taj Pura
Scheme and Begum Pura, Haji Muhammad Afzal in Jubilee Town, Mohlanwal, LDA
Avenue-I, Controlled area and private housing scheme from Thokar Niaz Baig to
Bharia Town (both sides).

Building Inspector Akmal Butt will move in Gulshan-e-Ravi Scheme, Muhammad Asif
in controlled area of Multan Road starting from Chowk Yateem Khana upto Chung
(right side), WAPDA Town, NFC, PCSIR, Naz Town, Valencia Town, West Wood Colony,
controlled area of Raiwind Road (right side), Punjab Government Employees
Cooperative Society, Irfan Baig in Shadman, Shah Jamal, Fazlia Colony, Alpha
Society, TECH society, Canal View, Azam Garden, PCSIR Phase-1 and Ali Hussain
will work in PIA, Bor Society, Raiwind Road controlled area (left side).

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                        The Times Educational Supplement

                               November 14, 2003

Age Shall Not Weary Them...

BYLINE: Anthony Bailey

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; No.4558; Pg.36

LENGTH: 1372 words


...but the retirement years will condemn, Anthony Bailey says, if new teachers
don't take time to sort out pension arrangements

Changing career and opting for teaching is a big step that provides plenty to
think about. So some other things in your life may be pushed down the agenda,
not least your pension arrangements. But when you retire you may come to regret
having neglected your pension at the time of a career change.

Deciding to join the teachers' pension scheme is fairly easy for most new
entrants to the profession. It's among the better employer's schemes around. You
get a guaranteed, inflation-proofed pension of up to half your final salary
(depending on the number of years' membership in the scheme), in addition to the
basic state pension. You also get a tax-free lump sum equal to three years'
pension. And there are valuable fringe benefits, including a dependant's pension
and life insurance before you retire worth twice your pay.

But what about your pension arrangements before becoming a teacher? First comes
the issue of what to do about pensions while you take a break to do a PGCE. If
you have spare cash, you could pay into a stakeholder pension.

Stakeholder pensions are personal pensions provided by insurance companies and
other financial institutions. You pay contributions into a tax-free fund and the
provider can reclaim some tax relief to boost your contribution. You build up an
investment fund to buy a pension when you retire.

You will be able to transfer the stakeholder fund to the teacher's scheme when
you join it and, meanwhile, will have benefited from the tax perks while your
money is in the scheme. But, fund charges and adverse investment performance
could cancel out these perks if you pay into the plan over a short term.

An alternative is to save your money, for example, in a tax-free deposit-based
individual savings account (ISA). You could then use the money to buy added
years' membership (see below) of the teachers' pension scheme once you join it.

And that comes to the next issue: what to do about pension entitlements built up
before you enter teaching? You can transfer benefits from previous pension
schemes into the teachers' pension scheme, provided you do so within 12 months
of starting to pay contributions to the teachers' scheme.

You need to get transfer-in pack 449, available from your employer or the
teachers' pension scheme.

The scheme from which you transfer will work out a transfer value to be
transferred to the teachers' scheme. This will be used to buy added years in the
teachers' scheme.

The principle behind transfers is that you get the same pension in cash terms
whether or not you transfer. This means that there is, in theory, no financial
advantage in transferring. In practice, you may be better or worse off. The
transfer value is based on a range of complicated actuarially-based assumptions
of future inflation, investment returns and so on that may not turn out to be
correct by the time you take your pension.

Likewise, the receiving teacher's pension scheme has to work out what that money
can buy, based on assumptions which may not be much more than educated guesses.
If you transfer from a final salary-based pension to the teachers' scheme, you
could find that your money buys fewer years in the teachers' pension than you
had in the previous one. But a year's membership of the teachers' pension might
be worth more in cash terms, so that fewer years buy the same pension in cash
terms as you had in the previous one.

However, each year of teachers' pension could eventually be worth more if you
are promoted and get a higher salary when you retire. Bearing in mind that you
cannot know in advance whether the teachers' pension or your old pension will
eventually be worth more, transferring inevitably means taking a gamble. And the
gamble could be greater if you are transferring from a personal pension or
"money purchase" employer's company pension, where the eventual pension is based
on investment performance rather than how much you earn.

In particular, some transfer values include early-leaving penalties, which cut
the transfer value. It may be worth incurring a penalty if you reckon that, for
example, you'll get promotion and that a higher retiring pay will more than make
up for the penalty. Or you may feel it is safer to have your money in the
teachers' pension than leaving it in an old, more risky scheme where a former
employer may get into financial difficulties.

Transferring is never a straightforward decision. If in doubt, be prepared to
pay for independent advice from a genuine pensions specialist.

The rule requiring transfers within 12 months does not apply if you want to
transfer between the different teachers' schemes covering England and Wales,
Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

Transfers between these schemes can take place at any time up to retirement.
Similarly, you will be able to transfer out of the teachers'

pension scheme at any time before you reach the age of 59. You may want to do
this if, for example, you leave teaching.

Finally, there is the issue of how to increase your pension once you are in the
teachers' scheme. There are two basic options offered by the teachers'

scheme. First, you can buy "past added years" membership by paying a lump sum or
committing yourself to regular extra monthly deductions.

Second, you can pay into an additional voluntary contribution (AVC) scheme.

Your money builds up in a tax-free fund and the pension you get will depend on
the fund's performance. You could choose the official teachers' pension AVC
scheme run by Prudential (details below).

An advantage of buying added years over AVCs is that you buy a guaranteed
pension linked to your pay, rather than one based on the vagaries of unknown
future investment performance.

AVC schemes you have paid into before entering teaching can be transferred to
the Prudential scheme, but you cannot use them to buy added years in the main
teachers' pension scheme.

Separate from the teachers' pension scheme, you can choose a free-standing AVC
scheme from any provider, although the running costs (the amount you lose in
charges) may be higher than the in-house scheme run by Prudential.

You can also pay into a stakeholder pension while belonging to the teachers'
pension scheme, provided you earn no more than Pounds 30,000.

There are some differences between AVC schemes and stakeholder plans. The key
one is that the fund in an AVC scheme must be used to buy a pension annuity,
while you can take up to 25 per cent of a stakeholder pension as a tax-fee lump
sum.

Your employer should be able to answer your questions on pensions issues.

Or contact the separate pension schemes direct: England and Wales, Tel: 01325
745 746, www.teacherspensions.co.uk; Scotland, Tel: 01896 893 000,
www.scotland.gov.uk/sppa; Northern Ireland, Tel: 028 7131 9000, www.deni.gov.uk.
The different schemes work in similar ways, with only minor
differences.Information on the Prudential AVC scheme: www.pru-teachers.co.uk; or
write to Prudential, Teachers' AVCs, Abbey Gardens, 55 King's Road, Reading RG1
3AH

GRADUATES INCLUDED

Once you start full-time teaching, you will automatically become a member of the
teachers' pension scheme and have contributions deducted at a rate of 6 per cent
of your pre-tax pay, though you can choose to opt out.

Trainees on the graduate teacher programme are entitled to join the teachers'
pension scheme. Some employers may discourage you from joining, either because
they want to save money (since they have to make a contribution equal to 8.35
per cent of your pay) or they don't understand the rules.

If you are told that you are ineligible while you are on the graduate teacher
programme, consult your union or get legal advice from an employment specialist.
The Citizens' Advice Bureau may also be a useful first port of call if you don't
belong to a union.

Part-time teachers don't automatically become members and must apply to join.
Supply teachers who come through an agency (rather than being directly employed)
cannot join.


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2003 TSL Education Limited


                              635 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  June 7, 2002

IAPF benefits survey provides wealth of information on pension sector trends

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 453 words


Closing defined benefit schemes to new entrants

Some 7 per cent of all respondents have closed their defined benefit (DB)
schemes to new entrants since 1999 but have retained the DB scheme for existing
members. Improvement for part-timers

Three years ago, 21 per cent of part-time workers were excluded from their
employers' DB schemes. This has gone down to 13 per cent this year, reflecting
legislative change on equal treatment for part-time workers.

AVCs

Additional Voluntary Contributions are almost universally available and the
take-up ranges from well over 50 per cent in some companies to very low
percentages in others. The lower participation rates are often in more mature
schemes with an ageing membership or in new defined contribution schemes with a
young workforce.

Contribution levels

Some 78 per cent of members of DB schemes contribute to the scheme. That means
22 per cent don't! Three years ago that was 36 per cent so there has been a
significant move towards member contributions.

The pattern of contribution levels is very similar to the last survey. The
average percentage member contribution level in DB schemes is 5.3 per cent.

In defined contribution schemes, the average member contribution rate is lower
at 4.6 per cent. A significant number of schemes (mainly the more mature ones)
are currently availing of contribution holidays or are paying contribution
levels which appear lower than might be expected for the level of benefits
provided.

Employer contributions

Overall, for defined contribution schemes, the average employer contribution
rate is 6.7 per cent of salary, but this is influenced by a fair proportion of
small schemes with quite substantial employer contributions. The average
employer contribution rate for schemes covering at least 50 employees is 5.9 per
cent.

Pensions in payment

There has been a significant increase in the number of schemes explicitly
funding for post retirement increases. Some 67 per cent of DB schemes now fund
for pension increases, up from 55 per cent in 1999.

Spouses' benefits

By contrast with DB schemes, a far higher proportion of defined contribution
schemes provide no spouses' pension. This is offset to some extent by the
greater provision of a four times salary death benefit and the common addition
of the accumulated fund.

The more recent establishment of defined contribution schemes probably accounts
for the more flexible attitude to formal marital status. Some 55 per cent of
defined contribution schemes pay some form of spouses' pension. Similar pensions
are paid to non-marital partners "always" in 28 per cent of these schemes and
"in some cases" in 24 per cent of these schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              636 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  June 7, 2002

IAPF benefits survey provides wealth of information on pension sector trends

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 453 words


Closing defined benefit schemes to new entrants

Some 7 per cent of all respondents have closed their defined benefit (DB)
schemes to new entrants since 1999 but have retained the DB scheme for existing
members. Improvement for part-timers

Three years ago, 21 per cent of part-time workers were excluded from their
employers' DB schemes. This has gone down to 13 per cent this year, reflecting
legislative change on equal treatment for part-time workers.

AVCs

Additional Voluntary Contributions are almost universally available and the
take-up ranges from well over 50 per cent in some companies to very low
percentages in others. The lower participation rates are often in more mature
schemes with an ageing membership or in new defined contribution schemes with a
young workforce.

Contribution levels

Some 78 per cent of members of DB schemes contribute to the scheme. That means
22 per cent don't! Three years ago that was 36 per cent so there has been a
significant move towards member contributions.

The pattern of contribution levels is very similar to the last survey. The
average percentage member contribution level in DB schemes is 5.3 per cent.

In defined contribution schemes, the average member contribution rate is lower
at 4.6 per cent. A significant number of schemes (mainly the more mature ones)
are currently availing of contribution holidays or are paying contribution
levels which appear lower than might be expected for the level of benefits
provided.

Employer contributions

Overall, for defined contribution schemes, the average employer contribution
rate is 6.7 per cent of salary, but this is influenced by a fair proportion of
small schemes with quite substantial employer contributions. The average
employer contribution rate for schemes covering at least 50 employees is 5.9 per
cent.

Pensions in payment

There has been a significant increase in the number of schemes explicitly
funding for post retirement increases. Some 67 per cent of DB schemes now fund
for pension increases, up from 55 per cent in 1999.

Spouses' benefits

By contrast with DB schemes, a far higher proportion of defined contribution
schemes provide no spouses' pension. This is offset to some extent by the
greater provision of a four times salary death benefit and the common addition
of the accumulated fund.

The more recent establishment of defined contribution schemes probably accounts
for the more flexible attitude to formal marital status. Some 55 per cent of
defined contribution schemes pay some form of spouses' pension. Similar pensions
are paid to non-marital partners "always" in 28 per cent of these schemes and
"in some cases" in 24 per cent of these schemes.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              637 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            June 26, 2002 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Beware the tax scheme;
Keep 'em honest

BYLINE: Anne Lampe

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 604 words


You know June 30 is near when you see adverts for schemes that offer 100 per
cent finance and the taxpayer receives a tax deduction for 100 per cent of the
amount invested and, of course, you need your head read if you don't hand over
your money immediately.

Every year the Tax Office warns taxpayers to carefully assess investment schemes
with a tax lure for their investment value and not simply as a quick tax fix.
And every year many taxpayers ignore the warning, worry about their tax bill and
sign up, only to face financial woe down the track.

Popular tax fixes this financial year include agribusiness schemes, reducing
your non-deductible residential mortgage through gearing to buy shares or unit
trusts and eliminating the super surcharge by reducing taxable income below the
surcharge threshold of $85,242.

Rachel Griffiths, of Count Wealth Accountants, says investors considering
agribusiness investments just for the tax break should be aware their tax
deduction could disappear later if the Tax Office cracks down on schemes or
conducts an audit and decides the scheme does not fit its rules.

She says aggressive tax-orientated investments are not looked upon favourably by
the Tax Office and if the Tax Commissioner deems an investment scheme's main aim
is to avoid tax then the tax deduction claimed can be disallowed later.

Investors must ensure tax-effective investment schemes are attractive
investments in their own right, not just from a tax point of view.

If the Tax Office targets the scheme, it will ask the taxpayer why he/she
invested in the scheme. If the answer does not go beyond a tax deduction, then
the taxpayer is in trouble.

In short, investors have to show the scheme will eventually produce a return.

Potential investors should thoroughly research a scheme's fees, the viability of
forecast returns and its funding.

Griffith says in particular investors must be cautious of schemes that offer
substantial tax benefits, or involve finance offers using promissory notes,
buyback schemes or other arrangements where little of the investor's money is
outlaid or at risk.

A few basic steps can be taken to avoid falling down the tax-driven hole. These
include making sure the scheme has a current prospectus registered with the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission and that the promoter of the
scheme is licensed by the regulator. This can be checked on the ASIC Web site,
www.asic.gov.au

A product ruling is essential. Without it, the tax deductions promoted cannot be
relied upon. Again you can check on the ATO Web site. Further, it is important
the scheme follows the product ruling in all respects. Protection may not apply
if it deviates from the ruling.

But it is important to note a product ruling does not guarantee the scheme is a
good investment.

The scheme should also be supported by independent research. That means not
merely the expert opinions contained in the prospectus, but the assessments of
independent research houses not affiliated with the scheme provider.

The commissions should be outlined in the prospectus. Griffith said investors
should be wary of investment schemes where high levels of commission are paid to
advisers. She says anything higher than 10 per cent is excessive.

Finally, you should obtain independent advice on the scheme run it past your
accountant to see that the figures add up and that there are not any hidden
traps.

Griffith says many tax-driven investments are not liquid and lock in investors
for up to 10 years. Check the scheme thoroughly before investing because once
you are in, there is generally not much opportunity to get money back early.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Who has authority to enforce building restrictions?

BYLINE: Tony Gioventu, Special to the Times Colonist

SECTION: AT HOME; Condo Smarts; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 739  words


Dear Condo Smarts: We live in a large, bare-land development in the Okanagan
Valley. It is all one strata, but has been phased in over a couple of years.

Each buyer dealt with the developer when they built their home, or contracted
the developer to build their home for them, and so far everything has proceeded
smoothly.

Now we've come to a bit of an impasse with the strata council. The developer has
sold all of his units and no longer has an interest in the strata corporation as
an owner, and has stopped dealing with property owners who have not yet built a
home. His view seems to be: "I've sold my units, so I'm done with the
development. It's all up to the strata council now."

So here's our dilemma. The council agrees that the building scheme is
beneficial, but we sought some advice on how to enforce it, and discovered that
it really isn't within the authority of the strata council to enforce the
restrictions placed on property development. Council's authority is limited to
the Strata Property Act and any bylaws that are registered.

The developer said that because it's in the disclosure, we must enforce it.
Could you help clarify this relationship for us.

Bryan G.

Dear Bryan: A building scheme is a covenant imposed by the developer on the
lands within the development and is binding on all the owners of that land.

The building scheme is filed on each title, binding each property to the
conditions and limitations set out in the scheme.

The building scheme can set out height restrictions, floor space ratio to lot
size, design, and protection of green space barriers or landscaping requirements
to preserve the integrity of the development and your neighbour's rights.

Before buying into a bare-land strata, buyers should always search a title to
investigate whether there is a building scheme in place and how it will apply to
their future use.

While the collective interest of the strata corporation might be important in
preserving the building scheme, whether or not a strata council supports or
enforces the building scheme is often the contentious issue.

The most common question I receive on building schemes is: "Who enforces it?"

While the owner developer is still in an active relationship with the strata
corporation, he often enforces the scheme. If all the lots are sold, you as
owners are still engaged in this covenant (the building scheme) upon which you
bought and may collectively or individually enforce the scheme.

There is no clear transition in the Strata Property Act or the Real Estate
Development Marketing Act that defines the duty to apply the building scheme
once the developer is no longer engaged with the strata, because the scheme is
in the name of the developer, not the strata corporation. However, the duty to
comply still rests with the developer and each property owner bound by the
building scheme and their neighbours.

In the event an owner is in violation of the building scheme, either the
developer, potentially the strata corporation by vote, or any owner or group of
owners may seek a court decision to have the building scheme enforced.

What must be included in the disclosure statement is what the developer intends
to provide or restrict in the relationship with buyers, and does not necessarily
bind the strata corporation unless those agreements are with the strata
corporation. For example, service contracts, bylaws filed in the land registry
or a rental disclosure statement.

One of the positive scenarios that we encounter is where the building scheme has
also been filed by the owner developer as a bylaw or the strata corporation has
adopted the scheme as a bylaw. While this certainly makes it easier for a strata
corporation to enforce the bylaw, what happens when the strata repeals the bylaw
(only requiring a vote) or the filed scheme is not the same as the bylaw?

Because building schemes vary so greatly, and the relationships can be
complicated, strata councils and owners should seek legal advice when a
complication arises from the application of a building scheme.

Don't forget the provincial government is conducting a public survey on
Depreciation Reports and Audits. Register at housing.gov.bc.ca/housing/strata.
htm.

Tony Gioventu is executive director of the Condominium Home Owners' Association.
Send questions to him c/o New Homes, Times Colonist, 2621 Douglas St., Victoria,
B.C. V8W 2N4 or email tony@choa.bc.ca The association's website is
www.choa.bc.ca.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Is it time to stop investing in diversified equity mutual funds?

BYLINE: Aakar Rastogi

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 576 words


Several mutual fund advisors are asking their clients to split their investments
between largecap, midcap and smallcap schemes than investing the entire corpus
in a multicap or diversified equity schemes. "Funds which have focus on specific
caps, tend to perform better," says Vishal Ramaswamy, a mutual fund advisor
based in Bengaluru. Multicap or diversified schemes are supposed to invest
across stocks in different market capitalisation based on the view of the fund
manager.

The allocation to each marketcap varies from scheme to scheme. Some schemes have
a fixed proportion and some change it dynamically depending on the market
conditions. A largecap, midcap or smallcap scheme, on the other, is mandated to
invest predominantly in stocks in the specific market capitalisation. That means
a largecap scheme will invest mostly in largecap stocks, while midcap scheme
would invest mostly in midcap stocks. "A person with high risk appetite can
stagger the investments manually," says Ankita Tanna Narsey, a mutual fund
advisor based in Mumbai. Narsey shares a real example where she invested Rs 5
lakh each for two of her clients on September 8, 2014. One of her clients
preferred to invest in multicap schemes, while the other one decided to go with
her recommendation of splitting the investment between different funds with a
focus on specific category. She calculated the returns for both after 1.5 years
- that is, on February 10, 2017 -- and realised that the client who invested in
specific category focussed schemes earned 7.33 per cent more (Rs 1,12,800). The
CAGR for the portfolio of the first client was around 18.96 per cent, whereas
the portfolio of the other client returned only 11.63 per cent. Take a look at
the table below for details: Why should you split investments? Why should an
investor take the trouble of splitting the investment between different schemes
when he can invest the money in a scheme that would do the job for him?
Ramaswamy says multicap schemes often dilute the focus of fund managers which
somehow affect the returns. He reasons that fund managers of a scheme investing
in a specific category track just stocks in a particular marketcap closely,
whereas a fund manager of a multicap scheme has to track a large universe of
stocks. Some experts also believe that splitting investments between various
schemes and fund houses help an investor to reduce risk. "Splitting the
investment between various schemes makes it easier to compare the performance
and reduce the risk," says Ramaswamy. Finally, though several mutual fund
advisors believe that splitting investments is a better strategy than banking on
a single multicap scheme, there is no proof that such an investment approach
work better over a long period. Also, even if the new approach helps investors
to maximise returns, conservative investors may be better off sticking to
multicap schemes. Theoretically, multicap schemes carry less risk than smallcap
or midcap scheme. So, ask yourself whether you have the risk appetite before
adopting the new strategy. Also, investing separately in two or three specific
categories might make monitoring the investments tough for some investors. Also,
one may have to devote more time to monitor and make necessary changes in the
portfolio periodically based on their performance. "Investors with a low risk
profile should stick with a single multicap scheme," says Narsey.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Is it time to stop investing in diversified equity mutual funds?

BYLINE: Aakar Rastogi

SECTION: INVEST

LENGTH: 576 words


Several mutual fund advisors are asking their clients to split their investments
between largecap, midcap and smallcap schemes than investing the entire corpus
in a multicap or diversified equity schemes. "Funds which have focus on specific
caps, tend to perform better," says Vishal Ramaswamy, a mutual fund advisor
based in Bengaluru. Multicap or diversified schemes are supposed to invest
across stocks in different market capitalisation based on the view of the fund
manager.

The allocation to each marketcap varies from scheme to scheme. Some schemes have
a fixed proportion and some change it dynamically depending on the market
conditions. A largecap, midcap or smallcap scheme, on the other, is mandated to
invest predominantly in stocks in the specific market capitalisation. That means
a largecap scheme will invest mostly in largecap stocks, while midcap scheme
would invest mostly in midcap stocks. "A person with high risk appetite can
stagger the investments manually," says Ankita Tanna Narsey, a mutual fund
advisor based in Mumbai. Narsey shares a real example where she invested Rs 5
lakh each for two of her clients on September 8, 2014. One of her clients
preferred to invest in multicap schemes, while the other one decided to go with
her recommendation of splitting the investment between different funds with a
focus on specific category. She calculated the returns for both after 1.5 years
- that is, on February 10, 2017 -- and realised that the client who invested in
specific category focussed schemes earned 7.33 per cent more (Rs 1,12,800). The
CAGR for the portfolio of the first client was around 18.96 per cent, whereas
the portfolio of the other client returned only 11.63 per cent. Take a look at
the table below for details: Why should you split investments? Why should an
investor take the trouble of splitting the investment between different schemes
when he can invest the money in a scheme that would do the job for him?
Ramaswamy says multicap schemes often dilute the focus of fund managers which
somehow affect the returns. He reasons that fund managers of a scheme investing
in a specific category track just stocks in a particular marketcap closely,
whereas a fund manager of a multicap scheme has to track a large universe of
stocks. Some experts also believe that splitting investments between various
schemes and fund houses help an investor to reduce risk. "Splitting the
investment between various schemes makes it easier to compare the performance
and reduce the risk," says Ramaswamy. Finally, though several mutual fund
advisors believe that splitting investments is a better strategy than banking on
a single multicap scheme, there is no proof that such an investment approach
work better over a long period. Also, even if the new approach helps investors
to maximise returns, conservative investors may be better off sticking to
multicap schemes. Theoretically, multicap schemes carry less risk than smallcap
or midcap scheme. So, ask yourself whether you have the risk appetite before
adopting the new strategy. Also, investing separately in two or three specific
categories might make monitoring the investments tough for some investors. Also,
one may have to devote more time to monitor and make necessary changes in the
portfolio periodically based on their performance. "Investors with a low risk
profile should stick with a single multicap scheme," says Narsey.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Malta Today

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Two new [#x20ac]6 million grant schemes for e-commerce and consultancy services
launched

LENGTH: 344  words


Parliamentary Secretary Ian Borg has announced the launch of two additional
grant schemes with a combined budget of [#x20ac]6 million, to promote access to
consultancy services to SMEs and online selling

The two new schemes are the E-Commerce Grant Scheme and the SME Consultancy
Services Grant Scheme PHOTO: Clodagh Farrugia O'Neill

A further two schemes under the Business Enhance ERDF Grant Schemes initiative
have been launched, parliamentary secretary for the EU Presidency 2017 and EU
funds Ian Borg announced today.

The Business Enhance Grants Schemes, which is part-financed by the European
Regional Development Fund 2014-2020, seek to support enterprises when
undertaking investment projects aimed at securing sustainable business growth.

The two new schemes are the E-Commerce Grant Scheme, which has a budget of
[#x20ac]5,000, and the SME Consultancy Services Grant Scheme, which has a budget
of [#x20ac]1,000.

Explaining the schemes, Borg stated that e-Commerce represents an opportunity
for businesses to exploit their potential to increase their market share and
reach new markets by considering incorporating online selling.

"At a time when local SMEs are still transitioning to e-commerce, the e-Commerce
Grant Scheme will support SMEs through a maximum grant of [#x20ac]5,000 to
develop an e-commerce website and/or a mobile application, with part-financing
eligible expenditure up to 50%."

Turning to the second scheme, Borg explained that the SME Consultancy Services
Grant Scheme will support SMEs through the provision of a maximum grant of
[#x20ac]4,000. "It is aimed at facilitating SMEs' access to consultancy services
to develop business plans, feasibility studies, process and systems reviews and
organisation and operations reviews."

He added that these schemes will be managed on a demand-driven basis through an
open rolling-call, and will be open to receive project proposals as from today.



http://imgs.syndigate.info/541/1592/28/147887997429.jpg

The two new schemes are the E-Commerce Grant Scheme and the SME Consultancy
Services Grant Scheme PHOTO: Clodagh Farrugia O'Neill

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1592


                       Copyright 2016 MediaToday Co. Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Test relief program progressing fast in C'danga

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: Chuadanga


Chuadanga, Feb. 25 -- The implementation works of 555 schemes under Test Relief
program in all the four upazilas of the district are progressing fast at a total
cost of 1,242 tonnes of rice.

Ministry of relief and disaster management has been implementing the schemes.
The district relief and disaster management office source said of the total 126
schemes are being implemented in Sadar upazila, 14 schemes in Chuadanga
pourashava, 153 schemes in Alamdanga upazila, 08 schemes in Alamdanga
pourashava, 142 schemes in Damurhuda upazila, 10 schemes in Darsana pourashava,
96 schemes in Jibannagar upazila and 06 schemes in Jibannagar pourashava. The
source added of the total, so far 95 per cent implementation works of 23 schemes
, 90 per cent work of 261 schemes, 50 per cent work of six schemes and 35 per
cent work of 265 schemes has been completed. It is expected that implementation
works of 284 schemes would be completed by the next month and the remaining work
would be completed by June, according to a news agency.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 30, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

States May Get a Say in Allocation to CSS

BYLINE: Yogima.Sharma@timesgroup.com

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 479 words


The Narendra Modi government could allow states a say in central allocation to
social welfare schemes, a measure that is in keeping with its promise of
cooperative federalism and will enable state governments to focus on programmes
that best meet their requirements.

The sub-group of chief ministers on centrally sponsored schemes headed by Madhya
Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has recommended that the schemes be
divided into core of the core schemes, core schemes and optional schemes for
determining funding pattern.

"Allowing states choice among optional schemes is an innovation. Depending on
ease of its implementation, the same option of preferred allocation in core
schemes may also be introduced, subject to conditions," the panel said in its
report submitted to the PM.

According to the report, the innovative idea can be introduced on the condition
that all states mandatorily participate in all the core schemes, for which the
finance ministry may indicate a minimum allocation for every state. One of the
key recommendations

of the sub-group is to allow states to decide on the optional schemes and their
required funds to be implemented as per their needs.Besides, it said that states
be allowed to use funds of some of the optional schemes to run other schemes, if
needed.

The panel also recommended an increase in the flexi funds to states to 25% from
10% of the total allocation.

For core of the core schemes such as the rural jobs programme under MGNREGA, the
panel recommended no change in the fund sharing between the Centre and the
states, while in the case of core schemes it pitched for a ratio of 60:40 for
"ordinary" states and 90:10 for those classified as "difficult", such as Jammu &
Kashmir and the states in the Northeast.

The Centre and the states should contribute equally to the optional schemes, in
the case of ordinary sates, the panel said, while recommending 80:20 ratio in
the case of difficult states.

Although the funding pattern differs from scheme to scheme, there is no such
classification at present as that recommended by the panel. Rationalisation of
centrally sponsored schemes has become necessary in the wake of higher
devolution of funds to states following the recommendations of the 14th Finance
Commission.

ET VIEW

States Must Make the Best Use of Fiscal Space Leeway to states to give their own
preferences for core social schemes makes sense. The 14th finance commission has
created extra fiscal space for the states in the form of a huge jump in
devolution, although accompanied by a simultaneous cut in the central support
for the states' Plan spending. States must make the best use of the fiscal space
given to them to create, formulate, adopt and oversee their own plans. At the
same time, they must also allocate resources to nationally important plans as
the onus lies on states to create their own prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 30, 2015 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

States May Get a Say in Allocation to CSS

BYLINE: Yogima.Sharma@timesgroup.com

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 479 words


The Narendra Modi government could allow states a say in central allocation to
social welfare schemes, a measure that is in keeping with its promise of
cooperative federalism and will enable state governments to focus on programmes
that best meet their requirements.

The sub-group of chief ministers on centrally sponsored schemes headed by Madhya
Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has recommended that the schemes be
divided into core of the core schemes, core schemes and optional schemes for
determining funding pattern.

"Allowing states choice among optional schemes is an innovation. Depending on
ease of its implementation, the same option of preferred allocation in core
schemes may also be introduced, subject to conditions," the panel said in its
report submitted to the PM.

According to the report, the innovative idea can be introduced on the condition
that all states mandatorily participate in all the core schemes, for which the
finance ministry may indicate a minimum allocation for every state. One of the
key recommendations

of the sub-group is to allow states to decide on the optional schemes and their
required funds to be implemented as per their needs.Besides, it said that states
be allowed to use funds of some of the optional schemes to run other schemes, if
needed.

The panel also recommended an increase in the flexi funds to states to 25% from
10% of the total allocation.

For core of the core schemes such as the rural jobs programme under MGNREGA, the
panel recommended no change in the fund sharing between the Centre and the
states, while in the case of core schemes it pitched for a ratio of 60:40 for
"ordinary" states and 90:10 for those classified as "difficult", such as Jammu &
Kashmir and the states in the Northeast.

The Centre and the states should contribute equally to the optional schemes, in
the case of ordinary sates, the panel said, while recommending 80:20 ratio in
the case of difficult states.

Although the funding pattern differs from scheme to scheme, there is no such
classification at present as that recommended by the panel. Rationalisation of
centrally sponsored schemes has become necessary in the wake of higher
devolution of funds to states following the recommendations of the 14th Finance
Commission.

ET VIEW

States Must Make the Best Use of Fiscal Space

Leeway to states to give their own preferences for core social schemes makes
sense. The 14th finance commission has created extra fiscal space for the states
in the form of a huge jump in devolution, although accompanied by a simultaneous
cut in the central support for the states' Plan spending. States must make the
best use of the fiscal space given to them to create, formulate, adopt and
oversee their own plans. At the same time, they must also allocate resources to
nationally important plans as the onus lies on states to create their own
prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Premium Official News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Australian Energy Efficiency Schemes Extended and Expanded

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Wellington


NZX Limited has issued following press release:

Australian Energy Efficiency Schemes Extended and Expanded

The continuation of Australian Energy Efficiency schemes, which have been a
major source of sales for energy saving light bulb company Energy Mad, has been
confirmed, along with expanded energy savings targets.

Energy Mad sells energy saving compact fluorescent and LED Ecobulbs to customers
through State Government energy efficiency schemes in Victoria, South Australia
and the Australian Capital Territory.

The Victorian Scheme previously had a target of 2 million energy saving
certificates set for 2015, with the scheme set to conclude on 31 December 2015.

However the Victorian Government recently announced a higher target of 5.4
million certificates for 2015, along with a review of the scheme in the first
half of 2015 with a view to further strengthening and extending the scheme.

The South Australian Scheme also recently announced new energy efficiency
targets that almost double the amount of energy required to be saved in 2017 as
opposed to the amount required to be saved in 2015.

The Australian Capital Territory Scheme is currently legislated to conclude at
the end of 2015.

However the Australian Capital Territory Government has recently engaged
independent auditors to review this scheme and has called for input into the
design of the scheme beyond 2015.

Energy Saving certificates are delivered to Australian power companies by third
party suppliers who engage in the sale and installation of energy saving
products that are certified by the scheme administrators. The most common
products sold in these schemes are energy saving light bulbs.

"Energy saving light bulbs supplied to these schemes have to be of a high
standard in order to pass the stringent accreditation processes before they can
be sold in these schemes", said Energy Mad co-founder and Managing Director
Chris Mardon.

Energy Mad Chief Executive Officer Paul Ravlich said the recent announcements of
scheme expansions and extensions created potential for Energy Mad to maintain
the current sales of compact fluorescent Ecobulbs in these schemes, and to grow
the sales of various LED Ecobulbs in all three schemes.
"In particular, we believe we can grow sales of our accredited 12V LED Ecobulbs
that are being sold to our customers in Victoria", he said.

Energy Mad has sold $24.4 million of its energy saving Ecobulbs through
Australian energy efficiency schemes since 2009.

For any query about this article or other requirements please contact
emaileditorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

PM unveils Rs 20bln youth uplift packagePoliticians, businessmen laud PM's
address

SECTION: Vol. V No. 261

LENGTH: 908  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Saturday announced a development package
worth Rs 20 billion for the country's youth comprising six projects,aimed at
providing them assistance mainly through affordable education, soft loans and
skill-based training. The six projects include Micro Interest Free Loans Scheme,
Small Business Loans Scheme, Youth Training Scheme, Youth Skill Development
Scheme, Fee Assistance Scheme and PM's Scheme for Laptops Provision, said Nawaz
Sharif in his televised address to the nation. He aid the government was
committed to the uplift of youth. "I am sure that a self-reliant and prosperous
youth will prove as a vanguard in the nation's journey towards national
integrity, prosperity and sovereignty." Political, business and social circles
have welcomed the speech of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.

As I have told before, that every year we spend approximately Rupees 500 billion
on the government institutions which are run in losses. These 500 billion, if
available to the government, can be utilized on such financial initiatives, that
could bring a revolution in the lives of underprivileged classes and youngsters.

One of the reasons behind the weakening state institutions is over staffing due
to rampant nepotism and political appointments. Unable to support such a burden,
these institutions have fallen in to rubble. Institutions like PIA, Steel Mills
and Railways are just a few examples of nepotism, favoritism and financial
mismanagement.

It is in the interest of the nation and the state to strengthen private sector,
and to provide the people with opportunities of self reliance. So that instead
of running after jobs, they could stand on their own feet to provide a
livelihood to their families.

For this purpose, the government is launching SIX programmes for the youth.

1- MICRO INTEREST FREE LOANS

The first programme is Micro Interest Free Loans, which will be focused on those
segments of society who are financially weak. 3 billion rupees have been
allocated for this scheme. 250 thousand people will benefit from this scheme.
These loans would be interest free.

2- SMALL BUSINESS LOANS SCHEME

The second scheme is Small Business Loans Scheme. This scheme is for those
educated youngsters, who wish to start their own business. 50 per cent of these
loans will be provided to women. These loans ranging from 500 thousand to 2
million rupees, will be given with a discounted interest rate of 8 percent. The
rest will be paid by the government. Initially these loans will be provided
through the National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank. Five billion rupees
have been allocated for this scheme.

3- YOUTH TRAINING SCHEME

It is the third programme, being initiated by the government for educated
youngsters. Under this programme, young educated people having acquired 16 years
of education from recognized institutions will be provided on-the-job- training,
so that they could get job opportunities in the country or abroad. During the
training a monthly stippned of rupees 10 thousand will be given to the worker
for a training period of 6 months. 4 billion rupees have been allocated for the
purpose and 50 thousand graduates will benefit from the scheme.

4- YOUTH SKILL DEVELOPMENT SCHEME

The youth skill development scheme is aimed at providing vocational training to
such youngsters who are jobless. Boys and girls up to 25 years of age will be
able to benefit from the scheme, who have gained middle level education (8th
Grade). These youngsters will be given a monthly stippned worth 3-5 thousand
rupees, for a period of 6 months. The government will bear their fee. 800
million rupees have been allocated for this programme.

5- FEE PAYMENT FOR UNDER PREVILIGED AREAS

The fifth scheme is for (male & female) students who come from far flung areas
of the country, and want to acquire higher education. Any talented student
should not be deprived of educational opportunities, only because his or her
parents cannot afford the academic expenses. Government will bear the fee for
youngsters aiming for a post graduate programme for MA, MSc or higher level. 1.2
billion rupees have been allocated for this scheme and 30 thousand students will
benefit from this initiative.

6- PM SCHEME FOR PROVISION OF LAPTOPS

This is the age of Information Technology, in the current time, it is impossible
to acquire quality education and research without information technology. IT is
key to access the treasure of knowledge globally available.

The government of Punjab had initiated a laptop scheme for the purpose. The
federal government has decided to launch this scheme nationwide. 100 thousand
students will be provided laptops in accordance with the programme. An amount of
4 billion rupees has been allocated for the PM Laptop scheme.

These schemes will be placed on a special website www.pmo.gov.pk from Monday the
23rd of September. You can  give your feedback on the website  or you can send
an SMS to 80028.

You can also post your suggestions and proposals to the Prime Minister Office
Islamabad.

We want to resolve all issues like energy crisis, loadshedding, health and
education. We want to spend taxpayers money on the development of industries and
trade, for the creation of jobs for the people of Pakistan.

Get ready to benefit from these programmes, I believe that youngsters can play
the main role in steering Pakistan on the path of self reliance. Stand up with
the aim to rewrite your destiny.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 7, 2012 Saturday

Free delivery scheme dumped within two yrs

BYLINE: Anjaya Anparthi

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 523 words


NAGPUR: On one hand the Central and state governments claim to be serious about
reducing infant and maternity deaths while on the other hand it is closing down
schemes launched in this regard. In one such move, the government has dumped the
free delivery scheme launched for women from financially backward families in
2009-10.

Confirming this, NMC's health officer (medical), Dr Savita Meshram, told TOI
that the government has not sent any communication about continuation of the
scheme this fiscal. "NMC was given approval to undertake 2,000 cases per year.
The government was to give approval in April every year for continuation of the
scheme but no such communication has been received till date. In fact, there was
no approval even in 2011-12 but only assurances for its continuation. Since no
communication has come, it implies the scheme has been discontinued," she said.

The scheme proved beneficial for women coming from financially backward
families, especially below poverty line (BPL). The Centre implemented an
excellent scheme - Reproductive and Child Health Programme (RCH) and Janani
Suraksha Yojana (JSY) to minimize infants and maternity deaths. Later, the
Centre came up with Accreditation of Private Hospitals for Free Delivery of
Urban Slum Poor Women in 2009-10.

NMC implemented the scheme in October 2009. The highlight of the scheme was free
delivery in private hospitals. Under the scheme, NMC had registered 98 private
hospitals on its panels and paid them Rs3,400 per delivery in case of normal and
Rs4,900 in case of caesarean delivery. The beneficiary woman was given Rs600 for
ensuring good health post delivery. The scheme was a great success as needy
women got good treatment in private hospitals.

The contribution of the government and NMC was Rs1,700 each in normal delivery
cases. In caesarean cases, the additional amount of Rs1,500 was granted by the
government.

Unfortunately, the scheme came into controversy following an expose. Some
private hospitals were found minting money by showing bogus cases, but the NMC
officials ruled out any setback to the scheme.

Dr Savita Meshram further said the Centre has launched another scheme- Janani
Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) which might be a replacement for the free
delivery scheme. "Under this scheme, NMC is going to perform free delivery in
its two hospitals - Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya and Panchpaoli Sutikagruh. The
scheme is not valid for private hospitals," she said.

Actually, the NMC had decided to continue the scheme in 2011-12 had the
government dumped it then. The then chairman of standing committee, Sandip
Joshi, had even made an announcement in this regard as the scheme required less
funds.

Joshi told TOI that the hospitals were not ready to continue the scheme at
original rates. "The health department held meetings with hospitals that denied
to provide the service at subsidized rates. A serious question now arises as to
how these hospitals provided the service for those two years. As such, one
cannot rule out recovery of additional money from the beneficiaries or registry
of bogus cases," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

80pc water supply in Rawalpindi contaminated

LENGTH: 591 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 13 -- Around 80 percent water supply schemes in Rawalpindi are
providing contaminated water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious
diseases like hepatitis, jaundice and diarrhoea.

The outcome of the Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes,
conducted in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed
that water supply schemes are supplying piped water for drinking and household
needs to a population of 1.496 million.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources
(PCRWR), has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of
providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality is extremely poor.

Their inability and inefficiency may be judged from the fact that 38 percent of
the schemes are presently not functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the
total population remains unserved by the water supply schemes. Talking to ,
PCRWR Spokesperson Lubna Naheed said lack of proper management, operation and
maintenance of the water systems was one of the critical issues of the water
supply schemes in the district.

Overall, 68 percent of the total 148 non-functional schemes have been found as
temporarily closed, while 32 percent are permanently closed.

For the temporarily non-functional water schemes, the common problems
encountering a complex of various institutional, financial and technological
issues. The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporary closure
of schemes arelack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds. These reasons are
evident in some 21 to 30 water schemes.

PCRWR Chairman Dr Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent of the water
sources of the functional schemes, was unsafe for drinking purposes and water
being supplied from 75 percent of these schemes had the microbiological
contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution
systems indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water which
is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water which
has microbiological contamination, he said.

The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the unsafe drinking
water and the importance of safe drinking water is negligible. There appears no
concept regarding use of safe water for drinking purposes, among the general
public and the managers of water supply schemes.

The PCRWR spokesperson said many flaws have been found in the design of water
supply schemes. It appears that water distribution systems have not been
designed for simple, trouble-free operation and are not capable of being
operated and maintained by local manpower, she added. In a large number of
schemes, where water is obtained from surface source as stream and nullahs, the
source is located at a considerable distance from the locality.

The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 44
percent between 10 and 20 years old while the remaining are less than 10 years
old.

Most of the schemes have used the pipes for the distribution system, the useful
life of which has been less than 20 years. The PCRWR chairman said that it
necessitated a programme of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning of water
supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the older
schemes. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      April 21, 2010 Wednesday 3:02 AM EST

LCQ13: Special Loan Guarantee Scheme

LENGTH: 753  words


Hong Kong, Apr. 21 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:


Following is a written reply by the Secretary for Commerce and Economic
Development, Mrs Rita Lau, to a question by Dr Hon Lam Tai-fai in the
Legislative Council today (April 21): Question: Since December 15, 2008, the
Trade and Industry Department (TID) has implemented the Special Loan Guarantee
Scheme (the Scheme), which aims to help enterprises tide over their liquidity
problems, and the application period of the Scheme will expire on June 30 this
year.In this connection, will the Government inform this Council: (a)of the
number of applications received by TID and the amount of loans concerned
approved by lending institutions each month since the implementation of the
Scheme; (b)whether it had, in the past 12 months, assessed the overall
effectiveness of the Scheme; if it had, of the details; if not, the reasons for
that; (c)whether it had, in the past six months, assessed the pace of economic
recovery in Hong Kong in the second half of this year and when the credit market
will resume normal operation, so as to decide whether the application period of
the Scheme should be extended; if it had, of the details; (d)whether it had, in
the past six months, assessed the impact of factors of global economic
uncertainties on small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Hong Kong in respect of
its financing in the second half of this year; if it had, of the details; if
not, the reasons for that; (e)since the Government's announcement of the
extension of the application period of the Scheme for the second time at the end
of last year, whether the authorities have compiled statistics on the total
number of views received which requested for the application period of the
Scheme to be extended again; if they have, of the details; if not, the reasons
for that; (f)whether it will consider extending the application period of the
Scheme to the end of this year; if it will, when it will announce the
arrangement concerned; if not, of the reasons for that; and (g)whether it had,
in the past 12 months, assessed the impact of terminating the Scheme on SMEs in
respect of their financing; if it had, of the details; if not, the reasons for
that, and whether it will, upon the expiry of the Scheme, consider further
enhancing the SME Loan Guarantee Scheme, including raising the maximum
percentage of the Government's loan guarantee ratio as a guarantor of the
approved loans, as well as increasing the maximum amount of loan guarantee for
each SME?

Reply: President, The Government launched the Special Loan Guarantee Scheme (the
Scheme) on December 15, 2008 with a total guarantee commitment of $100
billion.As at April 19, 2010, the Trade and Industry Department (TID) has
received 33,273 applications, of which 30,668 have been approved involving a
total loan amount of over $74 billion. The Scheme has benefited over 17,000
enterprises in both manufacturing and non-manufacturing sectors.Some 95% of the
beneficiaries are SMEs.The Scheme has helped preserve jobs for about 300,000
employees. The reply to Dr Hon Lam Tai-fai's question is as follows. (a)The
number of applications received and amount of loan approved each month is set
out at the annex. (b)-(g) TID has been closely monitoring the operation and
effectiveness of the Scheme.The Scheme is well received by the trade.Many
participating lending institutions have also offered incentive packages to help
promote the Scheme.Since the launch of the Scheme, more than 4,000 applications
were received in a month during the peak period.So far, over $74 billion of
loans have been granted.The problem of credit crunch faced by enterprises during
the financial tsunami has been alleviated.We consider the Scheme has positively
contributed to "stabilising the financial system, supporting enterprises and
preserving employment". The application period for the Scheme is scheduled to
end on June 30, 2010.We have received comments through different channels
(including LegCo Members, political parties and trade and industrial
associations), including requests for further extension of the Scheme.We have
conducted a review to decide whether the application period should be further
extended.During the review process, we have taken into account factors such as
the latest economic and credit market conditions, as well as the pace of
economic recovery in the latter half of this year.The result will be announced
shortly.

Source: Hong Kong SAR GovernmentWebsite: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2010 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                               September 19, 2009
                                   E1 Edition

Members will benefit, say two medical schemes that plan to merge

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 474 words


Liberty Health Medical Scheme and Medicover are proposing to merge into what
would be one of the country's biggest medical schemes.

The schemes are putting the proposal to the vote among their members. Should the
merger be approved by members and the Registrar of Medical Schemes, it will go
ahead on January 1 next year.

The two schemes say the advantages of the merger will be:

u A strong medical scheme, better able to attract members and negotiate improved
benefits.

u A stronger risk pool, more likely to have a stable and predictable claims
pattern and therefore a lower risk of sudden high contribution increases.

u A wider choice of options - only two of the existing options, Liberty's Gold
Complete option and Medicover's Alta option will be closed. This will affect
eight percent of the members of the two schemes.

u Better growth opportunities for the combined scheme.

u Lower costs, because only one board of trustees and principal officer will be
required. Also, greater economies of scale will be achieved.

A key issue for Medicover is that 64 percent of its members are government
employees. Schemes run a high risk of losing government employees since the
government launched its own scheme, the Government Employees Medical Scheme
(Gems), and started incentivising its employees, through an employer subsidy, to
leave existing open schemes and join Gems.

solvency ratios

For Liberty Medical Scheme the merger should help it achieve a solvency ratio
(reserves as a percentage of contributions) above the 25 percent of
contributions required by law and should reduce the age of its membership
slightly.

Liberty has about 42 100 members, while Medicover has about 43 000. The average
age of Liberty's principal members, at 47.9 years, is slightly higher than
Medicover's, at 45.7 years. After the merger, the scheme will have about 85 350
members and it will cover about 197 000 lives. The average age of the members is
expected to be about 46.8.

Currently, the four biggest open medical schemes are Discovery Health with 865
433 principal members at the end of last year, Bonitas with 258 910, Medihelp
with 96 996, and Fedhealth with 84 873 members, which had grown to 87 250 by
July this year.

Liberty's solvency ratio at the end of 2008 was 22.8 percent and Medicover's was
36.8 percent. Medicover's solvency ratio has been declining rapidly - from about
80 percent in 2002 - partly as a result of a growth in membership and partly as
a result of large underwriting losses. The solvency ratio of the proposed merged
scheme is expected to be around 30 percent.

The new scheme will be called the Liberty Medical Scheme, because the Liberty
Group has a strong brand, the exposition document on the schemes' websites says.

The schemes already share an administrator: V Medical Aid Administrators (VMed),
a company within Liberty Health Holdings.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                               November 30, 2008

Exclusive - Pensions set to collapse, warns confidential Hanafin memo;
Deficit up to EUR30bn - three times the level of capital required by Irish banks

BYLINE: Conor McMorrow, Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N01

LENGTH: 740 words


Tens of thousands of Irish workers could see their pensions wiped out in the
next six months, according to a confidential briefing document sent to the
government within the last week.

A number of high-profile pension schemes are expected to collapse as the total
pension deficit reaches EUR20bn to EUR30bn, says the alarming memorandum sent by
the minister for social and family affairs, Mary Hanafin, and seen by the Sunday
Tribune.

It is estimated that defined-benefit pension schemes, where employers carry the
investment risk, have lost a third of their value in the last 12 months
amounting to EUR20bn. Investment losses are also serious for members of
defined-contribution schemes who bear all the investment risks.

The memo discloses that "there is a particular concern for pensioners and those
approaching pension age in the event of the wind-up of significantly
under-funded schemes. This could be particularly difficult for pensioners in a
mature scheme where a large number of pensioners are being paid directly from
scheme funds."

Around 250,000 employees and 90,000 pensioners are in defined-benefit schemes.
These figures do not include public sector workers. Those in
defined-contribution schemes are also at risk although the age profile is likely
to be younger.

The minister spelled out in blunt terms to her cabinet colleagues that:

- The total deficit is estimated to be in the region of EUR20bn to EUR30bn. The
scale of the pension liabilities are three times the level of capital the Irish
banks are believed to require.

- There are likely to be public collapses of schemes within the next six months.

- More than 90% of defined-benefit schemes - the most common type of pension
scheme in Ireland - are expected to be in deficit when they report on their
solvency to the Pensions Board.

- Industry estimates suggest 50% of schemes will wind-up within 12 months.

The memo points out that because of budgetary restraints, the government would
find it "impossible to make good any deficits either directly or indirectly, no
matter how strong the pressure might be".

"In the event of a major scheme winding-up in the short-term, the government
potential to respond is extremely limited. However, it must be recognised that
in the worst-case scenario, a scheme may not have sufficient funds to pay
existing pensioners, even apart from the funds required to meet the accrued
benefits of current employees."

About 100,000 company pension schemes are currently in operation in Ireland and
about two-thirds of these are defined-benefit schemes. These schemes deliver
pensions based on final salary and are typically provided by employers who bear
the investment risk.

The other scheme is 'Defined Contribution' where the contribution rate is fixed
and the final pension is determined by the investment returns on the money
invested. The employee carries the risk with these pensions.

In recent years there has been a significant move away from Defined Benefit
schemes to Defined Contribution, but most pensioners and those reaching pension
age have Defined Benefit.

The government has been warned that "barring some unexpected short-term
investment recovery, it is likely the benefits promised to date by Defined
Benefit schemes will not be fully paid.

"The investment losses will also be serious for members of Defined Contribution
schemes who bear all the investment risks," stated the memo. "Best practice
would dictate that pension administrators should ensure that a person's fund is
protected as they near retirement, by switching assets to more conservative
investments.

However, there is anecdotal evidence that this practice is not generally applied
and as a result Defined Contribution members have been exposed to more risk than
they might realise."

In one of the most striking revelations in the memo it is stated that as there
is such a large number of occupational schemes - over 1,400 Defined Benefit and
100,000 Defined Contribution - "the Pensions Board cannot have an ongoing
supervisory relationship with any but a handful of the largest or most troubled
schemes."

Options being considered for the longterm framework of pensions include
introducing a statuatory employer guarantee whereby the employer would be
legally liable for shortfalls in a Defined Benefit scheme, establishing a
reserve fund, remodeling of the defined benefits scheme and developing
supplementary pensions as second tier payments on top of the state pension.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Sunday Tribune plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Cost of providing basic medical benefits could be set by law;
The state and medical schemes are working on a way to regulate the cost of
providing the prescribed minimum benefits, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 717 words


The cost of life-saving and emergency benefits that the law says you, as a
member of a medical scheme, must enjoy could in future be controlled by
legislation.

This is the current thinking four years after the Competition Commission put an
end to medical schemes collectively negotiating with doctors and hospitals on
the rates they would charge members.

Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, told Personal Finance this
week that the current situation, in which schemes are unable to negotiate
collectively on the prices healthcare providers will charge, is "not workable"
in the context of the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs). The PMBs are those
benefits that all schemes must provide to cover emergency and life-threatening
conditions.

Masobe says the Council for Medical Schemes has invited the Board of Healthcare
Funders (BHF), as the body that represents medical schemes, to think of options
in which schemes and providers could get together and negotiate fees that the
government would then consider promulgating as the tariffs for the PMBs. This
would be similar to the system that is used in Belgium.

However, Masobe says, nothing is concrete yet, and these issues are simply being
explored in light of comments by the Competition Tribunal that, in cases where
costs are exploding, there needs to be legislative intervention.

The BHF is also of the view that the cost of benefits that schemes must provide
should be regulated.

Heidi Kruger, the BHF's head of corporate communications, says the affordability
of health care provided by schemes is currently hampered by the fact that,
although the PMBs are stipulated by law, the prices at which PMB medicines and
services are procured are not controlled.

Kruger says the BHF also believes the PMBs should be revised and that an
essential healthcare package, which includes primary health care (visits to
general practitioners and the treatments they prescribe), as opposed to largely
hospital care, should be introduced.

Not-for-profit schemes

Meanwhile, Debbie Pearmain, the head of health services and legislation for the
BHF, says the BHF is drafting a letter to the Competition Commission asking for
legal opinion on an exemption from the Competition Act for restricted schemes.

Pearmain says restricted medical schemes - which are usually set up by employers
or industry bodies for their employees - have a non-commercial, socio-economic
purpose of providing healthcare funding for their members and should escape the
provisions of the Competition Act, or at least be exempt from some of its
provisions.

The Act does not apply to conduct designed to achieve a non- commercial,
socio-economic aim.

The BHF is of the view that open schemes - which must admit anyone as a member -
are not-for-profit entities that serve a socio-economic purpose.

But Nandi Mokoena, a senior legal analyst in the enforcement and exemptions
department of the Competition Commission, told the BHF conference this week that
the commission does not share that view because schemes are administered by
profit-making entities.

Pearmain says the argument that administrators make a profit is irrelevant to
the non-profit status of schemes. Healthcare providers, actuaries, lawyers,
accountants and other service providers are all for-profit entities, she says.

Pearmain says the BHF will initially seek an exemption for restricted schemes
and also for certain actions that all schemes would like to take collectively.

She says medical schemes would like to share information and take collective
action against healthcare providers who defraud medical schemes by submitting
fictitious claims. Currently, schemes share information about these providers
but have to take individual action against them, Pearmain says.

Schemes would also like to co-operate on evaluating the cost-efficiencies of
expensive medicines and medical technologies.

Pearmain says the Constitution states that everyone has a right to access
healthcare services. It does not say you are entitled to these services only if
you can pay for them.

Competition is not the solution to providing access to healthcare resources in
South Africa, she says, because it promotes access to these resources on the
basis of a willingness and ability to pay. Health should not be a privilege of
the wealthy, Pearmain says.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 29, 2003

Women are warned over new 'Heart' gift scheme

BYLINE: Alan Gorham

SECTION: News; Business; People; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 698 words


Women are being warned to beware a new "pyramid-gifting" scheme which consumer
protection officials fear may be about to arrive in the North-east. The scheme
is similar to the Women Empowering Women system which swept the region in 2001 -
leaving in its wake a trail of residents facing hefty debts.

Aberdeenshire Council officers have expressed concern after a local councillor
heard of a possible re-establishment.

Aboyne councillor Peter Argyle received information suggesting meetings were
being arranged to set up a new scheme in the area.

Officers say the "Hearts" gifting scheme is aimed at middle-aged and affluent
women who have £3,000 to invest.

They say it is inevitable that demand for new recruits will draw in women less
able to withstand possible losses brought on by the scheme.

Aboyne Lib Dem member Mr Argyle said: "I was very concerned to hear that there
were plans to start up a Hearts gifting scheme in the Deeside area.

"I would like anyone thinking about joining to consider very carefully the
possible losses they or the people they recruit to the scheme may suffer.

"No wealth is created by these schemes, as money is simply transferred from a
large group of people to a smaller group who gamble that they will get a large
return on their money before the scheme collapses." Aberdeenshire Council's
consumer protection manager Paul Bygrave said the Women Empowering Women scheme,
in 2001, generated a number of complaints from participants and their relatives.

He said: "That scheme started on a women-only basis with a £3,000 entry cost. It
collapsed, with some of the groups reducing entry charges and even allowing men
to take part because of the high demand for new entrants. The Hearts scheme
appears to be essentially the same." Mr Bygrave said the schemes typically
involve the persuasion of a group of eight or so people to hand over a sum of
not more than £3,000 each to the person who recruited them.

"They have their own trappings and terminology that are a part of the psychology
used to separate people from their cash," he added.

"Mystical or plainly meaningless phrases imply that the scheme supports women or
assists them in prevailing against a male-dominated society by deploying the
innate caring qualities of women." The presence of large volumes of cash at
meetings aims to give a sense of security to those preparing to hand over their
entry fee - and having handed this over, they are then expected to recruit a
further eight women and so on.

Mr Bygrave said: "The scheme continues until it becomes impossible to attract
others to take part.

"It is inconceivable that those who initiate the schemes are not well aware that
the last recruits before the scheme collapses will lose the money they have put
in.

"In a village the size of Aboyne with a population of about 2,200, the
achievement of the £24,000 target by the first 64 members of a scheme would
require many of the women aged between 18 and 60 to take part.

"How many of them would be in a position to hand over £3,000 is another matter,
although I believe that people have in the past borrowed money to take part in
the schemes." He added: "To receive their £24,000, those 64 people will be
looking to draw £1.54million from the 512 recruits they will need to find." The
schemes avoid investment or pyramid-selling rules because they do not involve
the exchange of a product, but gifts from one person to another.

But all schemes where money changes hands may be subject to the general criminal
law on fraud, theft, and deceit.

Aberdeen South Labour MP spoke of her disappointment at the re-emergence of
pyramid schemes, which she campaigned against after their appearance in the city
two years ago.

"We are waiting for the new gaming bill's introduction into law next year," she
said.

"I think the fact that the Government is looking to outlaw these schemes should
act as a warning to those involved, or thinking of becoming involved, in them,"
she said.

"Just because the names are continuing to be changed should not make people
think any different - whether it is Hearts or Women Empowering Women - they are
a major con."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              654 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             March 7, 2003, Friday

LEGAL AND FINANCE: FINAL SALARY SCHEMES ARE BIG CONCERN

BYLINE: JOHN DUCKERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 568 words


Companies battling to reduce their pension scheme liabilities are caught between
a rock and a hard place, according to Helen Miles, pensions partner in the
Birmingham office of law firm DLA.

She said that one of the biggest areas of concern at present was what to do
about final salary schemes.

'This is already a major area of tension in employer and employee relations for
some companies, but it is a nettle that must be grasped.

'There are basically three options - none of them particularly attractive and
each fraught with their own particular dangers,' she said.

Option 1 is to rule that no one else can join the scheme. 'This may be the most
acceptable to existing staff who are already in the scheme, but it does nothing
to address the main problems of a final salary scheme,' said Ms Miles.

Option 2 is to stop any further members joining the scheme and tell existing
members that their benefits will strop accruing. For the future, they are often
offered a different kind of pension scheme, such as a money purchase scheme.

Option 3 is to wind up the scheme altogether and use the funds available to buy
immediate or deferred annuities for those in the scheme.

Ms Miles said that Option 3 curtails the problem but brings all the issues
involved in winding up the scheme to a head at once.

She said: 'If the company winds up the scheme and there is not enough money in
it, this could become a major debt for it.

'And even then, that debt may not be enough to buy annuities for everyone in the
scheme. It depends on what measures the scheme's actuaries use to calcu-late the
scheme's worth. 'There is a fixed measure, which the actuaries have to use by
law, and that is less than the cost of buying annuities for everyone in the
scheme. In that case, the cost reverts to scheme members.

'Not only future pensioners but, in extreme cases, existing pensioners also,
will have their benefits cut back.

'Both employers and employees need to understand the three options as each
option has its risks as well as its protections.'

She said the pensions crisis had been brewing for a long time but had come to a
head recently because of three factors - people are living longer, reduced
inflation and reduced equity returns.

Ms Miles said: 'A lot of the problems stemming from reduced equity returns come
from the Chancellor's decision to take away pension schemes' ACT tax relief.

'This means pension schemes are now taxed on dividends from shares.

'At the time, Gordon Brown thought that most schemes were wonderfully in
surplus, which has proven not to be the case.

'Add to this the fact that it is now more expensive to buy an annuity and the
problem is compounded.'

She said that many of the UK's major companies have so far gone for Option 1 and
stopped new employees from joining the company's final salary scheme.

'Option 2 is the next step and the hardest one to sell to employees. We can
expect a new wave of pension reviews as companies are forced to confront the
facts.

'The longer they leave it, the worse it will get. The longer you leave it, the
harder it will be to implement Option 3 - and if you leave it long enough, the
debt incurred could be enough to take the whole company down.

'Doing nothing is not an option and Option 1 - the option many firms have so far
taken - will not necessarily be enough,' she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              655 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             March 7, 2003, Friday

LEGAL AND FINANCE: FINAL SALARY SCHEMES ARE BIG CONCERN

BYLINE: JOHN DUCKERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 568 words


Companies battling to reduce their pension scheme liabilities are caught between
a rock and a hard place, according to Helen Miles, pensions partner in the
Birmingham office of law firm DLA.

She said that one of the biggest areas of concern at present was what to do
about final salary schemes.

'This is already a major area of tension in employer and employee relations for
some companies, but it is a nettle that must be grasped.

'There are basically three options - none of them particularly attractive and
each fraught with their own particular dangers,' she said.

Option 1 is to rule that no one else can join the scheme. 'This may be the most
acceptable to existing staff who are already in the scheme, but it does nothing
to address the main problems of a final salary scheme,' said Ms Miles.

Option 2 is to stop any further members joining the scheme and tell existing
members that their benefits will strop accruing. For the future, they are often
offered a different kind of pension scheme, such as a money purchase scheme.

Option 3 is to wind up the scheme altogether and use the funds available to buy
immediate or deferred annuities for those in the scheme.

Ms Miles said that Option 3 curtails the problem but brings all the issues
involved in winding up the scheme to a head at once.

She said: 'If the company winds up the scheme and there is not enough money in
it, this could become a major debt for it.

'And even then, that debt may not be enough to buy annuities for everyone in the
scheme. It depends on what measures the scheme's actuaries use to calcu-late the
scheme's worth. 'There is a fixed measure, which the actuaries have to use by
law, and that is less than the cost of buying annuities for everyone in the
scheme. In that case, the cost reverts to scheme members.

'Not only future pensioners but, in extreme cases, existing pensioners also,
will have their benefits cut back.

'Both employers and employees need to understand the three options as each
option has its risks as well as its protections.'

She said the pensions crisis had been brewing for a long time but had come to a
head recently because of three factors - people are living longer, reduced
inflation and reduced equity returns.

Ms Miles said: 'A lot of the problems stemming from reduced equity returns come
from the Chancellor's decision to take away pension schemes' ACT tax relief.

'This means pension schemes are now taxed on dividends from shares.

'At the time, Gordon Brown thought that most schemes were wonderfully in
surplus, which has proven not to be the case.

'Add to this the fact that it is now more expensive to buy an annuity and the
problem is compounded.'

She said that many of the UK's major companies have so far gone for Option 1 and
stopped new employees from joining the company's final salary scheme.

'Option 2 is the next step and the hardest one to sell to employees. We can
expect a new wave of pension reviews as companies are forced to confront the
facts.

'The longer they leave it, the worse it will get. The longer you leave it, the
harder it will be to implement Option 3 - and if you leave it long enough, the
debt incurred could be enough to take the whole company down.

'Doing nothing is not an option and Option 1 - the option many firms have so far
taken - will not necessarily be enough,' she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              656 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                             July 14, 2002, Sunday

Pensions: how does your employer rate? In the week that saw the publication of
two reports on pensions, we quizzed every FTSE100 compnay about its scheme

BYLINE: By EMMA SIMON and HOLLY COOK

SECTION: Pg. 02

LENGTH: 1554 words

Much has been written about the death of the traditional company pension scheme.
But do you really know what your employer is offering - or how well your
company's scheme compares to others?

The Sunday Telegraph has conducted a comprehensive survey of the biggest
employers in the UK to discover what pension provision they offer. More than
two-thirds of the FTSE100 companies replied to our questionnaire, and the
results are shown on the tables opposite.

They paint a disturbing picture.

A growing number of companies are closing their final salary scheme to new staff
and replacing them with money purchase plans. To put it another way, more and
more employers are shifting the financial risks involved with pension provision
from themselves to their staff.

One of the main reasons for this shift is that pensioners are living longer,
which means it is increasingly expensive to fund final salary schemes,
traditionally seen as the gold standard in pension provision. The process has
been hastened in the past two years by falling stock markets and the new FRS 17
accounting standards (see table opposite).

Marks & Spencer, famed for decades for the generous way in which it treated its
staff, sent shock waves through the industry earlier this year when it closed
its final salary scheme to new members and brought in a money purchase scheme.
The retailer's financial problems were well-documented, but the feeling among
observers was still "if M&S can do it, no scheme is safe".

In itself, a money purchase scheme will not necessarily produce a smaller
pension. If sufficient money is invested, and the fund performs well, pensioners
may even be better off. The main problem, as our tables clearly show, is that
employers are taking the opportunity to contribute much less to the new schemes.

Raj Mody, principal with pensions consultant Hewitt Bacon & Woodrow, says: "The
overall level of contributions going into these new schemes is far below that
invested into final salary schemes. Even the more generous money purchase
schemes are unlikely to produce the same retirement income as a traditional
final salary scheme."

The table opposite shows that most big companies making full contributions to
final salary schemes are paying between 12 and 17 per cent of employees'
salaries into the schemes, with many staff paying 5 per cent on top. Those able
to pay less can do so only because they have already built up healthy surpluses.

But take a look at employer contributions to the new money purchase schemes and
you will see that most are between 5 and 8 per cent - averaging half as much as
that put into final salary schemes. Even with contributions from staff, some
schemes are investing just 10 of an employee's salary which, according to Mody,
is not enough to produce a decent pension.

Some companies do still offer good final salary schemes to new employees. Of
those surveyed, the most generous are offered by BP, BAT, British Land, Friends
Provident, Prudential, Rio Tinto, Royal Bank of Scotland, Scottish & Newcastle
and Unilever.

All still provide non-contributory pension plans, even to new employees, which
means that staff receive a fixed proportion of their salary on retirement
without having to make any contribution themselves. Most remain committed to
providing final salary schemes, although the Pru's current arrangements are
under review.

AstraZeneca and Aviva (Norwich Union) have the most generous money purchase
schemes. Both contribute a minimum of 8 per cent. AstraZeneca will contribute up
to 4 per cent more, depending on age and service, and Aviva will match extra
employee contributions, again up to 4 per cent. ICI will contribute up to 13 per
cent, depending on how much employees are prepared to put in.

Comparisons are tricky because employer contributions can depend on a number of
factors, including age, position and length of service. But it is worth noting
that Cable & Wireless, HBOS, Abbey National and Next all have a starting rate of
less than 4 per cent. HBOS contributes between 2 per cent and 8 per cent
depending on age. Abbey pays in only 3 per cent for employees under 26.

Cable & Wireless pays in a basic 3.2 per cent, although most staff choose to pay
the higher contribution level of 5 per cent, which means C&W pays 6.2 per cent.
Similarly, Next matches employee contributions of either 3 or 5 per cent.

Mody says: "Employees will often choose to pay higher rates, particularly if the
company then also pays more. Saving 3 or 4 per cent of your salary won't provide
for a comfortable retirement."

Sainsbury is far from generous. It contributes 12.5 per cent for senior
management, but most staff get a flat 4 per cent - although this may be
increased to 5 per cent.

Others have cut costs by decreasing the percentage of final salary paid as a
pension, or making other adjustments, rather than closing a defined benefit
scheme to new entrants. Imperial Tobacco has retained its final salary scheme,
but is asking staff to contribute 5 per cent. Tesco, Safeway and
Cadbury-Schweppes have moved from a final salary scheme to a "career-average"
scheme, where retirement income is based on average earnings over a lifetime
rather than final pay.

Christine Farnish, the chief executive of the National Association of Pension
Funds, says she prefers this approach to abandoning defined benefit schemes
altogether.

All data in the tables was provided by the named companies.

Final salary schemes

The table lists companies with salary-linked pension schemes that are still open
to all staff. The vast majority of these are traditional schemes which pay a set
percentage of the final salary in retirement.

Most pay 1/60th of the final salary for each year worked up to a maximum of
two-thirds of final salary. BAA and Johnson Matthey pay slightly more - 1/54th
and 1/57th respectively - while others, including International Power, National
Grid and Scottish & Newcastle, pay lower percentages. The percentage paid by BAE
and United Utilities schemes depends on how much staff choose to contribute.

Tesco, Safeway and Cadbury-Schweppes have changed from final-salary to
career-average salary schemes. These link retirement income to average earnings
over the years spent with the company.

Employers' contributions are decided by actuaries who work out how much they
need to put in to fund the promised pension and other benefits. This is reviewed
every three years, or sometimes annually. If the pension fund is in a
particularly healthy state, the employer is able to take a "pension holiday".
This is why several companies have a zero in the "contributions" column in the
table.

Company schemes now have to show in their annual accounts whether or not the
funds are large enough to meet all liabilities, based on valuations at the end
of the financial year (see table opposite).

Company pension performance

THIS table gives a comprehensive picture of the health of final salary pension
schemes.

New rules, known as FRS 17, require all stockmarket-listed companies to record
in their annual reports and accounts the size of the fund and its total pension
liabilities on the last day of the year. The resultant surplus or deficit is
heavily influenced by stock market levels at the end of a company's financial
year.

The figures listed in the table are taken from the most recent reports and
accounts, mainly for the year ending December 31, 2001, or March 31, 2002.

Since then, most funds are likely to have shrunk substantially because of
falling stockmarkets - although this will have varied between companies,
depending on how much exposure they have to equity markets. Boots, for example,
switched the whole of its pension fund into bonds last year. Bond prices tend to
be less volatile than equities so Boots' pension fund has held up much better
than most.

If your pension fund is in deficit, it does not mean you will receive a smaller
pension in retirement, as the company is responsible for meeting any shortfalls.

But it is this added expense, and the unknown nature of future liabilities, that
is encouraging more and more companies to close final-salary schemes to new
entrants.

Money purchase schemes for new employees

The table lists companies that offer money purchase schemes to new employees.
Most also run a final-salary (or defined benefit) scheme for existing employees.
The majority have closed the defined benefit scheme to new members in the past
two years, and the employers have taken the opportunity to reduce the amount
they contribute to the new schemes.

Money purchase - or defined contribution - schemes do not pay pensions. Instead,
the contributions are invested and staff buy an annuity (an income for life)
with the money that has built up in their fund. This means that their pension
depends on investment performance and the prevailing price of annuities when
they retire. So the amount contributed by both staff and employer is crucial.

Employers' contributions vary substantially. BT employees choose contribution
levels of between 4 and 10 per cent of salary, and the company matches them
pounds for pounds . HBOS, on the other hand, pays only 2 per cent of salary for
employees under 30, rising to 4, 6 and 8 per cent at 30, 40 and 50.
[PS]City: [ES]

Money - Pensions:

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              657 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             April 2, 2001, Monday

Transfer of occupational pension benefits scheme lawful

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 294 words


CHANCERY DIVISION. Published April 2, 2001. Merchant Navy Ratings Pension Fund
Trustees Ltd v Chambers and Another.

The restrictions on the transfer of accrued benefits from one occupational
scheme to another without the members' consent imposed by regulation 12(2)(a) of
the Occupational Pension Schemes (Preservation of Benefits) Regulations (SI 1991
No 167) were satisfied if both the transferring scheme and the receiving scheme
applied to employment with the same, withdrawing employer, whether the
transferring beneficiary had ever been employed by that employer.

Mr Justice Blackburne so held on February 7, 2001 in a reserved judgment in the
Chancery Division, sanctioning the scheme of the claimant, Merchant Navy Ratings
Pension Fund Trustees Ltd, designed to secure the future of that fund in
circumstances in which a significant deficiency in the scheme's resources would
otherwise lead to the scheme's winding-up.

HIS LORDSHIP said that in contrast to the asset-stripping exercise undertaken in
In re Courage Group's Pension Schemes ((1987) 1 WLR 495) the objective of the
transfer provisions was to ensure satisfaction of the pension benefits which it
was the purpose of the scheme to provide. That objective was wholly in keeping
with the purposes of the scheme.

It was for the scheme actuary to certify whether the proposed alterations to the
scheme would adversely affect any members of the scheme: see regulation 3 of the
Occupational Pension Schemes (Modification of Schemes) Regulations (SI 1996 No
2517).

That a member's entitlement or accrued rights under the scheme could be replaced
by an entitlement under another scheme did not, of itself, take the proposed
alteration outside the certification requirement.


LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                              658 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 15, 1997

You pays yer money and takes yer choice;
Rupert Jones reviews the company scheme position

BYLINE: RUPERT JONES

SECTION: The Guardian Money Page; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 929 words


DURING the past few months it has been almost impossible to open a paper or
switch on the news without seeing something about pensions. Much of the coverage
has hardly been very inspiring or cheerful, usually focusing on the problems of
the past and the uncertainties of the future.

The scandal of mis-sold personal pensions, the stock market's recent
rollercoaster ride, and the Chancellor's decision to scrap a tax perk enjoyed by
pension funds have all prompted worry and concern on the pensions front.

Yet signing up with a company pension scheme if one is on offer is undoubtedly
one of the best ways of making provision for the future. But the amount of
pension you end up with on retirement could vary greatly depending on what sort
of scheme you are in.

The next few years are likely to see some dramatic changes to occupational
pensions. The Government launched its review of Britain's pensions system in
July, and plans to publish its initial "framework for change" early next year.
It hopes to bring forward legislation in this Parliament.

That means we are currently in something of a limbo period regarding pensions,
with the future far from certain. But while we wait for the mists to clear, if
you get the chance to join a company pension scheme you should grab it with both
hands.

Pensions minister John Denham has spoken out about the importance of taking
advantage of company pension schemes, saying: "Those who don't join are not only
passing up the opportunity to save for their own future. They are also passing
up the opportunity to benefit from their employer's contribution to the scheme."

You will typically be asked to contribute around 5 per cent of your salary into
the scheme, and your employer will normally pay in a chunk, too.

There are two main sorts of company scheme - final salary (also known as defined
benefit scheme) and money purchase (aka defined contribution scheme).

With a final salary scheme, the most common type, the pension you receive is
based on what you were earning at or near retirement and how many years you've
been a member of the scheme.

You will usually get one-sixtieth or one-eightieth of your final salary for
every year you have been a member.

With a money purchase scheme, you pay in and build up a lump sum, and this is
used when you retire to buy an annuity, which gives you your pension. Many
experts say that a final salary scheme is generally the better bet because of
the security it provides - you know you are guaranteed one-sixtieth (or
one-eightieth) of your final salary for every year in the scheme. With a money
purchase scheme there are no guarantees about what you will get. Your eventual
pension will depend on how much has been put into the scheme, the performance of
the investments and what annuity rates are like when you retire. The fortunes of
pension funds are inextricably linked to those of the stock market as funds
invest most of their assets in shares.

Mick McAteer, at the Consumers' Association, said an employer's final salary
scheme is "the Rolls-Royce of pension funds. You know where you stand".

Fiona Price, at independent financial advisers Fiona Price & Partners, warned
that if an employee decides not to join the company scheme on offer and signs up
with a private scheme instead, he or she will normally lose out on the
employer's contribution.

However, pension planning doesn't stop once you've joined a company scheme. It
is vital to keep an eye on your scheme to check it is performing to target. It
is also important to get an idea of how much your various pension arrangements
are going to give you at retirement so that if it's not going to be enough to
suit your needs, you can do something about it.

Ways of topping up your eventual pension include buying extra contributions -
Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs) - from a provider offered by your
employer, or taking out what's known as a "free-standing AVC" with a commercial
provider such as an insurance company, though the latter is usually less
attractive because you, rather than your employer, will have to pay the charges.

SOME researchers looking at company schemes have detected evidence of a shift
away from final salary schemes and towards money purchase schemes. This is
potentially worrying because a recent study found that by and large,
contributions into money purchase schemes were substantially lower than
contributions into final salary schemes - which suggests some money purchase
people could end up with a much smaller pension than they expected.

The National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF) found that last year there was
only a trickle of companies moving away from final salary to money purchase. But
all this could change following the Pensions Act 1995, which brought in new
regulations from April this year, and Gordon Brown's decision in the summer to
cut the tax relief on pension fund dividends.

Both of these could inadvertently prompt many more firms to make the switch to
reduce their costs and lessen the administrative burden.

Another area of potential concern is the growing number of firms introducing
group personal pension schemes (GPPs) for their staff.

The thing to be aware of is that though these may involve contributions from
your employer, these are not company pension schemes and therefore aren't
covered by all the various regulations affecting traditional company schemes.

The TUC says that in many instances, GPPs are introduced "as a cut-price way of
providing pensions".


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              659 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             April 19, 1992, Sunday

Pensions veer into uncharted waters

BYLINE: By ANTHEA MASEY

SECTION: BUSINESS ON SUNDAY MONEY PAGE; Page 20

LENGTH: 958 words


FINAL-SALARY pension schemes are on the way out, according to some pension
advisers who have had a stream of companies ask for advice on converting such
schemes to money purchase.

Adrian Wood is managing director of St Bernard Plastics, a private engineering
company based in Hampshire which has recently switched its pension scheme from
final salary to money purchase. The scheme is non-contributory and covers its 20
salaried staff: ''We are making the change because we believe everyone benefits.
With so few employees in the scheme it is difficult to get the benefit of the
cross-subsidy that helps keep down costs on larger final- salary schemes,'' he
said.

Mr Wood says his company is saving money, though he won't say how much. ''All
the surplus on the old scheme is being transferred to the new one, and we never
took a pension holiday. Our employees benefit because they can now add their own
contributions, which means they could take early retirement or a build up a
bigger tax-free lump sum, which they couldn't do under the old scheme.''

Kleinwort Benson, the merchant bank, has also been moving away from the final
salary approach. Three years ago new employees were offered the choice of
joining the existing final-salary scheme, or a new money-purchase scheme. Two-
thirds opted for the money-purchase scheme.

Doug Johnstone, of the employee benefit advisers Johnstone Douglas, has advised
more than 100 small and medium-sized companies on switching to money purchase.
He says changes in legislation - particularly the Barber sex discrimination
judgment, which said retirement ages for men and women must be the same ages -
have radically altered the terms of existing schemes, making them potentially
much more expensive.

''Most small companies don't have a pension scheme. Those that do are normally
extremely responsible. But whereas it used to be relatively easy to predict the
future cost of a final-salary scheme, now companies are faced with writing what
amounts to an open cheque.''

With a final-salary scheme a pension is linked to pay at or near retirement and
depends on how long an employee has been in the scheme. Most schemes pay the
maximum pension of two-thirds of final salary after 40 years' service. Employees
normally pay in a percentage of their wages - often 5 per cent - and the
employer pays an amount calculated to make up the shortfall.

If the fund's investments do well and there is a pension surplus, the employer
can take a pension holiday and stop paying into the scheme. However, the fear of
dwindling surpluses, the bottomless pit opened up by the 1990 Social Securities
Act and the Barber sex equality case are leading companies to limit their
pension liabilities.

Money-purchase pensions are not linked to final salary but to the amount
invested in the scheme for each employee and the growth of that investment. In
theory, a money-purchase scheme should produce a similar pension to a
final-salary scheme. But there is no guarantee, because employers do not
undertake to make up any shortfall from poor investment performance. Companies
are adopting the idea of money purchase because they can invest a specified
percentage in each employee's pension scheme each year and know it is the sum
total of their liability.

There are advantages and disadvantages in both types of pension scheme. A person
likely to spend most of his or her working life with one employer should plump
for a final-salary scheme. Frequent job-changers, however, do better with money
purchase, which is much more flexible. With money purchase, each employee has an
individual pot of money that may be transferred to another scheme when changing
jobs.

Employees should treat any change in company pension with suspicion, especially
if the change is motivated by the need to save money. The problem with switching
from final salary to money purchase is that employees may be split on the issue:
long-standing employees are often keen to stay with the final-salary format;
those who intend changing jobs plump for money purchase.

In the end the company has the final say. If it is determined to make the switch
to money purchase, the employees' opinions may not count. Faced with a fait
accompli, it is extremely important for employees to seek good advice when the
old scheme is wound up.

They should watch the thorny question of pension fund surpluses very carefully,
being absolutely clear about what their company intends doing with any surplus.
This is especially true during a recession, when companies may be tempted to
boost cash flow by hanging on to any surplus.

Mr Johnstone says that in all the cases he has dealt with, surpluses have been
paid into the new scheme. ''The Inland Revenue actually makes it quite difficult
for companies to hang on to surpluses when a scheme is wound up. The surplus is
calculated in accordance with the Social Security Act 1990, which requires any
surplus to be used to index-link pensions up to a maximum of 5 per cent. If the
company is determined to hang on to the surplus, the Revenue taxes it at 40 per
cent, whether or not the company is making a profit.''

The other area of contention is over the question of individual transfer values.
When a final-salary scheme is wound up, each employee receives a transfer value
based on the benefits he or she would have got under the old scheme. This is
actuarial work, and any employee unhappy about how the cake is being divided
should ask the company to get a second opinion from another actuary. Failing
that, hire your own.

- A list of actuaries may be obtained from the Institute of Actuaries at Staple
Inn Hall, High Holborn, London WC1V 7QJ. Tel: 071-242 0106.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Independent Print Ltd


                              660 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

IMPROVING LIVES OR JUST A WELFARE MONSTER IN THE MAKING?

BYLINE: ANDREW BAKER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 846  words


The costing of the disability insurance scheme needs much closer scrutiny

EVERYONE seems to be in favour of the National Disability Insurance Scheme and
for good reason; it will improve the lives of hundreds of thousands of
Australians with disability, their carers and families.

The scheme has been described as the biggest social reform in Australia since
Medicare, yet it has gone without substantial public scrutiny because of its
broad public and political support.

The scheme will not ``be like'' another Medicare. In budgetary terms, it is
another Medicare. It will give many people with disability (but not all) the
supports they need to live a full life, take advantage of educational and
employment opportunities, and participate in the community. Early estimates
placed the total cost of providing disability supports to 600,000 people through
the scheme at about $11 billion a year.

More rigorous estimates from the Productivity Commission revised the total cost
of providing supports to 411,000 people with disability at about $15bn a year.

However, these estimates are based on 2009-10 prices, population and costs, and
do not take into account price inflation, general wage increases and population
growth to 2018-19 when the scheme will be fully operational.

Another report, this time by the Australian Government Actuary, filled the gap
left by the commission and found that in 2018-19 the cost of providing scheme
-funded supports to about 441,000 people will start at $22bn (gross) and $10.5bn
(net) every year.

That works out to be about $50,000 a person on average and assumes there are no
cost blowouts during the development of the scheme.

However, neither the commission nor the actuary estimates adequately reflect the
cost and population growth the scheme will experience once it is fully
operational.

For example, increases in the pension age from July 2017 onwards will keep
people on the scheme for longer and allow more people to receive funded
supports. This will add thousands of people to the scheme -- and, at an average
cost of $50,000 a person, it will not come cheap.

Combined with normal population growth and growth from other areas, the scheme
will grow rapidly from the actuary's estimate of 441,000 funded people with
disability in 2018-19 to about 500,000 by 2023-24.

Population growth will drive expenditure growth. Nominal expenditure growth in
the scheme will be about 6 per cent every year from 2018-19 onwards if we take
similar schemes as examples. Expenditure on Medicare services has grown rapidly
since the mid-1980s and New Zealand's Accident Compensation Corp has suffered
huge cost blowouts.

At this rate, taxpayers will be paying about $29.5bn every year by 2023-24 to
provide disability care and support to 500,000 people through the scheme. To top
it off, the government will need more than 8000 local area co-ordinators to
administer the scheme at a cost of about $2bn every year, in addition to the
Canberra-based bureaucracy that will also be charged with administering the
scheme.

And this is the case if everything goes to plan -- and there is no cost blowout,
``scope creep'', mismanagement, incompetence or inefficiency.

There is a real danger the scheme could be even bigger and more expensive than
we imagine.

Political pressure is being applied to expand the scheme to those who will not
be included. About 500,000 people on the disability services pension will not be
eligible for the scheme. Another 600,000 people aged 65 and older with a severe
or profound disability will miss out on funded supports as well because the
scheme is rightly targeted at those who are of working age or younger.

Together, these groups represent more than one million voters with a vested
interest in having the size and scope of the scheme blow out so it can provide
services and support to them as well.

Costs are already starting to blow out. The draft eligibility criteria for the
scheme have expanded to lock in funding for early intervention therapies and the
scheme will provide supports for those with a ``psychosocial disability''. It is
not clear what impact these decisions will have on the cost of the scheme in the
future.

And we still don't know how we are going to pay for it. The options are more
debt, more taxes or more spending cuts.

More debt is neither financially sustainable nor politically feasible. And
Australia's three tiers of government already collect more than $500bn in
revenue so they have plenty of money to pay for the scheme and should not need
another new tax. So, the answer must be cuts to existing government programs.

At an initial price tag of $22bn a year, the NDIS will be a monster of a
government program -- the new leviathan of the Australian welfare state. But we
should see the scheme not just as a monster but as an opportunity to
reprioritise government spending to those who need the most help.

______________________________

>> Andrew Baker is a policy analyst at the Centre for Independent Studies. His
report The New Leviathan: A National Disability Insurance Scheme was released by
the CIS today.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

Decorating Den Interiors: How to choose a color scheme

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 486 words


Following last week's information on how to choose paint color, what is the best
way to select a color scheme?

Using a color wheel, obtained from any art store, you can achieve the perfect
combination for your home.

Here are terms you will need to understand to apply the concepts in this article
when choosing a color scheme:

Monochromatic: A single color.

A monochromatic color scheme uses variations in lightness and saturation of a
single color. This scheme offers a soothing effect, is easy on the eye, is
elegant and provides a balanced look to a room.

When creating a monochromatic scheme, it is generally best to use three to five
shades and tones of the selected color to keep the scheme from being stagnant.
Adding a variety of textures in the monochromatic scheme adds interest and
vibrancy.

Analogous: Colors with a 'family' resemblance

Following colors that are adjacent to each other on the color wheel is using an
analogous scheme. This is similar to the monochromatic scheme, but offers more
hues, such as red, red-orange, and orange. To pull together an analogous scheme,
use one color as the dominant, with the two colors next to it on the wheel as
secondary and accent colors. This scheme will bring a sense of harmony to a home
and is often used in informal areas of the home.

Complementary: Two opposite colors that have nothing in common

A complementary color scheme is made of two colors that are opposite to each
other on the color wheel, such as orange and blue. This offers high contrast
and, consequently, draws maximum attention.

It is best to choose one of the colors to be the dominating and use its
complementary color for accents to create a pleasing balance of color. When you
want to create excitement, the complementary scheme will achieve the goal.

A variation of this scheme is the split complementary, which uses one color and
then the two colors that are adjacent to the complement. Using the orange as the
main color, the two splitting the complement are blue-green and blue-violet.
This is one of the most popular schemes because of the versatility and the
pleasant atmosphere it creates.

Triadic: The most famous of the four on the wheel are red, yellow and blue.

The triadic color scheme uses three colors equally spaced around the wheel, such
as orange, green, and violet. Because this scheme uses a wide array of colors,
it is the richest of the color schemes.

The disadvantage is that it can be difficult to balance and harmonize the room.
To resolve this quandary, use the 60-30-10 rule to distribute the colors -- 60
percent of the scheme as the main color, 30 percent of a secondary color and 10
percent of the last as an accent color.

Sound complicated? Give me a call for a paint consultation and I'd be happy to
help.

------

Maryann Fisher is owner of Decorating Den Interiors, Chambersburg. If you have a
topic for an article,contact her at mafisher@decoratingden.com or 263-4808.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Get it right: Using a color wheel, available from any art store, you
can achieve the perfect color combination for your home.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rural water schemes pose public health risk;
The European Commission has taken a case against Ireland over water quality
supplied to households, reports Paul Melia

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 959 words


DRINKING water supplies serving more than 20,000 households across rural Ireland
have been identified as posing a public health risk due to trihalomethane (THM)
contamination.

Some 20 community-run group water schemes in Cavan, Clare, Galway, Kerry, Mayo,
Roscommon and Sligo are in need of urgent upgrades, with the population served
by each scheme ranging from just over 200 households up to 2,600.

The schemes supply more than 20,000 households (see graph).

THMs are compounds which can occur after chlorine is added to water as part of
the disinfection process. Longterm exposure is linked to an increased risk of
certain types of cancer and other health problems, but it is considered riskier
to drink untreated water.

The group water supplies have been identified by the European Commission as part
of an infringement case being taken against Ireland. Problems with THMs are also
present in public supplies, putting more than 350,000 households at risk, and
highlight the difficulties involved in ensuring safe and clean drinking water in
public and private schemes.

The most recent figures from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which
date from 2014, showed that dangerous bugs including E. coli have been detected
in 76 small, private supplies, and that 97.3pc comply with quality standards.

This compares with 99.9pc of supplies in the public system, operated by Irish
Water.

Around 6pc of the population source their drinking water from group water
schemes, which are run by the community. Around 80,000 households are on private
group water schemes, but the figure is lessclear for public schemes which are
connected to the Irish Water network - it's believed there could be a similar
number.

INVESTMENT Research and Evaluation Officer with the National Federation of Group
Water Schemes (NFGWS), Brian MacDonald, said around (EURO)1bn has been invested
since 2000 on capital upgrades of group water schemes, but that more work was
needed. "Now we're focusing on non-compliant schemes, including installation of
appropriate treatment following PROBLEMS TEND TO ARISE IN SMALLER SCHEMES
analysis of the raw water and completion of installation of network management
tools including meters and valves," he told Farming Independent.

"These are the schemes where investment is needed. An effective disinfection
system (which would eliminate THMs) could cost around (EURO)30,000 for a small
supply. Last year there were 24 group water schemes which failed to meet
standards for E. coli. Around 50 had other microbiological issues. Investment is
based on a risk evaluation, and around 50 schemes need some infrastructure
investment, but we need to ensure the schemes are correctly managed."

The Government has committed to restoring funding levels for capital projects to
group water schemes to help offset the cost of completing improvements. The
NFGWS says it is "fully confident" that increases will be approved.

The money covered the cost of treatment systems, mains replacement, installation
of meters and upgrades to reservoirs. The biggest spend was on design, build and
operate (DBO) contracts, where a private entity built the plant and operates it
on behalf of the community. The investment delivered a huge improvement in
quality.

"We are in the position where the capital investment programme has allowed the
schemes to decommission reservoirs and reduce the planned output from plants so
the water coming through is much safer," Mr MacDonald said. "There has been a
massive improvement, and where problems occur they tend to be in smaller schemes
."

Around half of all private group water schemes serve 100 houses or less. One in
Wexford serves just two properties. To avail of a subsidy, the household and
scheme must have adopted a charter of rights and responsibilities for members,
and the scheme must have a corporate structure. The charter covers everything
from reporting leaks and paying any money which is owed.

"In a group water scheme, I own the water. I can influence the charges, sit on
the board, and there is that democratic control. It's my asset," he said.

Payment is not an issue where a charge is applied. They typically range from
(EURO)50 to (EURO)200 a year, and there is usually a free allowance.

"A lot of people relied on the bucket from the well until the group water scheme
came. They appreciate the endeavour, and they're run on a voluntary basis.
Schemes are also sympathetic to people in difficulty, but where people are
acting the maggot they have been taken to court and disconnected. It's always an
option, because you're a member of a club and you decide not to pay. the rules
say the scheme is entitled to cut you off."

While the NFGWS has no wish to get involved in the debate over whether charges
should be introduced for those on Irish Water's system, it says the utility can
learn lessons from the sector, and highlights the effectiveness of metering.

"We would never advise unlimited free water to members. There has to be a cap,
otherwise the implications are real health costs.

"We had 85pc water loss on some schemes, it was being treated and pumped, and
lost, and we found when we put in the meters, that 50pc of the loss was on the
consumer side. If a meter is put in, the advantages of controlling water flow
through the network are clear.

"In Malin (in Donegal), there is zero water loss in a small scheme of 80 houses.
They have a source which can't produce a lot of water, and water conservation is
very important for them. "In Monaghan, we have less than 10pc water loss. In
upgraded schemes, the loss is between 15pc to 20pc. They're almost competitive
about it. It annoys them that water is being lost. So there really should be no
such thing as an 'acceptable' level of loss when it comes to water."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Eight illegal housing schemes sealed

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 190

LENGTH: 448  words


The Sambrial Tehsil Municipal Administration (TMA) has sealed eight illegal
private housing schemes for fleecing the people by selling out dozens of the
commercial and residential plots that do not even exit on the ground.

The assistant commissioner said that the TMA has sealed the housing schemes
namely Peace Valley Housing Scheme, Chenab Farm Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Iqbal
Housing Scheme, Khalid Avenue Housing Scheme, Abdullah Gardens Housing Scheme,
Happy valley Housing Scheme and Airport Avenue Housing Scheme.

He said that these housing schemes have beed sealed on public complaints.

He said that the managements of these housing schemes had sold out dozens of the
commercial and residential plots to the people especially overseas Pakistanis.

He said that as per the official record of the Sambrial TMA, these plots, mostly
sold out to the overseas Pakistanis, do not exist on ground.

AC Tauqeer Ilyas Cheema revealed that the sealed housing schemes were illegal as
they did not have any basic facility including gas, electricity, wide roads
infrastructure, parks, schools, mosques, graveyards etc.

He said that these housing schemes also did not get NoC from Sambrial TMA.

Daska Tehsil Municipal Administration (TMA) has also got registered the separate
cases against the owners of eight different private housing schemes for
violations of the maps approved by the TMA.

TMA officials said some of these private housing schemes have also not yet get
their maps passed by the TMA.

City police have registered cases Under Section 141 of Local Government
Ordinance 2001 on the reports of the Enforcement Inspectors of Daska TMA against
the owners of the private housing schemes including Muhammad Ayub, Qari Zulfiqar
Ali, Abdul Rauf, Wajid Ameer Lodhi, Shaukat Mehmood Sahi, Yousaf Jamal, Farooq
Zafar and Zafar Mehmood.

On the other side, Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) sealed two illegal money
exchanges in Sialkot and Sambrial.

The FIA teams arrested the owners of these money exchanges namely Shahid Mehmood
and Muhammad Afzal besides recovering a big amount of national and foreign
currency notes, FIA Divisional Deputy Director Khalid Anees said.

He added that FIA has sent the accused behind bars after registering separate
cases.

WALK HELD: A large number of people participated in an awareness walk taken out
by Rescue 1122 here to mark the World First Aid Day.

Emergency Officer Naveed Iqbal led the walk.

The participants were carrying banners and placards.

They pledged to make efforts to educate the public about the safety from the
road accidents.

On the occasion, Naveed announced that the rescuers will give training to the
people while going street to street in Sialkot city.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                 July 31, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Final salary pensions: your pot is at risk;
Promised pensions are unaffordable, and companies and employees will have to
compromise, says Richard Dyson

BYLINE: Richard Dyson

SECTION: BUSINESS;NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 945 words


Pressure is mounting on the Government to oversee a root-andbranch overhaul of
Britain's company pension schemes in which more than 11 million workers have
savings.

It comes as these "final salary" schemes are registering their biggest ever
funding shortfall, now at almost £1 trillion (£1,000bn). This sum is the gap
between the investments these pension schemes own and the likely eventual cost
of the pensions they have already promised to pay.

Unless solutions are found, experts warn, many hundreds of schemes are likely to
fold into the Pension Protection Fund, the lifeboat scheme which provides
reduced pension payouts for retired workers caught up in cash-strapped schemes.

And while that may be bad news for scheme members, there will be difficulties
faced by employers, too, as their ability to invest in current staff and future
growth is hampered by a requirement to continually top up a burdensome pension
scheme.

Increasingly, savers may be required to give up some of their benefits in a
compromise deal. For example, firms could promise to pay them more than they
might obtain through a PPF rescue - but less than they are entitled to in the
letter of their contract.

This is something the former pensions minister Baroness (Ros) Altmann, among
others, is pushing for. The problem is about to be subject to two major reviews,
including one by the influential Work & Pensions Committee of MPs. The outcomes
are likely to result in further support for similar compromise measures.

What will it mean for workers who depend on these schemes to deliver valuable
retirement incomes? The statistics that tell us something has to give The
pensions at risk are those that promise to pay a set income in retirement,
linked to workers' wages and length of service. They are known as final salary
or "defined benefit" schemes.

While few workers contribute to them today, millions have entitlements built up
in the past, when the arrangements were common.

There are 6,000 such schemes, attached to all types of business. Currently 5,000
are in deficit.

The PPF works out a deficit figure based on how much money would be needed to
provide the lower level of pension payouts that members would get if the PPF had
to step in and rescue the scheme. That figure is currently £383bn.

It is, however, a far smaller shortfall figure than would result if schemes were
to pay out everything as promised. This is put at £935bn, according to
consultants Hymans Robertson. These numbers are the worst they've ever been.

This is because, when working out shortfalls, pension trustees look at their
assets and future liabilities and then apply a likely rate of investment return.
Because investment returns are currently excruciatingly low, the shortfalls have
expanded.

What happens today when a company can't pay for pensions? When a company that
operates a final salary pension scheme fails, there is an assessment as to
whether the scheme can meet its promises. If not, it eventually passes to the
PPF, which manages the assets of the scheme and pays out to pensioners according
to its rules and limits.

Under the PPF rules the majority of already retired members of the scheme will
continue to be paid as normal. Most yet-to-retire members will get 90pc of what
they were promised.

Certain groups - such as those who retire early or those with big pensions -
might get less.

What form could a compromise take? Problems arise when companies are not yet
insolvent but are still encumbered with schemes whose deficits are huge.

"The problem with the system as it is today is that too often trustees and their
advisers have not used the flexibilities that already exist, so there are binary
outcomes," said Baroness Altmann, who campaigns on behalf of members of these
schemes. "The company either commits to meeting 100pc of its pension promises,
or the PPF takes over."

She said there were practical solutions that businesses could adopt to reduce
the burden.

These include merging small schemes to cut costs and switching the pledge to pay
inflation-linked annual increases from a higher to a lower measure of inflation
- something that has been implemented across public sector pensions but which
some private sector schemes are unable to do without a change in legislation.

Jonathan Repp of Mercer, a pensions consultancy, is among those who think
shortfalls could be narrowed by moving funds' underlying investments away from
government bonds - something that he argues could reduce risk, too.

Far more radical would be arrangements under which savers agreed through
negotiations with the company behind the scheme to accept payouts that were less
than promised, but still better than those offered by the PPF.

Such a fix was recently mooted for savers in the British Steel scheme.

Joanne Segars, the head of the Pensions & Lifetime Savings Association, which
represents pension schemes, said of this suggestion: "It is inconceivable that
the Government can consider these changes for the British Steel scheme without
also considering amendments for all schemes."

Baroness Altmann is also fiercely opposed to the idea that individual schemes
get "special treatment", wanting instead agreed procedures that could apply to
all. "There is some flexibility in the system as it exists," she said. "But
where reform is needed it should apply across the board.

"Any reform will inevitably be difficult, because retirees might complain that
they are not being paid the exact amount promised. But trying to force an
employer to pay every last penny may be counter-productive.

"We do not want to make the best the enemy of the good."

'Trying to force an employer to pay every last penny may be counterproductive'

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                              May 27, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Demand for 'cast-iron pensions in any deal to safeguards' for save jobs ATTATA

BYLINE: Alan Jones ; Chris Kelsey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 1343 words


UNIONS will seek "cast-iron" safeguards that any changes to the British Steel
Pension Fund to save Tata's UK plants do not lead to employers "dodging" their
responsibilities.

Three unions issued a joint statement warning that if the scheme has to go into
the government's Pension Protection Fund, it would be an "unmitigated disaster",
with workers and pensioners taking a cut in bene-fits.

The government launched a consultation on changes to pensions law, including
cutting the British Steel Pension Fund (BSPS) longterm liabilities by
benchmarking it to the consumer price index (CPI) rather than the higher retail
price index (RPI), in a move that could save £2.5 billion.

Tata is still evaluating bids for the UK business, although there are now
suggestions it could change its mind and decide not to sell.

Business Secretary Sajid Javid, who flew back to the UK yesterday after speaking
to Tata officials in Mumbai, told the Commons he had reiterated the government's
willingness to offer support, adding there were a number of "credible" bidders.

Mr Javid said the consultation on the British Steel pension scheme is designed
to provide "clarity and security" for members.

He told MPs: "Tata understandably wants the sales process to be as swift and as
straightforward as possible. However, they assured me they remain absolutely
committed to being a responsible seller."

Shadow business secretary Angela Eagle said the proposed changes to the pension
fund risked setting a "very worrying precedent" for other company schemes.

The statement from Community, Unite and the GMB said: "There has been a lot of
speculation that any sale of Tata's assets would involve the BSPS going into the
Pension Protection Fund (PPF). The trade unions believe that such a move would
be an unmitigated disaster. The PPF is a financial safety net but it would see
every member of the scheme take an unnecessary cut in pension benefits. The
financial health of the BSPS is such that going into the PPF can certainly be
avoided.

"It is important that all stakeholders continue to explore all available options
that avoid the need for the scheme to go in to the PPF, which would be the worst
deal for scheme members.

"We will seek to work constructively with the UK government and the scheme
trustees to deliver the best possible deal for our members. We need to ensure
that there are cast-iron safeguards in place so this unique situation does not
result in employers dodging their pensions responsibilities."

Ex-Liberal Democrat pensions minister in the former coalition Steve Webb has
warned that the government is "going down a very dangerous path" in seeking to
change the law.

Mr Webb, director of policy at pensions firm Royal London, said: "The desire to
save steel jobs is entirely understandable, but there are huge risks if a quick
fix for this problem were to undermine the carefully constructed pension
protection framework.

"The pensions of millions of workers and pensioners depend on employers
honouring the pension promises that they have made.

"A deal on Tata must not create a precedent or a loophole which could be
exploited by firms keen to walk away from their pension liabilities. Ministers
must tread with extreme caution in this area."

Allan Johnston, chairman of the board of trustees of the British Steel Pension
Scheme, said: "The trustees welcome the government's decision to consult on
changes to the law applying to the scheme.

"The trustees will be writing to members over the coming days to make clear its
belief that, with government support, it should be possible to modify benefits
so as to allow the scheme to remain outside the Pension Protection Fund (PPF)
indefinitely and on a low-risk basis.

"Although this would entail future pension increases being cut back from their
current levels, benefits would be more generous than those provided by the PPF
for the vast majority of scheme members.

"The primary focus of the trustees is to secure the best outcome for scheme
members.

"While the current pension protection framework provides a valuable safeguard
for pension scheme members generally, the circumstances of the British Steel
Pension Scheme are such that its assets could be better used in paying member
benefits than potentially swelling a PPF surplus or insurance companies'
profits."

Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb said: "I am publishing a
consultation on options for the British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS).

"Britain's steel industry is an important part of our economy, which is why we
are doing everything we can to support it and secure a long-term viable future.

"As part of this it's right that we do all we can for the British Steel Pension
Scheme, to support a sale-anddeliver clarity for scheme members. "The
consultation includes a full range of options that consider whether and how the
scheme could be separated from the existing sponsoring employer, and whether it
will be necessary to reduce the benefits within the scheme."

The government consultation, to run until June 23, sets out a number of
different options, saying: "The exceptionality of the situation means that we
need to think seriously about all possible options.

"The legislative and parliamentary process is also such that, in order to have
changes to regulations in place if that is what is required to enable a
satisfactory resolution for steel production, the government needs to start the
consultation process before the hope of any deal is con-firmed."

The scheme has 130,000 members, including 14,000 currently employed by Tata or
another employer, 32,000 are deferred (no longer employed by Tata but below the
scheme's normal pension age) and 84,000 are pensioners.

The Department for Work and Pensions said that according to December 2015
figures, the scheme has assets of £13.3bn and liabilities based on running on
with a solvent sponsoring employer of around £14bn, so has a defi-cit estimated
at around £700m on a technical provisions basis.

"However, the scheme is around £1.5bn short of what would be needed to buy out
benefits equivalent to Pension Protection Fund (PPF) compensation level. The
def-ficit to buy out the benefits in full is estimated to be around £7.5bn."

Human resources director for Tata's European operations Tor Farquhar said: "This
is an important step forward which would enable a better outcome for the vast
majority of members of the British Steel Pension Scheme than the benefits
provided by the Pension Protection Fund.

"The consultation is also an important step that supports the prospect of
securing a sustainable future for Tata Steel UK's 11,000 employees.

"In particular, we welcome the inclusion of an option to change the way that
future payments in the scheme are increased. This option, which is fully
supported by the pension scheme's trustees, provides a way for the scheme to
continue to operate on a wellfunded, low-risk basis indefinitely. "The British
Steel Pension Scheme was set up on the basis that pension increases would be
provided so long as they remained affordable.

"The proposed legislative changes would allow this unusual rule to operate as
intended. That means it's unlikely that a regulatory change would affect other
finalsalary pension schemes.

"The proposed option to change future pension increases would significantly
improve the funding position and risk associated with the British Steel Pension
Scheme.

"It also produces a better outcome for the scheme's members than entry to the
Pension Protection Fund.

"We believe, together with the scheme's trustees, that this is in the best
interests of the scheme's members, for both current and future pensioners."

Meanwhile, the United States Department of Commerce announced it will levy
anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties of up to 451% on Chinese corrosionresistant
steel.

Chinese steel exports have become a contentious issue, hitting producers across
the US and Europe, including the UK.

The decision comes a week after the US said it would impose duties of more than
500% on Chinese cold-rolled flat steel.

» Pension options: Page 24

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steelworkers march past Parliament to highlight the crisis in the steel
industy. A shortlist of bidders is currently being drawn up for the UK assets of
Tata Steel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Design and implementation of Nigeria's social security scheme

LENGTH: 1348  words


One of the promises made by the All Progressives Congress (APC) party during the
presidential campaigns is the implementation of a national social security
scheme targeting the elderly in poor households and unemployed youths in the
country. The recent reiterations in the media by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo
and the information minister, Lai Mohammed, and the declaration on the floor of
the National Assembly by the former Ekiti State governor and now minster for
solid minerals, Kayode Fayemi, have added credibility to this promise.

The federal government has joined the league of progressive middle-income
countries determined to improve their public systems through provision of social
security schemes targeted at the most vulnerable groups in their population,
including the elderly, unemployed youths, disabled, and widows. Social security
is a basic human right, as enshrined in Articles 22 and 25 of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights in the United Nations General Assembly Resolution
217A (III) of 1948.

Nigeria is a signatory to these declarations and has the resources to implement
a national social security scheme. However, successive administrations (military
and civilian) have shown little political will and commitment, thereby depriving
the citizenry of these rights. Even as Nigeria has recorded one of the highest
growth rates in the developing world in recent years, averaging 7.4 percent
yearly, the extent to which this economic performance reflects on ordinary
citizens is far from obvious.

The national social security scheme in Nigeria is highly desirable. Longevity
and improved maternal health have led to a rapid increase in the elderly
population (65 years and above), as well as potentially productive youths (aged
20-35). Approximately 5 percent of the Nigerian population are elderly whilst
over 40 percent are potentially productive youths. But households are becoming
poorer largely due to high unemployment level, especially amongst the youths.
The disabled and women face high inequality, whilst most of the widows face
uncertain future. These are the most vulnerable groups in the population, as
they are unable to cope with socioeconomic shocks when they occur.

For example, most of the elderly in poor households have no access to formal
social security such as employment-related pensions, and they are unable to take
advantage of income-generating opportunities even when they are available. In
this situation, the provision of an old-age non-contributory cash transfer
scheme provides an option to mitigate vulnerability to shocks, a way out of
old-age poverty, and promoting pro-poor growth. Generally, a social security
scheme should aim at smoothing consumption and providing reliable income to
older people and short-term insurance against income shocks for those youths who
could not find work, and other vulnerable groups in the population.

The above realities make a national social security scheme imperative and more
urgent in Nigeria, but its effective design and implementation will be
difficult. Even in advanced societies that are largely homogenous with
well-established social security system, there are issues of coverage,
targeting, determining eligibility, financing, duration, benefit level,
conditionality, benefit administration, monitoring and evaluation, data
collection, etc. In addition to these issues and in the Nigerian context, a
social security scheme at the national level will generate ethnic, religious,
political and even community and intra-household tensions. How the federal
government addresses these issues is key to a successful and sustainable
implementation of the scheme. It is unclear yet which ministry or government
agency will implement the scheme.

For the proposed scheme to be sustainable and achieve the goals of poverty
reduction and sustainable development in Nigeria, the federal government or the
implementation agency should demonstrate clarity and commitment in the following
related but important design and implementation areas:

Identifying core goals and objectives. One core objective is consumption
smoothing through regular incomes. Another is redistribution, aimed at reducing
poverty in the beneficiary households, and gender equity. The remaining design
and implementation issues revolve around maintaining the core goals and
objectives.

Population coverage. Should the scheme be restricted to the elderly, or include
unemployed youths, or permanently disabled who cannot support themselves and
have no other means of support? Should the scheme be implemented at the state or
local government levels?

Eligibility. Given the goal of poverty reduction, should the scheme be universal
or targeted based on some eligibility criteria and how should the eligibility be
determined - on the basis of current income, household assets, or both?

Contributory or non-contributory. Elderly scheme is likely to be
non-contributory. But should the youths who benefitted now make contributions
when they found work in order to sustain the scheme into the future?

Conditional or unconditional. Should the elderly scheme be made conditional on
children in beneficiary households attending school and have up-to-date
immunisation? Should the youth scheme be conditional on looking for work and for
how long?

Benefits level. The scheme will be budget-financed to guarantee subsistence, but
is the N5,000 proposed sufficient to meet the basic needs of the targeted
population or should the benefit be more ambitious? How will benefits be indexed
for cost of living changes?

Complementary supply-side interventions. Lessons from experience suggest that
social security schemes are more effective when complemented by supply-side
interventions. For example, what is the usefulness of a youth unemployment
income transfer without providing an environment conducive for
employment-generating ventures?

The importance of these issues dictates the need for the federal government to
take its time and not rush at implementing the scheme. In a highly heterogeneous
society as Nigeria, it would be politically suicidal to implement a scheme that
will create tensions in the polity. Experience from Latin America shows no easy
ways to address these issues. The key problem, as in other African countries,
relates to lack of experience, technical skills and ability, which constrain the
capacity of government actors and operators to effectively design and implement
social security schemes generally, and address issues prior to implementation.

Two key options are open to the federal government. First, there is a need to
undertake national training workshops designed to strengthen the capacity of
government actors and operators to effectively design and implement the scheme.
The experience of the Ekiti scheme showed the importance of capacity building
workshops for officials of the implementation agency. Secondly, the federal
government should first implement a pilot scheme, possibly in selected
states/local governments, before scaling up to the entire nation. The pilot
scheme serves as an experimental phase of the scheme and provides an opportunity
to examine the impact of the scheme on beneficiary outcomes. The findings from
such a pilot exercise can be used to inform donor co-fund decisions. Also, the
pilot scheme provides an avenue to identify design and implementation problems
areas, which can then be addressed before scaling-up.

Finally, the international donor community has an important role to play in
contributing to the development of a national social security scheme as a
strategy for poverty reduction and sustainable development in Nigeria. No
country in developing world single-handedly finances a social security scheme.
Rather, international donors such as the International Labour Organisation, Help
Age International, UNDP, UNICEF, World Bank, etc. provide financial and
technical support. The key for attracting such donor support, however, is for
the federal government to continue to show political will and commitment to the
scheme as well as demonstrating good governance.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Narendra Modi government may allow states a say in the allocation to CSS

BYLINE: Yogima Sharma

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 487 words


NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government could allow states a say in central
allocation to social welfare schemes, a measure that is in keeping with its
promise of cooperative federalism and will enable state governments to focus on
programmes that best meet their requirements.

The sub-group of chief ministers on centrally sponsored schemes headed by Madhya
Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has recommended that the schemes be
divided into core of the core schemes, core schemes and optional schemes for
determining funding pattern.

"Allowing states choice among optional schemes is an innovation. Depending on
ease of its implementation, the same option of preferred allocation in core
schemes may also be introduced, subject to conditions," the panel said in its
report submitted to the PM. According to the report, the innovative idea can be
introduced on the condition that all states mandatorily participate in all the
core schemes, for which the finance ministry may indicate a minimum allocation
for every state. One of the key recommendations of the sub-group is to allow
states to decide on the optional schemes and their required funds to be
implemented as per their needs. Besides, it said that states be allowed to use
funds of some of the optional schemes to run other schemes, if needed.

The panel also recommended an increase in the flexi funds to states to 25% from
10% of the total allocation.

For core of the core schemes such as the rural jobs programme under MGNREGA, the
panel recommended no change in the fund sharing between the Centre and the
states, while in the case of core schemes it pitched for a ratio of 60:40 for
"ordinary" states and 90:10 for those classified as "difficult", such as Jammu &
Kashmir and the states in the Northeast.

The Centre and the states should contribute equally to the optional schemes, in
the case of ordinary sates, the panel said, while recommending 80:20 ratio in
the case of difficult states. Although the funding pattern differs from scheme
to scheme, there is no such classification at present as that recommended by the
panel. Rationalisation of centrally sponsored schemes has become necessary in
the wake of higher devolution of funds to states following the recommendations
of the 14th Finance Commission.

ET VIEW

States must make the best use of fiscal space

Leeway to states to give their own preferences for core social schemes makes
sense. The 14th finance commission has created extra fiscal space for the states
in the form of a huge jump in devolution, although accompanied by a simultaneous
cut in the central support for the states' Plan spending. States must make the
best use of the fiscal space given to them to create, formulate, adopt and
oversee their own plans. At the same time, they must also allocate resources to
nationally important plans as the onus lies on states to create their own
prosperity.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                      November 13, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Chief Minister's Sub-group for Schemes compring National Development Agenda

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 668  words


By TIOL News Service

NEW DELHI, NOV 13, 2015: THE Sub-Group of Chief Ministers on the rationalisation
of Centrally-sponsored Schemes(CSS) has recommended that the focus of CSS should
be on the Schemes that comprise the National Development Agenda where the Centre
and the States will work together in the spirit of Team India.

Sectors like Poverty Elimination including MGNREGA and Schemes for social
inclusion; Drinking water and Swachh Bharat Mission; Rural Connectivity
including Electrification; Access Roads and Communications; Agriculture
including Animal Husbandry, Fisheries and Irrigation; Education including Mid
Day Meal; Health, Nutrition, Women and Children; Housing for All: Urban
Transformation and Law and Order and Justice Delivery System would be Core
Sectors as they constitute important elements of  the National Development
Agenda.  MGNREGA and Schemes for Social inclusion would be accorded highest
priority.

Accordingly, existing CSS should be divided into: Core and Optional schemes.

++ Amongst the Core Schemes, those for social protection and social inclusion
should form the Core of the Core and be the first charge on available funds for
the National Development Agenda.

++ Ordinarily, in any sector there should be one Umbrella scheme having the same
funding pattern for all its sub-components.

++ Investment levels in Core Schemes should be maintained so as to ensure that
the optimum size of the programme does not shrink.

++ Funds for Optional Schemes would be allocated to States by the Ministry of
Finance as a lump sum and States would be free to choose which Optional Schemes
they wish to implement. Additionally, the States have been given the flexibility
of portability of funds from optional schemes ( should it choose not to utilize
to utilize its entire allocation under that head) to any other CSS component
within the overall allocation for the state under CASP.

From now onwards, the sharing pattern should be:

For Core Schemes -

a) For 8 NE and 3 Himalayan  States: Centre: State: 90:10

b) For other States: Centre: State: 60:40

c) For Union Territories: Centre: 100%

For Optional Schemes

a) For 8 NE and 3 Himalayan States: Centre: State: 80:20

b) For other States: Centre: State: 50:50

c) For Union Territories: Centre: 100%

++ Existing funding pattern for schemes classified as Core of the Core should
continue.

++ Remuneration for ASHAs, Aanganwadi and Contract Teachers to be protected.
However, Central Assistance (CA) may be capped at existing level for the next 2
years in this regard.

(Provision for incomplete projects: all works begun in projects in existence in
2014-15 in which work has been awarded till   31 March 2015 should be funded on
the existing pattern for the next 2 years.

++ Flexibility in Schemes and Institutional mechanism: 25% allocation in a
Scheme should be flexi-fund, to be spent in accordance with Ministry of Finance
guidelines.

++ Design of CSS should be broadly like Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY)
with a large number of admissible components in a scheme, and the States being
free to choose components to suit their local needs.

++ Cost norms in construction component of schemes should be decided by States
subject to capping of allocation by the Centre.

++ Releases of funds should be simplified, based on yearly authorization. Actual
release of cash would be on quarterly basis. .

++ Releases should be based on Utilization Certificates of the installment prior
to the last installment to a State/UT.

++ The Ministry of Finance would make Scheme-wise allocations for Core Schemes.
In each Core Schemes, there would be transparent criteria for State allocation
of funds.  There would also be transparent criteria for the lump sum allocation
to States for Optional Schemes. These criteria to be evolved by NITI Aayog in
consultation with State Governments and central Ministries.

++ NITI Aayog to have concurrent jurisdiction in monitoring of Centrally
Sponsored Schemes in the States and Central Ministries.

++ Third-party evaluation by NITI Aayog.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Why has the subvention scheme proved so successful?;
Leading developers point out that it has proved to be a win-win concept for all
the stakeholders; banks, builders and buyers

BYLINE: Team DNA

LENGTH: 1307  words


'Many first-time home buyers have benefitted and are residing in our
project'-Manju Yagnik, co-chairperson, Nahar Group

We were the pioneers to introduce  20:80 schemes in the real estate industry.
The trend began a decade ago when we introduced the scheme to attract home
buyers to invest in the property, which may offer them an appreciation. Our
objective was to bring in more home buyers in the real estate sector. Although
the basic objective was to bring in potential real estate investors, many of the
first time home buyers have benefitted from the scheme.

We have introduced these special schemes at Nahar's Amrit Shakti in Chandivali
for our 3 projects, Yvonne, Burberry and Bryony. Currently we are offering 20:80
schemes in our project.

The scheme comforts the buyer with minimum investment to own a property here.
The buyer is not burdened with paying the pre-EMI interest as well as rent thus
resulting in saving a huge amount, which effectively reduces his cost of
investment. This scheme is most suitable for executives staying on rent
currently and wants to upgrade without burdening with EMI interest.

Factors driving its growth

Real estate is a business where the project completion is a great task for the
developers. Many a time it is observed that there has been a delay in delivery
of the apartments. Home buyers are getting restless when such things happen.
However, the 20:80 scheme resolved all their concerns. Tie up with leading bank,
involvement of a top real estate brand and the location of the project worked
very well in promoting the scheme. Similar are the drivers for the industry
where ever the scheme achieved a success. The participants in the 20:80 scheme
largely were non resident indians (NRIs),  business executives working with
leading corporate houses and MNCs, High Net Worth Individuals, businessmen and
employees of the aviation sector, since the project is in  close proximity of
the International airport.

Our experience at Nahar's Amrit Shakti is that the scheme is mostly availed of
by the end users. Banks are monitoring the progress  and disbursing the funds as
per the stage of construction. The customer is safe and the bank is also safe.
We have people who purchased in the 20:80 scheme residing in the project since
years. If RBI is concerned about investors, it should instruct banks not to
disburse the entire amount upfront. However, the 20:80 scheme itself should not
be stopped. It is a good scheme and without it, actual users will lose the
benefit. People will find it very difficult to  buy homes above Rs. 1 crore
without such a facility.

'Having possession-linked payment helps the home seekers' -Basesh Gala,
director, Marketing and Sales, Ravi Group

With the upcoming festival season, developers are betting big on the 20:80
scheme to beat the slowdown in the real estate business. Ravi group has
introduced similar scheme at Gaurav Excellency, Mira Road (E), which is 30:70 as
it is a win-win situation for the developer as well as the investor. In this
scheme, the home buyers have to pay only 30% upfront, while the remaining 70%
will be paid at the time of possession. Under this scheme, a buyer of an 'under
construction' property is not required to pay monthly EMIs for a defined
time-frame or until he takes possession. With the advent of the festive season,
which is considered to be auspicious for real estate investment we feel that it
will further boost the realty sales in the forthcoming months.

Purchaser benefits

The scheme tries to address concerns over investment and timing of the project.
In the 30:70 scheme, a customer only invests 30% and then rest only on
possession so the risk exposure and burden reduces. Such schemes are very
popular with investors as it gives them the opportunity to increase their gains
on property investment exponentially by leveraging on its offers. The scheme can
be a significant facilitator to the people staying in rented houses and wanting
to buy under construction property by taking a home loan. They could move into
their own houses once they were ready and start paying EMIs instead of rent.

Developer benefits

This scheme provides the developers with the much needed liquidity and also
enables to prop up their sales without resorting to the price cut. However, they
need to be cautious in terms of financing and timing. It is customer friendly
and addresses their concerns about investment risk and timing of project.
Builder needs to be cautious in terms of financing and timing. This scheme could
be a short-term solution to create a buzz in the sluggish economic scenario.

The RBI notification could harm market sentiments and affect buyers: Housing
sector representatives

Lalitkumar Jain, chairman, CREDAI

Reserve Bank has issued a circular on disbanding current practices. It should
consult stakeholders before issuing such circulars. The housing finance
institutions or banks safeguard their interest while devising such instruments.
Abruptly issuing such circulars, advising banks against established practices
only harm the sentiments and disrupts business plans. This at the end creates
setback for projects affecting end consumers. We expect the new RBI governor
taking charge will get into consultative process with stakeholders before taking
decision and issuing circulars or advisories. In the past, RBI circulars have
resulted into reversal of good market sentiments affecting economy and
concerning housing sector.

Anil Pharande, vice president, CREDAI (Pune Metro)

Builders who had been relying on this scheme to generate project funding will be
hit hard if banks abolish it. Since this would effectively raise the cost of
project capitalization even higher, there is no question of a correction in
prices as a result of this move. We can only hope that the reverse does not
become a reality instead. However, it is really unfortunate that such moves are
being made just before the festive season, during which builders across
Maharashtra are expecting increased demand. Last year, it was the VAT issue,
which coincided with this critical period.

Kishor Pate, CMD, Amit Enterprises Housing Ltd

It can prove to be yet another blow to residential real estate industry. Many
developers have been banking on funds generated by these schemes to complete and
deliver their projects. This comes at a time when construction costs have risen
sky-high and the cost of funding is crippling, so it is unlikely that this will
lead to a reduction in prices. Nevertheless, such moves are definitely set-backs
for the industry as a whole. Established developers with capacity to complete
projects on the basis of their own resources and traditional funding will still
be able to honour customer commitments.

Anshuman Magazine, chairman & MD, CBRE South Asia Pvt Ltd

The Reserve Bank of India's decision to disallow banks from granting loans for
under-construction projects through

innovative schemes will adversely affect the sale of projects where such schemes
were prevalent. No doubt, banks should do their due diligence and assess risks
before agreeing to fund these schemes. However, they should be allowed the
flexibility of such schemes, which encourages more people to own homes.

Shobhit Agarwal managing director - capital markets, Jones Lang LaSalle India

RBI has reacted sharply to the fact that banks and HFCsare promoting home loan
products such as the 80:20 or 75:25 schemes, which involve tripartite agreements
involving lenders, developers and property buyers. The basis of this move is
that though these schemes do invariably mention the financial implications to
the consumer in the fine print, many consumers are evidently unable to decipher
the fine print. This move by the RBI is aimed at protecting the interest of
property buyers who are not aware of the long-term financial implications of
such and similar schemes.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Kingdom

                               December 23, 2010

IFA wants scheme up and ready in new year

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


THE IFA has called for the reopening of the agrienvironment options scheme in
early 2011 so that contracts for the scheme can start at an early date.
Welcoming the budget decision to reopen the scheme for 10,000 farmers next year,
the IFA's rural development committee chairman, Tom Turley, said that the
Minister for Agriculture, Brendan Smith, must avoid the short application
periods, which arose earlier this year. The IFA official said it is vital that
the 10,000 places in the scheme are fully utilised as the scheme is vital in
supporting farm income.

Mr Turley said the allocation to REPS and the agri-environemnt options scheme in
2011 has been increased to ¤337 million and that this will allow all commitments
under REPS 4 and the agri-environement options scheme to be honoured next year.

He said it is vital that the Minister for Agriculture avoids as little carryover
of payments from this year into next year.

On other budget issues, the IFA has estimated that 14,500 farmers will receive
their 20 per cent tranche of farm waste management grants before the end of next
year. The remaining 2,500 farmers will receive their interest payment separately
also early in the new year.

Mr Turley has also welcomed the recognition of the important role the
disadvantaged areas scheme plays in supporting the incomes of 100,000 farmers.
He said this scheme is worth ¤220 million and it is vital in protecting farm
incomes and that the allocation remains the same for next year.

On farm grants, the IFA said it has received reassurances that the dairy hygiene
scheme and the water harvesting scheme will open in early 2011.

The sheep handling and fencing scheme, as well as the pigs and poultry welfare
scheme are fully protected with a total allocation of ¤19 million. Also, ¤8
million has been provided to pay grants to 500 farmers who complete works under
the farm improvement scheme.

Mr Turley acknowledged the commitment to maintain important rural development
measures such as the rural social scheme, the rural protection scheme including
the walks, Leader and National Parks and Wildlife Service farm plan schemes.

Mr Turley said farm schemes were vital to the survival of farming and the IFA
would be demanding that the CAP rural development plan is not interfered with
again in the remaining three years of the programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             July 26, 2008 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                   e1 Edition

Scheme accuses doctors of milking PMBs;
Some specialists are charging your medical scheme far more than the guideline
tariffs to treat conditions covered by the prescribed minimum benefits because
they know schemes are obliged to pay whatever a doctor charges for treating
these conditions. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 876 words


Doctors are charging as much as eight times the guideline tariffs for treating
conditions covered by the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) because they know
your scheme has to pay whatever they bill for these services.

This is according to a scheme that recently failed in its attempt to stop a
doctor charging it more than the guideline tariffs for the PMBs.

Schemes are obliged to pay for the PMBs in full and can limit the cost of
providing these benefits only by contracting with doctors and insisting you use
these doctors when you can.

But if you have an emergency and must be treated by the nearest available
doctor, schemes are at the mercy of the doctor who treats you and must pay
whatever he or she charges.

This ultimately affects the contributions you, as a member of a medical scheme,
pay.

Neil Nair, the fund officer of the South African Municipal Workers' Union
National Medical Scheme (Samwumed), has produced a list of 10 different PMB
claims where the practitioners have charged 800 percent of the guideline tariffs
on the National Health Reference Price List (NHRPL).

These charges also exceed the highest rates which the Health Professions Council
of South Africa (HPCSA) says it is ethical for practitioners to charge. The
HPCSA's maximum rates are about 300 percent of the tariffs on the NHRPL.

Charges such as these are the target of proposed amendments to the National
Health Act that aim to introduce a bargaining chamber for tariffs that medical
schemes will pay healthcare providers.

One of the proposals is that medical schemes and healthcare practitioners should
negotiate the maximum tariff that schemes will pay for PMB services. If the
amendment is enacted, practitioners and other healthcare providers will be
prevented from charging more than this maximum tariff.

Higher tariffs for PMBs

Nair says in 2006 Samwumed paid seven percent of PMB claims on one of its
options at rates higher than those on the NHRPL.

In the first three quarters of 2007, these claims increased to 12 percent,
"indicating an increase in awareness among service providers to charge a higher
tariff for PMB treatment".

Nair says Samwumed has not referred the cases involving the 10 PMB claims to the
HPCSA because the council takes so long to hear complaints. He says he can't see
the sense in reporting these cases to the HPCSA when the Council for Medical
Schemes has compelled the scheme to pay whatever rate the doctor charges.

Samwumed recently lost an appeal to the Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal
Committee that concerned a paediatrician who charged 240 percent of the NHRPL
rate for services rendered to a member's baby in respiratory distress, a PMB
condition.

The scheme was ordered to pay the paediatrician's bill in full despite the fact
that the scheme normally reimburses doctors at NHRPL rates. It appealed against
this decision, but lost the appeal.

Paul Jammy, the chairman of the Appeal Committee, noted that the appeal brought
into focus "a shortcoming in the Medical Schemes Act" in that schemes may at
times be forced to pay the full cost of treatment despite the fact that the fees
charged may be up to three times higher than the NHRPL rates.

Vuyani Ngalwana, the former Pension Funds Adjudicator, issued a dissenting
ruling on the case in which he argued that the legislature could not have
intended the Medical Schemes Act to allow doctors to charge schemes what they
like for PMBs. However, the majority of the committee found in favour of the
paediatrician, and Samwumed was forced to pay up.

Nair says Samwumed has appealed against the Appeal Committee's ruling to an
appeal board appointed by Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, the Minister of Health.

Similar dispute

An appeal to this board has also been lodged in a similar matter that involves a
dispute between the Government Employees Medical Scheme and a paediatrician who
treated premature twin babies.

In this case, the Appeal Committee, chaired by Ngalwana, found that the medical
scheme was not obliged to pay that part of the paediatrician's bill that related
to a charge that is not on the NHRPL.

The charge was introduced by the South African Medical Association last year to
compensate paediatricians for the increased skill needed when they treat babies
in intensive care. The additional charge recognises that neonatal care requires
greater skill than intensive care for older patients.

The NHRPL was not revised last year and hence the new charge was not considered
for inclusion.

The paediatrician says if he had been paid at NHRPL rates for treating each
baby, he would have been paid R1 490 for the first 24 hours of care. This charge
would have been made up of R963 for caring for a baby, R527 for ventilating it
and R80 for administering a drip.

From the second to the 14th day of care the doctor's fee would drop to R783 a
day: R351 for caring for the infant, R351 for ventilating it and R80 for
administering a drip.

He says these charges are much too low compared with the R300 to R500 a
paediatrician can earn for a 15-minute consultation in his or her rooms.

He says the charges fail to take into account the multiple visits a
paediatrician may need to make in order to check on a baby, emergency call-outs
or the numerous telephonic consultations over the child's condition.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 23, 2008 Saturday



CORRECTION: In our July 26 edition, we published a table of claims submitted to
the South African Municipal Workers Union National Medical Scheme (Samwumed) by
doctors who treated members for different prescribed minimum benefit (PMB)
conditions.

The table was intended to provide proof of Samwumed's allegation that the scheme
had received claims from practitioners who charged 800 percent of the National
Health Reference Price List (NHRPL) tariffs.

The table listed these claims as coming from a variety of practitioners when in
fact they were all claims from anaesthetists and paediatricians.

Some of the entries in the table, particularly those that related to claims from
anaesthetists, also incorrectly compared the actual amount charged, which may
have been for a number of units of time, to the NHRPL amount for a single unit.
Actual claims submitted may also have been higher in cases where anaesthetists
treated more difficult patients, such as those who are overweight. As a result,
not all of the actual amounts charged represented claims at 800 percent of the
relevant NHRPL tariff.

However, Samwumed stands by its claim that some doctors are charging many times
the NHRPL amount, and says it will be provide proof of this when its appeal
against a Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee decision is heard by the
Appeal Board which is appointed by the Minister of Health.

A paediatrician complained to the Council for Medical Schemes when Samwumed
failed to pay him an above- NHRPL rate for a PMB service. The scheme was ordered
by the Council for Medical Schemes to pay the bill, but took the matter on
appeal to the appeal committee and has since appealed to the Appeal Board.

In an article last week on government action to protect investors, it was
incorrectly reported that the scam investment that was operated by Jack Milne
was called the PSG Guaranteed Fund. Its correct name was the PSC Guaranteed
Fund.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 26, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Move to limit medical costs may benefit you;
A proposed amendment to the National Health Act aims to limit the costs of
benefits medical schemes must provide to you, the member. In the meantime, a
scheme continues to defend its own attempt to limit these costs. Laura du Preez
reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1122 words


Late last week Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, the Minister of Health, dropped a
bombshell on private hospitals and doctors used by medical scheme members, in
the form of a draft bill giving her the power to vet prices negotiated for
healthcare services provided in terms of the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs).

The move came at the request of medical schemes which have been arguing that
they are price-takers (being forced to pay whatever is charged) when it comes to
the PMBs - the benefits schemes must provide. This is because the Medical
Schemes Act requires schemes to pay for your treatment in terms of the PMBs in
full without any co-payments or deductibles. This has led to increasing costs
for schemes and higher contributions for you.

Price facilitator

The bill, which seeks to amend the National Health Act, gives the health
minister the right to appoint a facilitator who will each year invite hospitals
and doctors to negotiate the prices of healthcare services.

The bill proposes that the facilitator has the right to request any information
regarding the price of healthcare services to assist the negotiations and the
failure to provide this will be an offence.

If stakeholders cannot agree on prices, the bill proposes that the facilitator
make recommendations.

If this fails, a tribunal set up in terms of the Act, will set a price and
either the agreed prices or the prices set by the tribunal will be published by
the minister as the schedule of fees.

Service providers will not be able to bill you or your scheme more than this
price for the PMBs.

The PMBs cover all medical emergencies, 270 listed conditions, many of which are
life-threatening, and 25 common chronic conditions.

The draft bill, which has been published for public comment until May 16, has
been welcomed by the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) which represents medical
schemes but it has been met with howls of protest from hospital groups and
doctors.

The BHF says the bargaining process proposed by the minister will be more
transparent and submissions made during the process will be subject to rigorous
and robust scrutiny to arrive at fair and reasonable prices for healthcare
services.

Private hospital spokespeople, however, described the proposed bargaining
process as draconian, and said the minister's initiatives were based on
misunderstandings about private healthcare services and would not benefit
patients.

While the hospitals questioned the right of the minister to intervene in private
healthcare in this way, the managing director of the BHF, Huphrey Zokufa, said
the private healthcare industry "needs to make a paradigm shift in the way it
perceives healthcare. Healthcare should not be seen as a commodity but rather as
a social benefit."

The bill is likely to have a difficult passage into law and even once enacted,
it will take some time to get the supporting regulations in place and the
process up and running.

Important Appeal suspended

In the meantime, a ruling by the Appeal Committee of the Council for Medical
Schemes that could have offered medical schemes immediate relief from their
open-ended liability for PMB costs, has been taken on appeal to the council's
Appeal Board and thus suspended pending the outcome of that appeal.

The ruling suggested that doctors and other healthcare providers do not have a
blank cheque to charge medical scheme members whatever tariff they like for PMBs
and that they must bill only at the rate at which the medical scheme is prepared
to reimburse.

Vuyani Ngalwana, the chairman of the committee and the former Pension Funds
Adjudicator, who wrote the suspended ruling says that the Medical Schemes Act
and its regulations were "carefully crafted to keep healthcare service costs
down" and could not, therefore, have been intended to allow doctors and other
healthcare providers to charge whatever fee they please for the PMBs without any
regard to the scheme's tariff.

The case was brought to the appeal committee by a paediatrician, identified only
as KY, who took exception to the fact that the Government Employees Medical
Scheme (Gems) had refused to pay an amount of R7 040 for the emergency care of
newborn twin babies in a neonatal intensive care unit.

While both the doctor and the medical scheme agreed that the babies' condition
was a PMB, they disagreed on the amount the scheme was obliged to reimburse the
doctor.

The regulations under the Medical Schemes Act state that medical schemes must
"pay in full, without co-payment or the use of deductibles, the diagnosis,
treatment and care costs of the PMB conditions".

guide to health costs

Ngalwana said the paediatrician argued that this obliged the scheme to pay his
bill in full without taking into account the tariffs at which the scheme had
decided to reimburse for healthcare services and had published in its rules.

The applicable tariff in this case was based on the rate in the National Health
Reference Price List (NHRPL), with an adjustment for inflation.

The doctor said the NHRPL rates were published only as a guide and stated that
schemes and healthcare service providers were free to determine their own
benefit rates and fee structures.

But Ngalwana said although the regulations obliged schemes to "pay in full" for
PMB services, this cannot mean that doctors and other healthcare providers can
charge whatever they like "because that would make nonsense of the legislature's
clear intention in introducing the PMB provisions into the Medical Schemes Act".

He said the fact that the Act makes provision for schemes to appoint a
designated service provider with which the scheme has negotiated favourable
rates and then limits schemes to paying for PMBs in full only when members use
these providers or in certain cases, such as an emergency, another provider, "is
a clear indication that the legislature's intention is to encourage the keeping
of healthcare service costs down".

Ngalwana said the legislature "could not at the same time have intended to
nullify the policy framework so carefully crafted to keep healthcare service
costs down, by quirkly permitting healthcare service providers to charge
whatever fee they please in terms of their own tariff schedule and without
regard to the scheme's tariff for PMBs".

Ngalwana concluded that the paediatrician only had the right to bill Gems for
the care of the twin babies at NHRPL plus 4.9 percent as provided in the
scheme's rules.

Ngalwana also denied the paediatrician's alternative request for the member to
be liable for his bill, saying the regulations under the Medical Schemes Act
state clearly that a member can only be liable for out-of-pocket payments for
PMB services if the member voluntarily obtained those services from a
non-designated service provider.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 24, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Fraudsters eat into hefty chunk of the healthcare services you should be
getting;
The fact that medical schemes pay out R6 billion a year to settling fraudulent
claims means that not only do you have to pay higher contributions each month
but that it also negatively affects the quality of health care that you pay for.
A' Eysha Kassiem reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1574 words


Up to 10 percent of claims paid out by medical schemes, amounting to R6 billion
a year, are fraudulent or represent an abuse of the schemes' benefits. If these
practices could be curtailed, the contributions that you as a member of a
medical scheme pay could be significantly lower.

Marius Smit, the chairman of the Board of Healthcare Funders Forensics Unit and
the head of the Discovery Group Forensic Services, says healthcare fraud and
abuse impacts on you directly - particularly as a significant portion of the
monthly premiums that you pay goes towards filling a fraudster's pocket.

Smit, a pharmacist who has tackled fraud issues in the financial services
industry for more than 10 years, spoke on medical scheme fraud at the Personal
Finance/Health Focus seminar recently.

He says that fraud occurs when a person wilfully deceives a medical scheme. One
can't "accidentally" commit fraud, but people who interact with schemes
sometimes abuse them or are guilty of unethical conduct.

Abuse includes cases where, for example, a doctor will overservice a member by
sending the member for unnecessary tests. It can be difficult to prove the
intent to defraud or abuse the scheme in these cases.

An example of unethical conduct includes hospitals that demand that companies
providing them with medical devices inflate their prices and pay kickbacks to
the hospitals. The inflated costs of the devices are passed on to the medical
schemes.

"It is difficult to prove intent because it includes aspects like
'overservicing' while ethical standards do not equal legal standards and
includes aspects like 'kickbacks' and 'rebates'," Smit says. For example, he
says, doctors may have perverse arrangements with hospitals that are not
necessarily lawful but are unethical.

Such unethical practices also pose a threat to the long-term sustainability of
the private health care sector, Smit warns.

A recent report by the Ethics Institute of South Africa revealed that nearly two
out of every three doctors and pharmacists claim they have observed incidents of
misconduct by a colleague.

"Financial crimes in general impact on the economy far worse than violent
crimes," Smit says.

"The consumer needs to understand the effects that fraud has on the premiums
he/she is paying every month (because) he/she is paying for someone else's
fraud. You're the one actually paying for it," he says.

Fraud is a "non-emotional crime" and is "very passive" in that people are more
inclined to commit it because they do not see the victim as an individual but
think of the victim as simply being "a big building in Cape Town".

"We need to put a face to the victim. And the victim is the man on the street,"
he says.

HOW fraud AFFECTS YOU

Smit adds that the report by Ethics Institute revealed that nearly two thirds of
the respondents claimed their colleagues supplemented their income by
"over-servicing" patients.

"Fraud also impacts on the quality of care which decreases because of perverse
incentives such as kickbacks," he says.

Smit used the example of a patient who visits a general practitioner (GP) for a
respiratory tract infection and the GP receives a kickback for prescribing an
antibiotic that might not be the most appropriate for treating the patient's
condition.

"Or if a hospital is getting a rebate on a particular item, that is the item
they are going to provide for you. So fraud adds significantly to that," Smit
says.

The Ethics Institute report also states that two out of five doctors believe
that their colleagues supplement their income through arrangements with private
hospitals or clinics.

Half of the respondents said that their colleagues increase charges to medical
schemes by over-servicing at least once a month.

Smit stresses that nearly three quarters of respondents said that the majority
of South African doctors are ethical in their professional conduct and it is
usually a case of the "few affecting the many" in cases of fraud.

THE PERPETRATORS

Smit says that it is not only doctors and pharmacists who commit fraud. Fraud
occurs in all sectors of the health industry.

"Everybody involved in the industry contributes to the fraud problem and often
there is collusion between one, two, or three people in the industry," he says.

Fraudulent activities can sometimes fall into a legal "grey area" that makes
their prosecution difficult. In addition, the legal system is overloaded and
weak with only about 30 percent of criminal cases actually going to trial.

Smit says the conflict between over-servicing and the quality of care opens the
door to fraud.

While you or your doctor may think that more tests and more medication mean a
thorough medical assessment, you need to consider whether you actually need
treatment or a service - often involving expensive scans and diagnostic tests.

"Consumers always tend to think that more is better ... which may not
necessarily be the case," Smit says.

Remember, he says, that medical schemes are a third party in terms of the
interaction between you, as a scheme member and patient, and a healthcare
provider such as a doctor.

The medical scheme often gets the bill directly from the doctor or hospital
without you seeing it or being able to check it.

Also, schemes often pay on a fee-for-service basis, so you and your scheme are
billed for every service or medicine or material used even though you are not in
a position to check these. For example, after being hospitalised it will be
difficult for you to check how much medication you were given or the services
you were billed for as they are often written in a complex and coded way.

TYPES OF FRAUD

Smit says examples of medical scheme fraud include:

u Claiming for medical services not rendered. For example, a pharmacist will let
you take your medicine without making the co-payment you are required to make,
and will then add an item to your medical scheme claim to cover this co-payment;

u Merchandising. Some people buy items on their medical scheme card that have
nothing to do with the scheme. This includes buying items at pharmacies such as
nappies, and baby milk powder. Smit says there have even been cases where
medical scheme cards were used to buy car tyres and drivers' licences.

u ATM scams. In this instance, medical scheme members go to the doctor or
pharmacist who then puts in a fraudulent claim and issues the member with cash;

u Claiming for benefits that are not covered by the member's medical scheme
option such as when members claim for cosmetic surgery that is not covered by
their scheme;

u Claiming for people who are not members of a scheme. The member gives his/her
card to another person who pretends to be the member in order to be treated by a
healthcare provider at the scheme's expense;

u Code gaming (upcoding/ unbundling). A healthcare provider will bill you for a
procedure using a combination of codes that will result in it receiving a
reimbursement from the medical scheme that is higher than the actual cost of the
procedure;

u Material non-disclosures (by members). This occurs when a medical scheme
member fails to disclose a pre-existing condition to avoid a waiting period
which would prevent him or her claiming for the condition for up to 12 months;

u Dual memberships. When members remain on one scheme while waiting out the
waiting periods of a new scheme. This is not allowed in terms of the Medical
Schemes Act.

u Fraudulent motivations. This is where a doctor motivates for your scheme to
pay for a procedure that is not medically necessary.

HOW TO FIGHT it

He says your scheme is a not-for-profit entity. You should not allow scheme
administrators to ignore fraud because you will be the one paying for it through
higher contributions.

Smit says you must take responsibility for "your role in the fight."

"Be an active participant in the third-party payment system. There is no law
against asking the doctor or pharmacist a question. You should know and
understand the benefits of your medical scheme that you have purchased and the
rules around that," he says.

It is important that you know and understand the dynamics of your medical scheme
and how a medical scheme works. Understanding your rights is key, he says.

Some simple checks:

Smit says always check the following about your claims:

u Always ask for a copy of the claim and ensure that only the services rendered
are in fact on the claim - remember "fee for service" creates an environment
conducive to fraud and abuse;

u Check your claim statements regularly to ensure that the claims paid
correspond to the services that you and/or your family have received,

u Keep your medical scheme card in a safe place and do not lend it to anyone. If
they are not a beneficiary, they are not entitled to benefits;

u Do not fall into the "collusion trap". If the provider of a service offers you
any service and/or items not covered by your scheme, do not accept them.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse;

u Should your scheme require a co-payment or levy on any service and/or item and
the provider of the service claims that he will make a "plan", do not accept it,
as this will only be recouped from the scheme in some other way;

u Medical scheme benefits should not be seen as a target that must be reached
every year.

For example, if it comes to the end of the year and you still have dental or
optical benefits available, it does not mean you have to use them if it is not
necessary to do so; and

u Do not try and get at least as much benefit as your monthly premium allows.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

S'pore's huge trade with Indonesia calls for bilateral guarantee scheme

                                 March 29, 1998


Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong indicated during a press conference in Thailand on
Thursday that Singapore would be starting a bilateral trade-finance guarantee
scheme with Indonesia, instead of the multilateral scheme he had proposed last
month to a number of industrialised countries. We produce below excerpts of the
press conference:

Q: CAN you give an update on Singapore's multilateral trade financing proposal?

A: Singapore decided on the guarantee scheme because we are not a food-producing
country and are not in a position to give food aid. So our emphasis is on
helping Indonesia by getting trade flowing again.

We suggested the multilateral trade financing scheme. But the G7 countries at
the same time have also formulated their own bilateral schemes.

The United States and the European countries have their own export credit
schemes. They don't quite see the need at this stage for a multilateral scheme.

We, therefore, have not been able to get the scheme going.

I haven't received all the replies yet, but my reading is that the G7 countries
prefer to go on their own.

Without the G7 countries, we can't operate a multilateral scheme.

The Indonesians have asked us whether we would consider starting our own scheme.

We've thought this over and decided to launch a bilateral scheme. We will study
the experience of the G7 countries, and the Australian scheme as well, and
formulate our own bilateral scheme.

The details are being looked at. I expect to be in a position to announce the
scheme either early next week or later this week.

But in principle we have agreed to launch a bilateral scheme for Indonesia,
using part of the funds we have pledged to the International Monetary Fund.

Q: What is the expected magnitude?

A: It will depend on the exports from Singapore, and the imports from Indonesia.

For the scheme to be successful, it will need a minimum of US$ 2 billion. It may
be even more, because our trade with Indonesia is huge.

Q: Are you likely to announce it before leaving for the Asia-Europe meeting in
London on Tuesday?

A: It depends on whether we can thrash it out sufficiently by then.

We have no experience in running such a bilateral scheme. It's not going to be a
small scheme; it's going to cover a large proportion of our trade. We have to
make sure the rules can be implemented clearly to prevent possible fraud.

We need time to study, so I will not know at this stage when I can announce it
formally.

We will build some flexibility into the bilateral scheme, to enable it to be
expanded into a multilateral scheme, if others are interested in participating
later on.

Q: Will Singapore banks be involved?

A: Yes, Singapore banks will be consulted, and they will be participants.

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 463 words

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PM On Going It Alone -Prime Minister Goh explains why Singapore has
decided to go it alone on the Indonesian trade financing proposal. (Page 4);
Getting trade flowing is the aim, said PM Goh. (Page 5)

                 Copyright 1998 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              675 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 April 9, 1997

Restaurateur's pensions switch runs into trouble;Roux told to face taxman

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 541 words


ONE of Britain's best-known restaurateurs and his wife could face an estimated
£400,000 bill after a High Court judge yesterday ruled the Inland Revenue was
entitled to penalise them over a tax avoidance scheme.

Michel Roux accused the Inland Revenue of acting unfairly and unlawfully.

It decided to impose a hefty penalty after he opted for a new occupational
pension scheme in July 1995, transferring around £900,000 out of the old pension
scheme he shared with his wife, Robyn.

The old scheme, dating back to 1988 and which had contained around £1.3m for the
benefit of Mr and Mrs Roux before the change, lost its official approval and
exemption from tax and was assessed for tax at the rate of 40%.

Lawyers for Mr Roux, who owns the Waterside Inn at Bray, near Maidenhead,
Berkshire, which has three Michelin stars, accused the Inland Revenue of "over
-reacting" to what in effect was a legitimate new scheme to avoid Mr Roux having
to "throw away" capital on purchasing an annuity to provide a pension.

Rejecting his application for judicial review, Mr Justice Tucker said: "This was
a tax avoidance scheme involving the use of the old approved scheme in order to
achieve that purpose. Whether the tax avoidance scheme worked or not, the
Revenue were justified in withdrawing approval for the old scheme."

Mr and Mrs Roux could face a tax bill of about £400,000 if the special
commissioners on income tax uphold the claims against them, although they will
appeal against yesterday's decision.

A tax specialist working for the Rouxs maintained that what the judge was saying
was that, although Mr Roux had no money left in the old scheme, as it had been
transferred to the new Guernsey-based trust, the old scheme had to pay this tax
bill.

Welcoming the court's ruling, Mr John Hinton, assistant director of the Inland
Revenue's savings and investment division, said: "The judgment vindicates the
action we took on this.

"We would seek to take similar action whenever tax avoidance is found on pension
schemes."

Giving judgment, Mr Justice Tucker said the Roux Waterside Inn Retirement
Benefit Scheme, of which Mr and Mrs Roux were the only beneficiaries, carried
considerable tax advantages as an approved scheme.

However, the "down-side" of approved schemes was that the funds had to be used
to buy an annuity which would provide the pensions. Loss of official approval
meant having to pay a 40% charge on fund assets.

Market conditions had made annuity purchases "economically unattractive" to
contributors, so it was decided in 1995 to transfer £900,000 from the old Roux
scheme to the new trust.

A cheque made payable to the new scheme was received from Scottish Amicable,
administrators of the old scheme, on the same day in August 1995 that steps were
taken to ensure the new scheme ceased to be a scheme capable of obtaining
official approval.

It was hoped that by losing approval in that way the new scheme would not become
liable to the tax charge, as section 591B of the 1988 Income and Corporation
Taxes Act stipulated that the charge should be based on 40% of the asset value
of the scheme "immediately before the date" that the scheme ceased to be
approved.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Michel Roux: plans appeal.

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1997 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              676 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                             May 21, 1994, Saturday

Knowledge means pension power

BYLINE: Liz Dolan

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 788 words


Liz Dolan on essential advice that explains the choices for opt-outs and
transfers from company schemes

The Securities and Investments Board this week published two guides for people
considering transfers, or opt-outs, from company pension schemes. They were
promptly criticised by the Labour Party for not mentioning the attractive
commissions paid to sales staff who recommend personal pension plans, but
nonetheless contain plenty of helpful and jargon-free information.

Their publication was prompted in part by revelations a few months ago that
hundreds of thousands of people probably had been wrongly advised to leave
occupational schemes in favour of personal plans. The targeting by some pensions
companies of nurses, teachers, miners and other members of generous government
schemes caused particular concern.

Both booklets, Pensions Opt Outs A Check List and Pension Transfers A Check
List, offer general advice about the subject and include a list of questions
that must be answered by advisers, plus a list of technical terms.  Those
considering an opt-out are told in no uncertain terms that they are almost
certainly better off in a company scheme.

Technical terms include:

Annuity: An income, usually paid monthly, out of a non-returnable lump sum.
Personal pension holders buy an annuity with their retirement fund. They are
free to buy the annuity with the company of their choice.

Annuity rates: These determine the amount of income that will be paid in
retirement. They reflect prevailing interest rates at the time an annuity is
purchased. In general, the higher the rates, the better the annuity.

Contributory and non-contributory schemes: Both apply to occupational pension
schemes. The former is one where both employee and employer make contributions.
In the latter case, only the employer contributes.

Financial advisers: These will either be independent financial advisers (IFAs),
or agents of one particular company. Check that they are authorised to give
investment advice. Unless a fee is charged, the adviser's commission and the
company's charges are taken from the client's contributions.

Final salary occupational scheme: Also known as a defined-benefit scheme, this
bases pensions and other benefits on a) salary at, or near, retirement, or when
you leave the scheme; and b) on the number of years you have been a member.

Guaranteed increase: This means an employers's pension scheme promises to
increase the pension during retirement in line with scheme rules.

Discretionary increase: This means that the scheme may choose to increase
payment each year after retirement if there is enough money in the scheme, or if
the employer agrees to provide more.

Money purchase, or defined contribution, scheme: Under this scheme, the pension
and other benefits depend on how much money has been paid in, how much it has
grown and the annuity rates at the time of retirement. It applies to all
personal pensions and some employers' schemes.

Pension opt out: When an employee leaves an occupational scheme while still
employed by the company and takes out a personal pension plan; or when a new
employee opts for a personal pension rather than joining the company scheme.

Pension transfer: The payment of a sum of money (''transfer value'') from a
company scheme into a personal pension plan, a Section 32 buyout contract or to
a new employer's scheme. It is the amount the scheme will pay to another pension
scheme if you decide to give up your entitlement to benefits from the original
one. (The SIB omits to point out, however, that this value varies depending on
prevailing circumstances).

Personal pensions: These are for employees who are not part of an employer's
scheme, and for the self-employed. (See money purchase and annuity).

Section 32 buyout contract: This receives a transfer payment from an employer's
scheme. Individuals are not allowed to make personal contributions. The eventual
pension is dependent on the same factors as personal pension plans.

Individual booklets are available free from: Pension Factsheets, SIB, Gavrelle
House, 2-14 Bunhill Row, London EC1Y 8RA, enclosing an stamped addressed
envelope, 9in X 7in.

WHAT THE ADVISER SHOULD SAY

Has your adviser:

Explained that opting out almost certainly means lower benefits?

Pointed out that you take the investment risk with a personal pension plan
while, in most occupational plans, the employer takes the risk?

Said you should avoid personal plans if you cannot pay contributions for a
number of years?

Advised you to discuss your pension decisions with your spouse or partner? He or
she could be affected.

Explained the reasons for his or her advice in writing?

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Times Newspapers Limited


                              677 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                November 3, 1992

MAXWELL PENSION AID RUNNING OUT;
Industry calls for compulsory compensation scheme

BYLINE: MARGARET HUGHES AND

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN CITY PAGE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 593 words


THE Government's emergency "drip feed" fund for Maxwell pensioners is set to run
out by March next year unless Whitehall tops it up, trustees to the pension
funds warned yesteray.

At the same time Maxwell pensioner's groups said that they would hold a mass
lobby of Parliament tomorrow, the eve of the anniversary of Robert Maxwell's
death, and the main pensions industry trade body called for a compulsory
compensation scheme to prevent such crises in the future.

Clay & Partners, who were appointed trustees of the AGB Pension Scheme in
December 1991, yesterday disclosed that significant calls have been made on the
Government's pounds 2.5 million emergency fund by other Maxwell-related pension
schemes "and it is likely that all the money will have been used within the
first three months of next year."

"No commitment has been made by the Government to top up the emergency fund, so
it is not possible to guarantee the continued payment of these pensions."

But the trustees added that Sir John Cuckney's "conscience money" fund, the
Maxwell Pensioners Trust, has already raised pounds 6 million from City and
other sources. Clay & Partners hope this fund will be used to supplement the
emergency fund if necessary.

The Council of the National Association of Pensions Funds (NAPF), whose members
run the bulk of pension schemes in this country, called for a compulsory
compensation scheme.

Announcing this proposal yesterday, Brian MacMahon, chairman of the NAPF
Council, said that the Maxwell pensions scandal proved that, however regulated
company pension schemes may be, there is still the chance that pensions may fail
to be paid.

"Once this possibility exists there can be no peace of mind for pensioners. The
NAPF Council considers this to be an intolerable situation," he stressed.

It therefore believes that a statutory compensation scheme should be set up to
cover all members of approved company schemes. Its discussion paper published
yesterday proposes that membership would be obligatory on all schemes, the only
exception being certain public sector schemes where the benefits are already
guaranteed by statute.

The compensation scheme would be funded by the pension schemes, with
contributions being risk-related according to the level of solvency of each.
The NAPF argues that this would avoid "unreasonable cross subsidy between 'good'
and 'bad' schemes, with proper recognition given to the good practice and
security of well-run pension schemes."

The schemes should be administered by an independent statutory agency which
would collect contributions, meet claims and recover any monies. The
compensation scheme would meet the promised pension benefits, up to a prescribed
level, which would be paid out to members irrespective of the reason for the
shortfall in their benefits. But there would be no compensation for
disappointing investment returns by money purchase schemes.

To avoid hardship to pensioners, any shortfall would be made good by the
compensation scheme when the employing company goes into liquidation. The
schemes would then be responsible for pursuing other sources to make good the
shortfall. This would include the investors' compensation scheme operated under
the Financial Services Act, which the NAPF wants extended to members of company
pension schemes.

After further consultation with its members, the NAPF will submit its final
proposals for a compensation scheme to the Goode Committee, which is reviewing
pension law, by the middle of next month.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              678 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 20, 1989 Friday
                                  Late Edition

REVAMP OF THE COMMONWEALTH SUPER SCHEME FOR 'NEW LOOK' PS

BYLINE: TIM DODD

SECTION: MANAGEMENT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 1072 words


The Federal Government has announced a major revamp of the huge 330,000 member
Commonwealth superannuation scheme in a move which acknowledges that the public
service is no longer regarded as a lifetime career.

The changes, to be effective on July 1 1990, reflect the Government's
realisation that the present scheme, which has been in place since 1976, is
quite inappropriate for the "new look" public service which has been wrought by
the changes in employment patterns in the 1980s.

The current scheme is an anachronism in an era which has seen growth in
employment for part-timers and women, as well as changes in career patterns
which have increased the mobility between the private and public sectors.

The last decade has seen the end of the notion that the public service provides
a life-long job after which the public servant retires and picks up a generous
pension.

The public service career is now seen as having more in common with the private
sector equivalent, an idea which has been encouraged by the Federal Government
which has put emphasis on the importance of management and entrepreneurial
skills for its employees in recent years.

The Government has also had to compete far more with the private sector for
staff as the widening salary differential between the public and private sectors
has prompted an exodus of talented public servants to private enterprise.

This series of changes has turned the present superannuation scheme into a
dinosaur no longer appropriate to the public service.

Officials say the scheme is inequitable and makes access for all but permanent
employees difficult, if not impossible.

Some 15 per cent of public servants are now excluded from membership by these
requirements.

It caters particularly badly for women who tend to have interrupted career
patterns, or periods of part-time work, because of child bearing and having a
family.

Secondly, because the present scheme does not recognise the new mobility in the
public sector workforce, it does not allow employees to carry with them the
employer contributions to their superannuation when they resign.

As a result, it is calculated that 70 per cent of the present members of the
scheme will not benefit from it other than the interest paid on their own
contributions because they will resign before retirement.

Thirdly, the present scheme is very inflexible, taking an obligatory 5 per cent
of an employee's salary in contributions. In return, it only gives pensions on
retirement, which while relatively generous, do not entice potential workers to
join the public service as Australians have a proven preference for lump sums.

The Government expects the reforms which have been high on the agenda of
Minister for Finance, Senator Walsh, to make the public service more attractive
to potential employees and remove one of the barriers which discourage private
sector staff from moving to the public sector.

It will offer benefits, either in lump sum or pension form, based on the
percentage of one's income which has been contributed over the period of
employment. Employees can choose to invest between 2 and 10 per cent, and this
percentage can be varied.

This feature would, for example, allow women who are working part-time and
bringing up children to invest less for that period and then catch up with
higher contributions later.

The new scheme also offers the choice of a pension or a lump sum benefit for
retirees, which puts public servants on a par with the rest of the workforce in
this area.

But, in line with the encouragement the Government has given to privately funded
pensions in order to alleviate the growing burden of aged pension costs, the new
scheme's pension is about 25 per cent above what could be bought on the market
with the lump sum entitlement.

Membership of the new scheme is compulsory for full-time and part-time employees
and casuals can join after completing three months employment over a period of
two years.

The new scheme will conform with the occupational superannuation standards which
now apply to private sector schemes and will have full vesting so that employer
contributions are tied to the employee even after resignation, and also have
preservation, so that these contributions cannot be accessed until retirement.

All new public service employees will be required to join the new scheme, but
members of the existing scheme will be given the option of remaining with it.

The Government expects 70 per cent of existing employees to opt for the new
scheme, as it provides better benefits, and more options, especially to younger
employees whose career plan will typically involve a shift out of the public
service at some point in their career. However, older employees may find that
they are better off staying with the old scheme.

But in most cases the benefits offered by the new and old scheme are roughly on
par.

The Government expects the new scheme to be essentially cost neutral even though
it is going to vest the employer contribution with resigning employees

The cost of this will be partly offset by a crackdown on the staggering
invalidity rate in the existing scheme.

Invalidity claims in the public service run an estimated five to 10 times higher
than equivalent claims in the private sector and the Government plans a
crackdown on false claims.

A tighter invalidity standard will be adopted and the power to determine
invalidity will be taken out of the hands of heads of departments and given to
the trustees of the new scheme.

Another offsetting factor is a reduction in old age pension payments which will
flow from better retirement provision for scheme members and higher tax payments
on scheme benefits.

A report commissioned by the Government from the actuarial firm, TPF&C, says
that "to the degree of accuracy that is possible ... the expected net long-term
costs for existing members of the (present) scheme after implementation of the
proposed changes are equivalent to the expected net long term costs of the
existing scheme".

For future public servants who join the new scheme, the Government expects to
gain a long term saving of 2.5 per cent compared to the existing scheme.

Shortly after the new scheme comes into operation, the membership of the current
scheme will be cut by about 120,000 when Australia Post, Telecom, OTC and the
Commonwealth Serum Laboratories depart and establish their own schemes in
accordance with guidelines released by the Government earlier this week.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: Senator WALSH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Motorists facing benefit cuts;
Workplace

BYLINE: Anna Patty

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 565 words


Benefits to injured motorists will be slashed under proposed changes to the NSW
Green Slip scheme that lawyers warn are potentially harsher than controversial
changes the state government made to the workers compensation scheme.

The NSW scheme is moving from an at-fault scheme towards a partly no-fault
scheme which is similar to the one operating in Victoria, Tasmania, Northern
Territory and New Zealand.

Law Society of NSW president Gary Ulman said the new Compulsory Third Party
scheme would be similar to the workers compensation scheme and reduce benefits
for up to 95 per cent of injured motorists in NSW.

"To pay for the government's CTP scheme, even people with severe injuries which
stop them from doing their jobs will be forced to rely on welfare or family when
their benefits are cut off after five years," he said.

NSW Bar Association president Noel Hutley, SC, said it was "deeply concerned
that the government is heading towards a workers compensation-style scheme".

"Under that system 90 per cent of the injured, including many with serious
injuries, receive limited statutory benefits and have minimal access to legal
representation. That leaves them to deal on their own with powerful insurance
companies whose major priority is profit, not the best interests of the injured.

"The largest flaw in the proposed new scheme is the assumption that there are
only two categories of injury - 'low severity' and 'the most seriously injured'.
There is in fact a wide group in between - moderate severity injury. It is this
group that are being punished," Mr Hutley said.

The NSW government released a plan on Wednesday to overhaul the CTP motor
accident insurance scheme to make premiums more affordable. The plan is yet to
be approved by Parliament and follows former Liberal minister Greg Pearce's
failed attempt to reform the CTP scheme in recent years.

The new proposal includes the introduction of defined benefits for less-serious
injuries including whiplash, with lump-sum compensation still available for the
most seriously injured motorists.

A "no-fault" compensation scheme would replace the existing "at-fault" scheme.
In Victoria, which has a completely no-fault CTP scheme, significantly more is
paid to injured people within the first two years after injury than has been the
case under the existing NSW scheme.

Proponents of no-fault schemes argued they provide simpler, faster and more
predictable paths for compensation.

Minister for Innovation and Better Regulation Victor Dominello said NSW had the
least affordable motor accident insurance scheme in the country, with Sydney
passenger vehicle owners paying $537 to $886 for their Green Slip.

"A surge in low-severity claims, for injuries such as whiplash and soft-tissue
damage, is putting significant pressure on Green Slip premiums. Without reform,
premiums are expected to rise a further 10 to 20 per cent in coming years," he
said.

"The current scheme returns just 45Â¢ in every Green Slip dollar to injured road
users, with the rest going to pay for scheme costs, including insurer profits,
legal fees and medical fees. This is simply not sustainable."

Mr Dominello said the proposed no-fault scheme would focus on rehabilitation
instead of lump-sum settlements. He said a much higher proportion of premiums
would be spent on injured motorists, most of whom could expect a substantial
reduction in Green Slip premiums.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: NSW Law Society president Gary Ulman says the new scheme would
hit motorists. Photo: Jessica Hromas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Motorists facing benefit cuts;
Workplace

BYLINE: Anna Patty

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 565  words


Benefits to injured motorists will be slashed under proposed changes to the NSW
Green Slip scheme that lawyers warn are potentially harsher than controversial
changes the state government made to the workers compensation scheme.

The NSW scheme is moving from an at-fault scheme towards a partly no-fault
scheme which is similar to the one operating in Victoria, Tasmania, Northern
Territory and New Zealand.

Law Society of NSW president Gary Ulman said the new Compulsory Third Party
scheme would be similar to the workers compensation scheme and reduce benefits
for up to 95 per cent of injured motorists in NSW.

"To pay for the government's CTP scheme, even people with severe injuries which
stop them from doing their jobs will be forced to rely on welfare or family when
their benefits are cut off after five years," he said.

NSW Bar Association president Noel Hutley, SC, said it was "deeply concerned
that the government is heading towards a workers compensation-style scheme".

"Under that system 90 per cent of the injured, including many with serious
injuries, receive limited statutory benefits and have minimal access to legal
representation. That leaves them to deal on their own with powerful insurance
companies whose major priority is profit, not the best interests of the injured.

"The largest flaw in the proposed new scheme is the assumption that there are
only two categories of injury - 'low severity' and 'the most seriously injured'.
There is in fact a wide group in between - moderate severity injury. It is this
group that are being punished," Mr Hutley said.

The NSW government released a plan on Wednesday to overhaul the CTP motor
accident insurance scheme to make premiums more affordable. The plan is yet to
be approved by Parliament and follows former Liberal minister Greg Pearce's
failed attempt to reform the CTP scheme in recent years.

The new proposal includes the introduction of defined benefits for less-serious
injuries including whiplash, with lump-sum compensation still available for the
most seriously injured motorists.

A "no-fault" compensation scheme would replace the existing "at-fault" scheme.
In Victoria, which has a completely no-fault CTP scheme, significantly more is
paid to injured people within the first two years after injury than has been the
case under the existing NSW scheme.

Proponents of no-fault schemes argued they provide simpler, faster and more
predictable paths for compensation.

Minister for Innovation and Better Regulation Victor Dominello said NSW had the
least affordable motor accident insurance scheme in the country, with Sydney
passenger vehicle owners paying $537 to $886 for their Green Slip.

"A surge in low-severity claims, for injuries such as whiplash and soft-tissue
damage, is putting significant pressure on Green Slip premiums. Without reform,
premiums are expected to rise a further 10 to 20 per cent in coming years," he
said.

"The current scheme returns just 45Â¢ in every Green Slip dollar to injured road
users, with the rest going to pay for scheme costs, including insurer profits,
legal fees and medical fees. This is simply not sustainable."

Mr Dominello said the proposed no-fault scheme would focus on rehabilitation
instead of lump-sum settlements. He said a much higher proportion of premiums
would be spent on injured motorists, most of whom could expect a substantial
reduction in Green Slip premiums.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: NSW Law Society president Gary Ulman says the new scheme would
hit motorists. Photo: Jessica Hromas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            February 13, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Who should be enforcing the building scheme?

BYLINE: Tony Gioventu, The Province

SECTION: SUNDAY HOMES; Condo Smarts; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 713  words


Dear Condo Smarts: We live in a large bare-land development in the Okanagan
Valley that is all one strata, but has been phased in over a couple of years.
Each buyer has dealt with the developer when he or she built a home, or
contracted the developer to build the home for them, and so far everything has
proceeded smoothly. Now we've come to a bit of an impasse with the strata
council. The developer has sold all of his units, no longer has an interest in
the strata corporation as an owner, and has stopped dealing with property owners
who have not yet built a home. In his opinion: "I've sold my units, so I'm done
with the development. It's all up to the strata council now."

So here's our dilemma: The council agrees the building scheme is beneficial, but
we sought some advice on how to enforce it, and discovered that it really isn't
within the authority to enforce the restrictions placed on property development.
Council's authority is limited to the Strata Act and any bylaws that are
registered. The developer said that because it's in the disclosure, we must
enforce it. Could you help clarify this relationship for us?

Bryan G.

Dear Bryan: A building scheme is a covenant imposed by the developer on the
lands within the development, and is binding on all the owners of that land. The
building scheme is filed on each title, binding each property to the conditions
and limitations set out in the scheme. The building scheme can set out height
restrictions, floor space ratio to lot size, design, and protection of green
space barriers or landscaping requirements to preserve the integrity of the
development and your neighbour's rights.

Before buying into a bare-land strata, buyers should always search a title to
investigate whether there is a building scheme in place and how it will apply to
their future use. While the collective interest of the strata corporation may be
important in preserving the building scheme, whether or not a strata council
supports or enforces the building scheme is often the contentious issue. The
most common question I receive on building schemes is: "Who enforces it?"

While the owner developer is still in an active relationship with the strata
corporation they often enforce the scheme, or if all the lots are sold, you as
owners are still engaged in this covenant (the building scheme) upon which you
bought, and may collectively or individually enforce the scheme.

There is no clear transition in the Strata Property Act or the Real Estate
Development Marketing Act that defines the duty to apply the building scheme
once the developer is no longer engaged with the strata, because the scheme is
in the name of the developer, not the strata corporation. However, the duty to
comply still rests with the developer and each property owner bound by the
building scheme and his or her neighbours.

In the event an owner is in violation of the building scheme, either the
developer, potentially the strata corporation by ¾ vote, or any owner(s) may
seek a court decision to have the building scheme enforced. What must be
included in the disclosure statement is what the developer intends to provide or
restrict in his or her relationship with buyers, and does not necessarily bind
the strata corporation unless those agreements are with the strata corporation.
For example, service contracts, bylaws filed in the land registry, or a rental
disclosure statement.

One of the positive scenarios that we encounter is where the building scheme has
also been filed by the owner developer as a bylaw or the strata corporation has
adopted the scheme as a bylaw. While this certainly makes it easier for a strata
corporation to enforce the bylaw, what happens when the strata repeals the bylaw
(only requiring a ¾ vote) or the filed scheme is not the same as the bylaw?
Because building schemes vary so greatly, and the relationships can be
complicated, strata councils and owners should seek legal advice when a
complication arises from the application of a building scheme.

Don't forget the provincial government is conducting a public survey on
Depreciation Reports and Audits. To register go to http: //
housing.gov.bc.ca/housing/strata.htm.

Tony Gioventu is executive director of the Condominium Home Owners' Association.
Email tony@ choa.bc.ca.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Eight housing schemes sealed in Sambrial

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 253

LENGTH: 386  words


The Sambrial Tehsil Municipal Administration (TMA) has sealed eight illegal
housing schemes.

Assistant Commissioner Tauqeer Ilyas Cheema, who is also Sambrial TMA
administrator, told reporters on Saturday they had sealed Peace Valley Housing
Scheme, Chenab Farm Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Iqbal Housing Scheme, Khalid
Avenue Housing Scheme, Abdullah Gardens Housing Scheme, Happy Valley Housing
Scheme and Airport Avenue Housing Scheme.

He said these schemes had been sealed after public complaints. He said the
managements of these housing schemes had been selling commercial and residential
plots to the people, especially overseas Pakistanis. Shockingly, as per the
official record of the TMA, the plots sold to overseas people, only existed on
papers.

Mr Cheema said the sealed housing schemes also lacked amenities likes gas,
electricity, road infrastructure, parks, schools, mosques and graveyards. Most
importantly, these schemes also had not got any no-objection report from the
TMA.

The same housing scheme frauds have been detected in Daska where the TMA got
registered cases against the owners of eight housing schemes and its
surroundings for violations of the maps approved by the TMA.

According to officials, some of these private housing schemes had also got their
maps passed by the TMA.

Daska City police registered these cases under section 141 of the Local
Government Ordinance of 2001 on the reports of enforcement inspectors.

Those facing cases are: Muhammad Ayub, Qari Zulfiqar Ali, Abdul Rauf, Wajid
Ameer Lodhi, Shaukat Mehmood Sahi, Yousaf Jamal, Farooq Zafar and Zafar Mehmood.

FIA: The Federal Investigation Agency sealed two illegal money exchanges in
Sialkot and Sambrial on Saturday.

FIA Deputy Director Khalid Anees said FIA teams had arrested owners Shahid
Mehmood and Muhammad Afzal and recovered national and foreign bills from them.

WALK: A large number of people participated in an awareness raising walk
arranged by Rescue 1122 in the Sialkot city to commemorate the International
First Aid Day. Emergency Officer Naveed Iqbal led the walk.

Participants carrying banners and placards pledged to raise public awareness on
road safety.

Emergency Officer Naveed Iqbal announced that rescuers would give the basic life
support training to the people while going street to street in Sialkot city now.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Top-performing equity funds made big money on these stocks. Why can't you?

BYLINE: Kshitij Anand

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 937 words


NEW DELHI: Retail investors are taking the safe route and putting money into the
equity market through the mutual fund route in a big way.

Strong investment flows to equity and short-maturity debt funds has lifted the
average assets under management (AUM) of the Indian mutual fund industry in the
quarter ended June 30 to a new record and above the Rs 14 lakh crore mark for
the first time, Amfi data showed.

At Rs 14.41 lakh crore, the average AUM beat the previous high of Rs 13.53 lakh
crore logged in the previous quarter, which is 6.47 per cent or Rs 875.83 crore
higher and also a record in terms of absolute gain over the same quarter a year
ago. However, gilt and long maturity debt funds saw a drop in assets.

On their part, the fund houses are leaving no stone unturned to grow wealth for
their investors and largecap stocks such as HDFC Bank, SBI, Infosys, ICICI Bank,
HDFC, L&T, ITC seem to be the stocks that figure among the large holdings of top
10 fund houses, according to data collated by ETMarkets.com.

ETMarkets.com collated a list of top five holdings of equity schemes of top 10
best performing fund houses. The selection is based on maximum AUM:

ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund

One of the top performing schemes is ICICI Prudential Focused Blue Chip Equity
Fund with over 20 per cent annualised return in the past three years.

The fund's investment strategy is to invest in 20 large cap companies from the
top 200 stocks listed on the NSE on the basis of market capitalisation. The
current AUM is Rs 11,126 crore.

HDFC Mutual Fund

One of the top performing schemes of HDFC Mutual Fund is HDFC Top 200 Fund,
which has a total AUM of Rs 12,410 crore. The scheme has given an annualised
return of 17 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme seeks capital appreciation and would invest up to 90 per cent in
equity and the remaining in debt instruments. The stocks would be drawn from the
companies in the BSE 200 Index as well as 200 largest capitalised companies in
India.

Reliance Mutual Fund

One of the top performing schemes of Reliance Mutual Fund is Reliance Top 200
Fund, which has a total AUM of Rs 2,136 crore. The scheme has given an
annualized return of 22 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme will invest in equity or equity related instruments of companies
whose market capitalisation is within the range of highest and lowest market-cap
of the BSE200 index.

Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund is Birla
Sun Life Top 100 Fund which has a total AUM of Rs 2,026 crore. The scheme has
given an annualized return of 21 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme seeks to provide medium to long-term capital appreciation, by
investing predominantly in a diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related
securities of top 100 companies as measured by market capitalization.

SBI Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of SBI Mutual Fund is SBI Arbitrage
Opportunities Fund which has a total AUM of Rs 1,109 crore. The scheme has given
an annualized return of 8 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme will invest 65 to 85 per cent of its assets in equities and equity
derivatives and the rest in debt and money market instruments. It will invest in
stocks and would offset its investment in stocks by simultaneous equivalent
investment in equity derivatives.

UTI Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of UTI Mutual Fund is UTI Wealth
Builder Fund, which has a total AUM of Rs 391 crore. The scheme has given an
annualized return of 10.42 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments
in a diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related instruments along with
Gold ETFs and debt/money market instruments.

Franklin Templeton Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of Franklin Templeton Mutual Fund is
Templeton India Growth Fund which has a total AUM of Rs 487 crore. The scheme
has given an annualized return of 17 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation through investment
primarily in equities and some portion in debt securities.

Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund is
Templeton India Growth Fund, which has a total AUM of Rs 1,301 crore. The scheme
has given an annualized return of 19 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme seeks capital appreciation, through investments in equities. The fund
portfolio would generally comprise of around 50 companies which may go up to 59
companies.

IDFC Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of IDFC Mutual Fund is IDFC Arbitrage
Fund which has a total AUM of Rs 2,457 crore. The scheme has given an annualized
return of 8.5 per cent in the last three years.

The scheme aims to generate capital appreciation and income by predominantly
investing in arbitrage opportunities in the cash and the derivative segments of
the equity markets and the arbitrage opportunities available within the
derivative segment and by investing the balance in debt and money market
instruments.

DSP BlackRock Mutual Fund

One of the top performing equity schemes of DSP BlackRock Mutual Fund is DSP
BlackRock Micro Cap Fund which has a total AUM of Rs 2,776 crore. The scheme has
given an annualized return of 48 per cent in the last three years.

The aim of the fund is to seek long-term capital appreciation by investing in a
portfolio that is substantially constitutes of stocks that are not part of the
top 300 companies by market capitalisation.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Budget sets priorities for government spending

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, March 30 -- Budget 2016-17 has introduced a new classification system
for the Centre's spending, according the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural
Employment Guarantee Scheme the highest priority by deeming it 'Core of the
Core'.


 The new system divides Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS) into three categories:
Core of the Core, Core, and Optional Schemes. This system is based on the
recommendations of a sub-committee of chief ministers formed by Niti Aayog for
the rationalisation of the CSS.
 "For effective outcome based monitoring of implementation of the programmes and
schemes and to ensure optimum utilisation of resources, an exercise to
rationalise Plan and Non-Plan schemes of all Ministries and Departments had been
undertaken," a Plan Outlay document tabled in Parliament along with the Budget
said. "The existing programmes and schemes have been re-organised into
outcome-based Umbrella programmes and schemes to avoid thin spread of
resources."
 This system has been put in place as a run-up to the next financial year, when
the Plan/Non-Plan distinction in government expenditure will be done away with.
 As per the new system, the Core of the Core schemes will retain their
expenditure allocation framework. For example, MGNREGA had 75 per cent of the
material expenditure from the Centre and 25 per cent from the states.
 The Core schemes will have a 60:40 formula, while the Optional schemes will
have a 50:50 formula, with the states having the flexibility to decide whether
to invest in these or not.
 "This new classification system is meaningless," M Govinda Rao, Professor
Emeritus at the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy said. "You
cannot have 30-odd specific-purpose transfers (where central funds are
transferred for a specific use) without any standard of outcomes. The new system
does not address this issue of linking expenditure to outcomes, it simply
re-classifies the expenditure."
 Under the new classification, eight schemes will be classified as Core of the
Core. including MGNREGA and all the umbrella schemes for the upliftment of
minorities, Scheduled Castes, and Scheduled Tribes.
 The Core schemes, 33 in number, include schemes as far-ranging as the Krishi
Unnati Yojana, the Smart Cities programme, and the modernisation of the police
force.
 "It is a good move. The classification is trying to segregate the schemes by
importance," Rajiv Kumar, senior fellow at the Centre for Policy Research told
The Hindu."The state governments were earlier taking their own decisions
regarding many of these schemes. Now the Centre has said that some are important
schemes and the states can take their own decisions regarding the others."
 "Till 2014-15, out of 66 CSS, almost 86 per cent of the Central assistance was
accounted for by only 17 schemes (known as 'Flagship Schemes' on account of
their size and scale). The balance 49 schemes received low budgetary
allocations," the report by the Niti Aayog sub-committee found.
 "However, since even in the low-budget schemes, some Central assistance was
available; the States therefore felt compelled to implement them all, so as to
avail of matching assistance," the report added.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      November 27, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Overwhelming Response Received from Retail Investors for SGB; 63,000
Applications Received for Total of Rs 246.20 Crore by Banks, Post Offices for
917 kgs of Gold; Number of Decisions Taken to Improve Reach of GMS

LENGTH: 710  words


Nov. 27 -- The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had launched three Gold related
Schemes i.e. Sovereign Gold Bond Scheme (SGB), Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS)
and Indian Gold Coins and Bullions on 5th November, 2015. There has been a mixed
response to these schemes from the public. The status of two of the schemes
implemented by Department of Economic Affairs (DEA), Ministry of Finance is as
follows:-

Sovereign Gold Bond Scheme (SGB):

The main objectives of the scheme is to reduce the demand for physical gold and
shift a part of the gold imported every year for investment purposes into
financial savings through Gold Bonds.

The first tranche of SGB was issued on behalf of the Government of India by RBI
at the branches of scheduled commercial banks and designated post offices
through its e-kuber system from 5th November, 2015 to 20th November, 2015. More
tranches will be issued during the financial year 2015-16.

This scheme saw an overwhelming response from the investors throughout the
country and initial figures show that about 63,000 applications were received
for a total of Rs 246.20 crore by the Banks and Post Offices for 917 kgs of
gold.

It may be noted that this overwhelming response has been received from the
retail investors who are the focus of this scheme. The positive response to this
new and innovative saving instrument has elicited response from across the
country and it is expected that subsequent tranches will continue to receive
such enthusiastic response.

Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS):

The Gold Monetization Scheme (GMS) provides different options to the people to
monetize the gold. The idea is to mobilize the gold held by households and
institutions in the country and putting this gold into productive use. The
scheme aims to reduce the country's reliance on the import of gold to meet the
domestic demand.

Presently there are 33 Collection and Purity Testing Centres (CPTCs) and 5
refiners that have been notified in the scheme. This had resulted into signing
of limited number of tripartite agreements among banks, CPTCs and refiners.
After the slow response to this scheme, a meeting of all the stakeholders of the
scheme was held in the Department of Economic Affairs. In the meeting, a number
of decisions were taken to improve the reach of the scheme. These decisions
include:-

* Gold depositors can give their gold directly to the refiner without involving
the Collection and Purity Testing Centres (CPTCs) where ever it is acceptable to
the Banks. This will encourage the bulk depositors like HUFs and Institutions to
participate in the scheme.

* Fees to the banks on account of testing , transport , refining and storage
services at Collection and Purity Testing Centres (CPTCs ) and refiners for
Medium and Long Term Government Deposits will be reimbursed based on the
actuals, removing such doubts in the minds of the Banks.

* A circular clarifying the tax treatment clauses on the scheme is being
published to clarify that, tax exemptions on Income Tax and Capital Gains Tax
would be available to the customers.

* BIS is expected to complete the registration of 55 numbers of Collection and
Purity Testing Centres (CPTCs) by the end of December 2015.

* BIS has published an EOI on its website inviting applications from the more
than 13,000 licensed jewellers to act as a CPTC in the scheme provided they have
tie-up with BIS's licensed refiners.

* BIS has modified the licensing condition to refiners already having NABL
accreditation from existing three years refining experience to one year refining
experience. This is likely to increase number of licensed refiners to nearly 20.

* To increase the awareness among depositors, Government will continue the
awareness campaign in the print media, social media, Radio and Television.

The above steps and the clarifications are expected to fetch a better response
from the depositors. Above two schemes are innovative schemes and these are
early days of implementation. Based on the feedback received from the
stakeholders of the schemes, Government will continuously monitor and review the
progress of the schemes at the regular intervals and make necessary
improvements, in order to increase the reach of the schemes.

Source: Press Information Bureau, Government of India

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Land pooling officer will have quasi judicial powers;
dna exclusive

BYLINE: Yuvraj Shrimal

LENGTH: 432  words


dna exclusive

A pooling scheme, however, can be withdrawn if majority of affected land owners
are against it

Jaipur: The draft of The Rajasthan Spatial Planning and Development Bill, 2015
recommends quasi judicial powers to the land pooling officer. It means he will
represent the body which has powers and procedures resembling those of a court
of law and also empowered to determine facts and draw conclusions from the
material he gets. The draft provisions such powers, which are there in its
Gujarat counterpart to which it owes its existence.

So far as the duties are concerned, the land pooling officer can "split the Land
Pooling Scheme into a Preliminary Scheme and a Final Scheme. Also after giving
notice in the prescribed manner and in the prescribed form to the persons
affected by the scheme, he is authorised to define and demarcate the areas
allotted to, or earmarked for, any public purpose, or for a purpose of the
Appropriate Authority and the final plots," the draft says.

The draft of The Rajasthan Spatial Planning and Development Bill, 2015 thus
recommends absolute powers to an urban body to pool private land and plan a
developed scheme. However, if a majority of affected land holders, protest about
the scheme then the body will withdraw the plan too.

As per the draft of the bill the Land Pooling Officer taking note of objections
given by the majority plot holders will forward a representation recommending
withdrawal of the scheme. "The state government after making such inquiry as it
may deem fit, may, if it is of opinion that it is necessary or expedient so to
do, by notification, direct that the scheme shall be withdrawn and upon such
withdrawal no further proceedings shall be taken in regard to such scheme."

At the same time the bill also provisions modification even if the scheme
reaches at the stage of implementation. The draft says, "If after the
preliminary scheme or the final scheme has come into force, the Appropriate
Authority considers that the scheme is defective on account of an error,
irregularity or informality, the Appropriate Authority may apply in writing to
the State Government for the modification of the scheme."

The draft

Draft of The Rajasthan Spatial Planning and Development Bill, 2015 thus
recommends absolute powers to an urban body to pool private land and plan a
developed scheme

However, if a majority of affected land holders, protest about the scheme then
the body will withdraw the plan too

Bill also provisions modification even if the scheme reaches the stage of
implementation

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Surface water schemes for MP

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Aug. 5 -- The Madhya Pradesh Government is now giving priority to
surface water-based group drinking water schemes' implementation in view of
depleting groundwater level. Madhya Pradesh Water Corporation constituted for
this purpose is working towards giving fillip to these schemes' implementation.

At present, national average is 47.60 per cent and State's average 26.10 per
cent with regard to supplying drinking water to rural population. In view of it,
large number of drinking water schemes need to be implemented to equal the
national average and achieving targets set for year 2022.

Keeping this target in view, Water Corporation has identified 889 villages in 19
districts for surface water-based drinking water schemes in the first phase. The
25 group drinking water schemes will cost Rs1,337.88 crore. Tenders have also
been invited for sanctioned works. Work orders have been issued for three
schemes and work is under progress. Tender process is on for remaining 22
schemes.

In the second phase, work is on for survey and DPR preparation of 33 group
drinking water schemes. Of these, DPRs of 11 schemes have been prepared and
technical sanction accorded. DPR for remaining 22 schemes are under preparation.
Apart from these, other drinking water schemes have also been identified and
work is underway for their DPRs and survey.

The Water Corporation will implement 7 group drinking water supply schemes under
Phase-2 of Bundelkhand Development Special Package. Administrative sanction has
been accorded to 4 of these schemes. Tender process is on. DPRs of remaining 3
schemes have been prepared and technical sanction accorded. Administrative
sanction will also be accorded soon.

It is noteworthy that one or another district of Bundelkhand faces drinking
water crisis during summer every year. For overcoming drinking water crisis,
1,287 drinking water schemes costing Rs100 crore have been sanctioned for 6
districts including Sagar, Chhatarpur, Panna, Tikamgarh, Damoh and Datia under
Bundelkhand Special Package. Of these, 1,103 schemes have been completed and
water supply started from 1,047 schemes. These works have cost Rs95.53 crore so
far. Work of remaining schemes is under progress. A target has been set to
complete them all by December this year.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Avoid these pitfalls when claiming for a PMB;
The prescribed minimum benefits offer you, as a member of a medical scheme,
protection from financial ruin in the event of an illness or accident - but only
if you and your doctor have a good understanding of your rights and how to
enforce them, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1453 words


Members of medical schemes are becoming more informed about the prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs), and doctors can help to facilitate PMB claims by
informing members when their condition is a PMB, but a lack of knowledge can
result in your being denied benefits to which you are entitled.

Some medical practitioners print on their accounts messages such as, "This
treatment falls within the PMBs and should be settled by your scheme in full",
but when bills remain unpaid by schemes, practitioners turn on you, the member,
saying the payment of the bill is your responsibility.

Here are some common problems you may need to navigate to receive the benefits
to which you are entitled.

1The condition that seems to be a PMB, but isn't

Members and their doctors often have an idea that a condition is a PMB, but in
the fine print it turns out that the condition is not a PMB.

For example, high blood pressure or hypertension is a PMB, but a member of a
large open scheme had her claim for treatment of a mild form of this condition
rejected, because, according to her scheme, the dose of medication prescribed
was too low to meet the criteria to qualify as a PMB.

Recently, a doctor assured a patient that the removal of suspected basal cell
carcinoma would be covered by the PMBs, but the claim was not paid in full. On
confronting the scheme, the member was told the scheme needed to see the
histology report, and only if the cells removed were of a particular depth,
would their removal qualify as treatment in terms of the PMBs.

2 The diagnostic test without the correct code

The diagnosis of a PMB condition should be covered in full, but when a member is
sent for a diagnostic test, the diagnosis is often not immediately obvious (see
"Paying for the diagnosis of a PMB", right), so the pathologist or radiologist
uses a "z" code to indicate an undiagnosed condition. Only when the doctor reads
the test results is a diagnosis confirmed. In the meantime, the bill for the
test is submitted to your scheme and not paid as a PMB, because the "z" ICD10
code is not recognised as one covered by the PMBs. (ICD stands for the
"International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Health-related
Problems".)

Members can resubmit these claims, but the claim may have to be accompanied by a
letter from the treating doctor, and it may be difficult to obtain a letter from
a busy healthcare practitioner.

Pathologists and radiologists will not amend the codes and resubmit the claim on
a member's instructions.

Members who regularly require diagnostic tests, scans or other treatment for a
chronic condition must ensure the forms are completed by their doctors and that
the correct ICD10 codes are supplied.

3 You are referred to a doctor who is not a designated service provider

To contain the costs of PMBs, medical schemes may appoint designated service
providers that members are expected to use if they want to be covered in full.
This may include a network of specialists. But if your general practitioner (GP)
refers you to a specialist who is not a member of that network, you are faced
with |the difficult decision of following |the GP's recommendation and paying
extra, or choosing a specialist in the network who is not known to your GP.

4 The emergency that isn't an emergency

PMBs cover all medical emergencies, but problems arise when what appeared to be
an emergency turns out, on diagnosis, to be a non-emergency. Members are finding
that in these cases schemes are not paying for consultations in emergency rooms
or for tests performed to establish whether or not the emergency was a
life-threatening condition.

The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee confirmed in a 2011 case that a
large open scheme did not have to pay for two electrocardiogram tests performed
on a member who experienced chest pains after a golf game, because the tests
proved that he did not have a heart problem.

The Appeal Committee said the scheme would have been obliged to pay only for any
treatment that the man received before the diagnosis was made.

Members or their dependants sent to an emergency room are typically in no
condition, nor do they have the knowledge, to dispute the need to be sent there.
Who would question a retirement village nurse who calls an ambulance for an
elderly resident suffering from chest pains, or think twice about advice from a
school to take a child who has fallen from a playground jungle gym and injured
his head to the emergency room?

Some medical schemes have introduced a casualty benefit to cover tests and
treatment in an emergency room, regardless of the diagnosis, from the scheme's
benefits, and to do so so that they do not risk depleting a member's savings
account.

5 Emergency treatment for which doctors charge more than scheme rates

Despite the fact that a condition may have been an emergency - which should be
covered by the PMBs regardless of what the practitioner charges - medical scheme
administrators do not always recognise claims as relating to an emergency and
may pay claims only up to the scheme rate, unless challenged.

When a member suffered internal bleeding and cardiac arrest, and was admitted to
intensive care for a week before dying as a result of major organ failure, a
restricted medical scheme paid all the hospital bills, which came to about R121
000, but only some of the R53 045 in claims submitted by the treating doctor,
anaesthetist, radiologist, blood supplier and paramedics.

The member's estate faced unpaid bills of R36 488 for charges that exceeded the
scheme rates. Fortunately, the treating doctor put a message on his bill to the
effect that it related to a PMB and should be covered in full.

The widow queried all the unpaid bills, and the scheme then settled them in
full, because they related to emergency treatment.

The administrator claimed the procedure codes and diagnostic (or ICD10) codes
were incomplete, resulting in the claims not being identified as PMBs and paid
as such.

6 The standard treatment |that is not suitable

Many members lose out on their scheme's paying for their treatment of a PMB
because the standard treatment is not suitable and their doctors recommend
alternatives.

The Medical Schemes Act allows schemes to develop treatment plans for a PMB as
long as that treatment is equal to, or better than, the minimum treatment
standards for each PMB condition as provided for in the law. Treatment provided
in state healthcare facilities is regarded as the absolute minimum.

The regulations also state that if you have a poor response to, or will come to
harm following, the treatment plan a scheme provides for a PMB condition, the
scheme is obliged to provide an appropriate exception.

A member of a large open scheme had to take her case to the Council for Medical
Schemes when, after the standard treatment failed, the scheme refused a R10
000-a-month biologic recommended by her doctor for rheumatoid arthritis.

The scheme argued that the biologic was not cost-effective, but it did not
recommend an alternative and neither did her doctor, leaving the member in
constant pain. Days before the appeal was finally to be heard, the scheme agreed
to pay the cost of the biologic.

In cases where treatment is expensive and the consequences of not following the
treatment are dire, a doctor may help a member to claim by motivating for
alternative treatment.

7 Establishing what is and isn't covered by the PMBs

The minimum treatment standards for each PMB condition in the regulations under
the Medical Schemes Act are often vague, referring only to "medical management"
or "surgical management" of the condition.

As schemes are obliged to provide a standard of care for a PMB condition that is
at least equal to that provided in state healthcare facilities, they often
reject treatment for a PMB condition, saying it is not common practice for
public health facilities to provide such treatment. Members can find it
difficult to prove otherwise, as cases that have come before the Council for
Medical Schemes and its Appeal Committee show. In 2010, two members of a large
open scheme won their cases after the scheme refused to pay for reconstructive
surgery following their mastectomies. The Appeal Committee found that
reconstructive surgery was the prevailing practice in state hospitals.

8 The PMB that is paid only after reams of paperwork

Many members give up the battle to have a claim paid as a PMB when they are
confronted with multiple forms that schemes insist must be completed before the
claim will be paid, or when forms for chronic conditions have to be resubmitted
annually. It can be difficult to get these forms completed by busy
practitioners, and some practitioners charge for the time it takes them to
complete the forms.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                  May 24, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

Avoid these pitfalls when claiming for a PMB;
The prescribed minimum benefits offer you, as a member of a medical scheme,
protection from financial ruin in the event of an illness or accident - but only
if you and your doctor have a good understanding of your rights and how to
enforce them, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1453 words


Members of medical schemes are becoming more informed about the prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs), and doctors can help to facilitate PMB claims by
informing members when their condition is a PMB, but a lack of knowledge can
result in your being denied benefits to which you are entitled.

Some medical practitioners print on their accounts messages such as, "This
treatment falls within the PMBs and should be settled by your scheme in full",
but when bills remain unpaid by schemes, practitioners turn on you, the member,
saying the payment of the bill is your responsibility.

Here are some common problems you may need to navigate to receive the benefits
to which you are entitled.

1The condition that seems to be a PMB, but isn't

Members and their doctors often have an idea that a condition is a PMB, but in
the fine print it turns out that the condition is not a PMB.

For example, high blood pressure or hypertension is a PMB, but a member of a
large open scheme had her claim for treatment of a mild form of this condition
rejected, because, according to her scheme, the dose of medication prescribed
was too low to meet the criteria to qualify as a PMB.

Recently, a doctor assured a patient that the removal of suspected basal cell
carcinoma would be covered by the PMBs, but the claim was not paid in full. On
confronting the scheme, the member was told the scheme needed to see the
histology report, and only if the cells removed were of a particular depth,
would their removal qualify as treatment in terms of the PMBs.

2 The diagnostic test without the correct code

The diagnosis of a PMB condition should be covered in full, but when a member is
sent for a diagnostic test, the diagnosis is often not immediately obvious (see
"Paying for the diagnosis of a PMB", right), so the pathologist or radiologist
uses a "z" code to indicate an undiagnosed condition. Only when the doctor reads
the test results is a diagnosis confirmed. In the meantime, the bill for the
test is submitted to your scheme and not paid as a PMB, because the "z" ICD10
code is not recognised as one covered by the PMBs. (ICD stands for the
"International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Health-related
Problems".)

Members can resubmit these claims, but the claim may have to be accompanied by a
letter from the treating doctor, and it may be difficult to obtain a letter from
a busy healthcare practitioner.

Pathologists and radiologists will not amend the codes and resubmit the claim on
a member's instructions.

Members who regularly require diagnostic tests, scans or other treatment for a
chronic condition must ensure the forms are completed by their doctors and that
the correct ICD10 codes are supplied.

3 You are referred to a doctor who is not a designated service provider

To contain the costs of PMBs, medical schemes may appoint designated service
providers that members are expected to use if they want to be covered in full.
This may include a network of specialists. But if your general practitioner (GP)
refers you to a specialist who is not a member of that network, you are faced
with|the difficult decision of following|the GP's recommendation and paying
extra, or choosing a specialist in the network who is not known to your GP.

4 The emergency that isn't an emergency

PMBs cover all medical emergencies, but problems arise when what appeared to be
an emergency turns out, on diagnosis, to be a non-emergency. Members are finding
that in these cases schemes are not paying for consultations in emergency rooms
or for tests performed to establish whether or not the emergency was a
life-threatening condition.

The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee confirmed in a 2011 case that a
large open scheme did not have to pay for two electrocardiogram tests performed
on a member who experienced chest pains after a golf game, because the tests
proved that he did not have a heart problem.

The Appeal Committee said the scheme would have been obliged to pay only for any
treatment that the man received before the diagnosis was made.

Members or their dependants sent to an emergency room are typically in no
condition, nor do they have the knowledge, to dispute the need to be sent there.
Who would question a retirement village nurse who calls an ambulance for an
elderly resident suffering from chest pains, or think twice about advice from a
school to take a child who has fallen from a playground jungle gym and injured
his head to the emergency room?

Some medical schemes have introduced a casualty benefit to cover tests and
treatment in an emergency room, regardless of the diagnosis, from the scheme's
benefits, and to do so so that they do not risk depleting a member's savings
account.

5 Emergency treatment for which doctors charge more than scheme rates

Despite the fact that a condition may have been an emergency - which should be
covered by the PMBs regardless of what the practitioner charges - medical scheme
administrators do not always recognise claims as relating to an emergency and
may pay claims only up to the scheme rate, unless challenged.

When a member suffered internal bleeding and cardiac arrest, and was admitted to
intensive care for a week before dying as a result of major organ failure, a
restricted medical scheme paid all the hospital bills, which came to about R121
000, but only some of the R53 045 in claims submitted by the treating doctor,
anaesthetist, radiologist, blood supplier and paramedics.

The member's estate faced unpaid bills of R36 488 for charges that exceeded the
scheme rates. Fortunately, the treating doctor put a message on his bill to the
effect that it related to a PMB and should be covered in full.

The widow queried all the unpaid bills, and the scheme then settled them in
full, because they related to emergency treatment.

The administrator claimed the procedure codes and diagnostic (or ICD10) codes
were incomplete, resulting in the claims not being identified as PMBs and paid
as such.

6 The standard treatment |that is not suitable

Many members lose out on their scheme's paying for their treatment of a PMB
because the standard treatment is not suitable and their doctors recommend
alternatives.

The Medical Schemes Act allows schemes to develop treatment plans for a PMB as
long as that treatment is equal to, or better than, the minimum treatment
standards for each PMB condition as provided for in the law. Treatment provided
in state healthcare facilities is regarded as the absolute minimum.

The regulations also state that if you have a poor response to, or will come to
harm following, the treatment plan a scheme provides for a PMB condition, the
scheme is obliged to provide an appropriate exception.

A member of a large open scheme had to take her case to the Council for Medical
Schemes when, after the standard treatment failed, the scheme refused a R10
000-a-month biologic recommended by her doctor for rheumatoid arthritis.

The scheme argued that the biologic was not cost-effective, but it did not
recommend an alternative and neither did her doctor, leaving the member in
constant pain. Days before the appeal was finally to be heard, the scheme agreed
to pay the cost of the biologic.

In cases where treatment is expensive and the consequences of not following the
treatment are dire, a doctor may help a member to claim by motivating for
alternative treatment.

7 Establishing what is and isn't covered by the PMBs

The minimum treatment standards for each PMB condition in the regulations under
the Medical Schemes Act are often vague, referring only to "medical management"
or "surgical management" of the condition.

As schemes are obliged to provide a standard of care for a PMB condition that is
at least equal to that provided in state healthcare facilities, they often
reject treatment for a PMB condition, saying it is not common practice for
public health facilities to provide such treatment. Members can find it
difficult to prove otherwise, as cases that have come before the Council for
Medical Schemes and its Appeal Committee show. In 2010, two members of a large
open scheme won their cases after the scheme refused to pay for reconstructive
surgery following their mastectomies. The Appeal Committee found that
reconstructive surgery was the prevailing practice in state hospitals.

8 The PMB that is paid only after reams of paperwork

Many members give up the battle to have a claim paid as a PMB when they are
confronted with multiple forms that schemes insist must be completed before the
claim will be paid, or when forms for chronic conditions have to be resubmitted
annually. It can be difficult to get these forms completed by busy
practitioners, and some practitioners charge for the time it takes them to
complete the forms.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Avoid these pitfalls when claiming for a PMB;
The prescribed minimum benefits offer you, as a member of a medical scheme,
protection from financial ruin in the event of an illness or accident - but only
if you and your doctor have a good understanding of your rights and how to
enforce them, writes Laura du Preez.

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1453 words


Members of medical schemes are becoming more informed about the prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs), and doctors can help to facilitate PMB claims by
informing members when their condition is a PMB, but a lack of knowledge can
result in your being denied benefits to which you are entitled.

Some medical practitioners print on their accounts messages such as, "This
treatment falls within the PMBs and should be settled by your scheme in full",
but when bills remain unpaid by schemes, practitioners turn on you, the member,
saying the payment of the bill is your responsibility.

Here are some common problems you may need to navigate to receive the benefits
to which you are entitled.

1The condition that seems to be a PMB, but isn't

Members and their doctors often have an idea that a condition is a PMB, but in
the fine print it turns out that the condition is not a PMB.

For example, high blood pressure or hypertension is a PMB, but a member of a
large open scheme had her claim for treatment of a mild form of this condition
rejected, because, according to her scheme, the dose of medication prescribed
was too low to meet the criteria to qualify as a PMB.

Recently, a doctor assured a patient that the removal of suspected basal cell
carcinoma would be covered by the PMBs, but the claim was not paid in full. On
confronting the scheme, the member was told the scheme needed to see the
histology report, and only if the cells removed were of a particular depth,
would their removal qualify as treatment in terms of the PMBs.

2 The diagnostic test without the correct code

The diagnosis of a PMB condition should be covered in full, but when a member is
sent for a diagnostic test, the diagnosis is often not immediately obvious (see
"Paying for the diagnosis of a PMB", right), so the pathologist or radiologist
uses a "z" code to indicate an undiagnosed condition. Only when the doctor reads
the test results is a diagnosis confirmed. In the meantime, the bill for the
test is submitted to your scheme and not paid as a PMB, because the "z" ICD10
code is not recognised as one covered by the PMBs. (ICD stands for the
"International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Health-related
Problems".)

Members can resubmit these claims, but the claim may have to be accompanied by a
letter from the treating doctor, and it may be difficult to obtain a letter from
a busy healthcare practitioner.

Pathologists and radiologists will not amend the codes and resubmit the claim on
a member's instructions.

Members who regularly require diagnostic tests, scans or other treatment for a
chronic condition must ensure the forms are completed by their doctors and that
the correct ICD10 codes are supplied.

3 You are referred to a doctor who is not a designated service provider

To contain the costs of PMBs, medical schemes may appoint designated service
providers that members are expected to use if they want to be covered in full.
This may include a network of specialists. But if your general practitioner (GP)
refers you to a specialist who is not a member of that network, you are faced
with the difficult decision of following the GP's recommendation and paying
extra, or choosing a specialist in the network who is not known to your GP.

4 The emergency that isn't an emergency

PMBs cover all medical emergencies, but problems arise when what appeared to be
an emergency turns out, on diagnosis, to be a non-emergency. Members are finding
that in these cases schemes are not paying for consultations in emergency rooms
or for tests performed to establish whether or not the emergency was a
life-threatening condition.

The Council for Medical Schemes Appeal Committee confirmed in a 2011 case that a
large open scheme did not have to pay for two electrocardiogram tests performed
on a member who experienced chest pains after a golf game, because the tests
proved that he did not have a heart problem.

The Appeal Committee said the scheme would have been obliged to pay only for any
treatment that the man received before the diagnosis was made.

Members or their dependants sent to an emergency room are typically in no
condition, nor do they have the knowledge, to dispute the need to be sent there.
Who would question a retirement village nurse who calls an ambulance for an
elderly resident suffering from chest pains, or think twice about advice from a
school to take a child who has fallen from a playground jungle gym and injured
his head to the emergency room?

Some medical schemes have introduced a casualty benefit to cover tests and
treatment in an emergency room, regardless of the diagnosis, from the scheme's
benefits, and to do so so that they do not risk depleting a member's savings
account.

5 Emergency treatment for which doctors charge more than scheme rates

Despite the fact that a condition may have been an emergency - which should be
covered by the PMBs regardless of what the practitioner charges - medical scheme
administrators do not always recognise claims as relating to an emergency and
may pay claims only up to the scheme rate, unless challenged.

When a member suffered internal bleeding and cardiac arrest, and was admitted to
intensive care for a week before dying as a result of major organ failure, a
restricted medical scheme paid all the hospital bills, which came to about R121
000, but only some of the R53 045 in claims submitted by the treating doctor,
anaesthetist, radiologist, blood supplier and paramedics.

The member's estate faced unpaid bills of R36 488 for charges that exceeded the
scheme rates. Fortunately, the treating doctor put a message on his bill to the
effect that it related to a PMB and should be covered in full.

The widow queried all the unpaid bills, and the scheme then settled them in
full, because they related to emergency treatment.

The administrator claimed the procedure codes and diagnostic (or ICD10) codes
were incomplete, resulting in the claims not being identified as PMBs and paid
as such.

6 The standard treatment |that is not suitable

Many members lose out on their scheme's paying for their treatment of a PMB
because the standard treatment is not suitable and their doctors recommend
alternatives.

The Medical Schemes Act allows schemes to develop treatment plans for a PMB as
long as that treatment is equal to, or better than, the minimum treatment
standards for each PMB condition as provided for in the law. Treatment provided
in state healthcare facilities is regarded as the absolute minimum.

The regulations also state that if you have a poor response to, or will come to
harm following, the treatment plan a scheme provides for a PMB condition, the
scheme is obliged to provide an appropriate exception.

A member of a large open scheme had to take her case to the Council for Medical
Schemes when, after the standard treatment failed, the scheme refused a R10
000-a-month biologic recommended by her doctor for rheumatoid arthritis.

The scheme argued that the biologic was not cost-effective, but it did not
recommend an alternative and neither did her doctor, leaving the member in
constant pain. Days before the appeal was finally to be heard, the scheme agreed
to pay the cost of the biologic.

In cases where treatment is expensive and the consequences of not following the
treatment are dire, a doctor may help a member to claim by motivating for
alternative treatment.

7 Establishing what is and isn't covered by the PMBs

The minimum treatment standards for each PMB condition in the regulations under
the Medical Schemes Act are often vague, referring only to "medical management"
or "surgical management" of the condition.

As schemes are obliged to provide a standard of care for a PMB condition that is
at least equal to that provided in state healthcare facilities, they often
reject treatment for a PMB condition, saying it is not common practice for
public health facilities to provide such treatment. Members can find it
difficult to prove otherwise, as cases that have come before the Council for
Medical Schemes and its Appeal Committee show. In 2010, two members of a large
open scheme won their cases after the scheme refused to pay for reconstructive
surgery following their mastectomies. The Appeal Committee found that
reconstructive surgery was the prevailing practice in state hospitals.

8 The PMB that is paid only after reams of paperwork

Many members give up the battle to have a claim paid as a PMB when they are
confronted with multiple forms that schemes insist must be completed before the
claim will be paid, or when forms for chronic conditions have to be resubmitted
annually. It can be difficult to get these forms completed by busy
practitioners, and some practitioners charge for the time it takes them to
complete the forms.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

New pension scheme for pvt companies from Nov: PFRDA

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) has approved a
scheme for corporate subscribers, CG Scheme, which will have a different
investment model for government bonds.

Under the present New Pension Scheme (NPA) for corporates, the companies have
been provided the option to select the government investment model under which
asset allocation replicates the scheme as applicable to the central government
employees.

However, this model has lost attractiveness after PFRDA allowed private fund
managers to decide the investment management fee within the upper ceiling of
0.25% per annum.

''Due to this differential fee offered by the PFMs from November 1, 2012, a new
scheme called 'Corporate-CG scheme' will be introduced with effect from November
1, 2012. The scheme will follow the government investment guidelines issued from
time to time,'' PFRDA said in a notification.

The new scheme will be offered by only public sector PFMs, who have obtained
registration under the PFRDA.

The system of distribution of funds among three PFMs, as at present, will no
longer be available for the corporates under CG scheme and the corporate will
have to choose only one PFM offering this scheme.

The existing three public sector PFMs-SBI, UTI & LIC -offering CG scheme will
introduce the new scheme 'corporate-CG scheme' from November 2012 with units of
face value of R10 and an initial NAV of R10.00 per unit. The funds/assets in the
existing CG Scheme in respect of Corporates will be transferred to the new
scheme and proportionate units in the new scheme.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            July 04, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical aids fear throttling regulation;
zz NHI and bill amendments to make life tough - PwC survey

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 633 words


The pending Medical Schemes Amendment Bill would bring a further regulatory
burden to bear on medical schemes, while the introduction of the National Health
Insurance (NHI) system would intensify competition, a PwC survey predicted
yesterday.

The introduction of the NHI, the demarcation between health insurance and
medical scheme cover and new regulations from the medical schemes regulator, the
Council for Medical Schemes (CMS), made medical schemes feel that the operating
environment had become more complex and was unpredictable.

Already 75 percent of the schemes said their solvency margins would decrease if
personal member medical savings accounts were removed from the financial
statements of the scheme, as recently proposed by the council.

"New member growth prospects and the sustainability of existing membership
continue to be impeded by reduced consumer discretionary income and an increase
in medical costs," said Ilse French, PwC's medical schemes leader for southern
Africa.

Releasing the first edition of its Strategic and Emerging Issues in the Medical
Scheme Industry survey for 2012, PwC said the findings showed the constantly
evolving regulatory environment indicated worse days ahead for the industry.

Principal officers of 20 South African schemes and one in Namibia were surveyed
and they covered 53 percent of the industry in South Africa, based on principal
members in December 2010.

The main aim of the survey was to raise awareness among medical schemes to
emerging trends and issues in the industry and to provide insight into how the
industry might evolve over the next three years.

French said there was an expectation that the CMS would continue to monitor and
impose new requirements across different parts of the medical schemes'
operations.

About 70 percent of schemes expected the intensity of regulation of medical
schemes to increase substantially over the next three years.

Medical schemes had also become nervous about the maintenance of membership of
younger and healthier members, the affordability of cover provided to members,
cost structures and consolidation among medical schemes after the introduction
of NHI.

Although the majority of them believed that NHI would increase access to health
care for previously disadvantaged people, they did not foresee it reducing the
cost and complexity of compliance, or resulting in the better use of funds
allocated to health care.

More than half (55 percent) of schemes did not think the NHI would change the
state of health care in South Africa if implemented as currently envisaged. The
schemes argued that the government's provision of health care was not at the
standard required and that this was a managerial problem.

French said medical aids felt that the "NHI alone is not the solution, as
working conditions need to be improved, primary care has to be revived,
pharmaceutical distribution for state-owned facilities should be decentralised
and a booking system should be introduced".

All participating schemes said the provision of local health care was
deteriorating. Only a quarter of the participants agreed that the introduction
of the NHI system would change the current state of health care if implemented
in accordance with the focus contained in the NHI Green Paper.

Sixty-five percent of schemes believed that the medical insurance needs of
members would differ by 2015 and some were of the view that members would move
away from comprehensive cover to more essential hospital and specialist cover.

The majority of schemes advocated an investigation by the Competition Commission
into health-care costs, saying it could be useful in keeping health costs
minimal. They said their contribution rate increases of between 5 percent and 10
percent in 2012 were largely driven by hospital and specialist costs.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                    December 8, 2010 Wednesday 10:50 PM  EST

MINISTER OF STATE FOR TEXTILES LAKSHMI DIVULGES DETAILS OF ENCOURAGEMENT TO
TEXTILE INDUSTRY

LENGTH: 304  words


NEW DELHI, Dec. 8 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Government has initiated various schemes to encourage textile industry, such
as Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS), Scheme for Integrated Textile
Parks (SITP), Group Workshed schemes. Central Silk Board is implementing a
Centrally sponsored scheme, viz. "Catalytic Development Programme (CDP)" in
collaboration with the State governments. This information was given by the
Minister of State for Textiles, Smt. Panabaaka Lakshmi in a written reply in the
Rajya Sabha today to a question raised by Shri A.A. Jinnah.

The Minister further stated that to promote and develop handloom textiles, the
government is implementing the Integrated Handloom Development Scheme (IHDS),
Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme, Marketing & Export Promotion
Scheme (MEPS), Mill Gate Price Scheme and Diversified Handloom Development
Scheme during the XIth Plan.

In addition, the Department of Commerce is also facilitating promotion of export
of various commodities, including handloom textile through implementation of
Duty Entitlement Pass Book (DEPB) Scheme, Focus Market Scheme, Focus Product
Scheme, Marketing Development Assistance Scheme (MD), Market Access Initiative
Scheme (MAI), the Minister added.

Till date NTC has generated total resources of Rs. 8902.72 crore, out of which
Rs. 4442 Crore relates to sale of assets. Out of total resources NTC has paid
Rs. 2299.14 crore to 62370 surplus employees under Modified Voluntary Retirement
Scheme (MVRS), Rs.2028.04 crore towards redemption of bonds Rs. 1741.90 crore as
salary & wages to its employees and Rs. 985.69 crores towards modernisation of
its mills. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Deposit Guarantee Schemes - Frequently Asked Questions

LENGTH: 2329  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, July 13 -- European Commission has issued following Press Release:

1) What is a Deposit Guarantee Scheme?

A Deposit Guarantee Scheme acts as a safety net for bank account holders in case
of bank failure. If a bank is closed down, the scheme is to reimburse account
holders of the bank up to a certain coverage level. A 1994 Directive ensures
that all EU Member States have Deposit Guarantee Schemes in place.

2) Why is the revision of the Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes necessary?

The Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes has not been changed substantially
for about 16 years although financial markets have significantly changed since
then.

The 1994 Directive introduced minimum harmonisation for Deposit Guarantee
Schemes; this meant that there were only a few basic requirements for Member
states to follow up. As a result, Deposit Guarantee Schemes between countries
vary significantly on the level of coverage, the scope of covered depositors and
products and the payout delay. Also, the financing of schemes has been left
entirely to Member States. This has turned out to be disruptive for financial
stability and the proper functioning of the Internal Market. For example, when
the crisis deteriorated, many depositors shifted money in the UK from British
banks to branches of Irish banks in the UK, since Ireland had unilaterally
introduced unlimited deposit guarantees. This led to a severe and abrupt
draining of liquidity from the British banks, making them very vulnerable.

Therefore, the Commission aims at harmonising and simplifying the Directive in
order to confirm the required level of deposit protection, reimburse account
holders more quickly and ensure schemes are properly funded. These new funding
requirements will improve the confidence of savers and ensure long-term
financial stability.

3) What is the current level of deposit protection in the EU? How is this going
to change in the future?

When the financial crisis hit in autumn 2008, Member States decided that the
level of deposit protection should be gradually but quickly increased in the EU.
A Directive adopted in March 2009 required coverage to be increased from a
minimum of [#x20ac] 20 000 to at least [#x20ac] 50 000 by June 2010 and to a
uniform level of [#x20ac] 100 000 by the end of 2010. Today's proposal -
following an impact assessment on the move to [#x20ac] 100 000 - confirm the
[#x20ac] 100 000 figure.

On the basis of a coverage of [#x20ac] 100 000, 95% of eligible accounts will be
fully covered, 7% more than before the crisis.

4) Which deposits and depositors will be protected?

Deposits are covered per depositor per bank. This means that the limit of
[#x20ac] 100 000 applies to all aggregated accounts of one account holder at the
same bank. So this will include his or her current account, savings account and
other accounts he or she might have in any one bank.

Deposit Guarantee Schemes will protect all deposits held by individuals and
small, medium-sized and large businesses. However, deposits of financial
institutions and public authorities will not be covered. The former do not need
protection since they are professional market actors and the latter would have
easy access to other sources of financing.

Deposits in non-EU currencies will also be covered, which is important for small
and medium-sized businesses acting globally. Some more complex products similar
to bonds will not be covered. Structured products whose principal is not
repayable in full will not be protected (e.g. products whose value is dependent
on a share price index).

This simplification and harmonisation will contribute to more transparency for
savers and to quicker reimbursement in the event of a bank failure.

5) How quickly will bank account holders get their money back after a bank
failure?

Currently, account holders must be paid within three months after a bank
failure. By the end of 2010, this delay has to be reduced to between four and
six weeks. Today's proposal shortens the pay out delay to one week. This is
important as account holders can face important financial difficulties within a
few days - for example when they must pay bills.

6) Is a 7 day payout of deposits feasible?

Yes. This already happens in the United States and will happen soon in the UK.

To make this 7 day deadline work, managers of Deposit Guarantee Schemes will be
informed at an early stage by supervisory authorities if a bank failure looks
likely. Banks will be required to mark eligible deposits in their books and to
maintain up-to-date records. If a bank fails, no application from bank account
holders will be needed; the scheme will pay out automatically.

7) Will Deposit Guarantee Schemes have enough funds to pay out in case banks
fail?

There have been shortcomings in some countries in the past. It is not feasible
or necessary to provide schemes with an amount of money equivalent to all
deposits. But banks will have to pay on a regular basis to the schemes, in
advance, so a pot of money can be built up, and not only after a bank failure.
Such 'ex-ante funds' will make up 75% of the overall funds in DGS.

If it becomes necessary, banks will have to pay additional contributions, which
will contribute a further 25% of the target funds. If this is still
insufficient, Deposit Guarantee Schemes could borrow from each other ("mutual
borrowing facility") up to a certain limit (again 25% of target funds) or use
additional funding sources such as borrowing on the financial market, e.g. by
issuing bonds.

The new financing requirements will ensure that each scheme has enough funds in
place to deal with a medium-size bank failure. This level is comparable to the
existing well-financed schemes in the EU. These levels of funding will have to
be achieved in all Member States by 2020.

Banks having a riskier business model than others will pay higher contributions
to Deposit Guarantee Schemes - up to about 3 times more.

8) Will the improved funding of Deposit Guarantee Schemes make taxpayers'
involvement and bank resolution funds obsolete?

Deposit Guarantee Schemes are part of the measures being taken to create a
stronger crisis prevention and crisis management system so that taxpayers are no
longer the first to pay out. Soundly financed Deposit Guarantee Schemes will
mean that in case of bank failure, funds are there to pay out account holders
without needing to have recourse to taxpayers. Furthermore, a scheme's funds can
be used for certain resolution purposes - those that involve the transfer of
deposits to another bank and are therefore equivalent to a payout.

Bank resolution funds, as the Commission's Communication of 26th May advocated
(IP/10/610), serve a different purpose to Deposit Guarantee Schemes. The latter
ensures that savers will be reimbursed up to the coverage level whilst
resolution funds ensure that the bank can be wound up and cover different costs
(paying for continuity of certain key services, covering administrative costs,
fees, etc.), for the benefit of all creditors of a bank and not only to the
benefit of insured depositors.

Half of the target size of DGS funds can also be used for early intervention
measures, i.e. measures aimed at helping a bank when it faces difficulties and
avoiding it needs to be wound up, for example temporary liquidity support. The
table below illustrates how the funds of Deposit Guarantee Schemes could be used
for early intervention measures. It should be noted though that the necessary
funds always remains ring-fenced for paying out depositors.

Figures and graphics available in PDF and WORD PROCESSED

Figures and graphics available in PDF and WORD PROCESSED

Figures and graphics available in PDF and WORD PROCESSED

Figures and graphics available in PDF and WORD PROCESSED

Figures and graphics available in PDF and WORD PROCESSED

9) Should we have a pan-European Deposit Guarantee Scheme?

A single pan-European scheme would have two main advantages:

*

First, the impact assessment estimates that [#x20ac] 40 million administrative
costs per year could be saved.

*

Second, it could better deal with bank failures. The impact of a single bank
failure on a large scheme is lower than on a scheme only covering the banking
sector of one Member State.

However, there are complicated legal issues which would need to be examined. The
idea of a pan-EU Deposit Guarantee Scheme remains a potential longer-term
project. A more detailed report examining the options will be presented by 2014.

Under the new supervisory structure, the European Banking Authority will
facilitate the functioning of Deposit Guarantee Schemes. The authority will be
involved in stress tests and peer reviews of schemes, help settle any
disagreements (for example in a cross-border case when two schemes have to
coordinate their actions) and will ensure the consistent determination of
contributions based on the risk of each bank.

10) Why set a maximum level for deposits protected? Why not leave Member States
choose their own levels?

Coverage can remain unlimited if it is linked to real estate transactions (for
example selling your house) or to specific life events such as marriage and
divorce. So, if you sell your house, the money from the sale is transferred to
your account, and the bank fails the next day, Member States can ensure that you
are covered for more than [#x20ac] 100 000. In this scenario, depositors enjoy
such coverage for up to 12 months after such an event if their Member State opts
for such regime.

But an unlimited higher coverage in general would jeopardise financial
stability. When the crisis deteriorated, account holders shifted deposits to
banks in Member States whose coverage was higher. This led to banks being
stripped of liquidity in times of stress and made the crisis worse as it led to
a near-liquidity crunch. Moreover, one scheme offering general unlimited
coverage needed state aid because of the demands made on it.

11) What are the benefits for consumers and business under the new rules?

Consumers will benefit from the Commission's proposal: interest will now be
taken into account when reimbursing deposits, credits and instalments can no
longer be deducted from the amount to be reimbursed and savers at branches of
banks in other Member States will not be referred to a scheme in a country they
don't live in. Depositors will be informed about the coverage on their statement
of account.

Businesses will also benefit. First, as explained above, the new proposal will
extend coverage to all currencies, including, for example, US dollars, Swiss
francs and yen, which is beneficial for business operating globally. Second, all
businesses, whatever their size, will be now covered under the Deposit Guarantee
Scheme. This is new as until now, some EU Member States exempted medium-sized
and large enterprises from the existing rules on Deposit Guarantee Schemes.

12) How does the proposal cater for the needs of Mutual Guarantee Schemes? Will
their stabilising function not be reduced?

Mutual Guarantee Schemes are schemes where banks support each other so they do
not fail. By doing so, they contribute to financial stability in some Member
States. On the contrary, Deposit Guarantee Schemes pay if a bank fails.

The new proposals do not ask Mutual Guarantees Schemes to close down. On the
contrary, the new proposal acknowledges the stabilising function of Mutual
Guarantee Schemes and offers a lot of flexibility to them.

Nevertheless, Mutual Guarantee Schemes are intended in the first place to save a
bank as such and not the bank account holders. The Commission believes that it
is important that all banks participate in a Deposit Guarantee Scheme so as to
give bank account holders the same level of protection - no matter where they
are based in Europe. This would be an improvement for bank account holders, as
under the current system account holders cannot make a claim if a Mutual
Guarantee Scheme fails.

Under the Commission's new proposal, Mutual Guarantee Schemes can continue to
exist. However, participating banks would be required to participate in a
Deposit Guarantee Scheme or to establish a separate deposit scheme for
themselves. Their lower risk factor can be taken into account when determining
contributions.

13) More burdensome rules on banks - will these proposals not choke the
recovery?

The crisis has made clear that banks must take more responsibility and measures
to strengthen financial stability are essential.

But the Commission is also very aware of the cumulative effects of new rules on
banks which is why each proposal is accompanied by in-depth impact assessments.

The calibration of measures is essential which is why banks will have 10 years
to reach the target funding levels set out in the proposal.

14) Will these new rules not lead to higher banking fees for clients?

This is unlikely. Since the market on financial products is quite competitive,
banks are unlikely to transmit their costs completely to their customers. But
even if they did so, it would not exceed a 0.1% reduction in interest rates on
saving accounts or an increase of bank fees on current accounts by about
[#x20ac] 7-12 per account per year.

15) How will the mutual borrowing facility work?

This is illustrated by the graph below. The amount of funds being lent is equal
to the ex-post funds at the scheme borrowing from the others. The borrowing
scheme has to pay back to the lending schemes within 5 years (see also question
7).

16) When will all the changes come into effect?

Due by

General implementation deadline

31.12.2012

Simplification and harmonisation of scope and eligibility

31.12.2012

One-week payout delay

31.12.2013

Report on pan-EU schemes

31.12.2014

Reaching the target funding level

31.12.2020

Mutual borrowing facility functioning

31.12.2020

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 06, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Bonitas trustees hope to avoid curatorship;
The trustees of medical scheme Bonitas are hoping to reach an agreement with the
acting registrar of medical schemes, who has applied for the scheme to be placed
under curatorship after an investigation found it had invested millions in
inappropriate, dubious business ventures. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1217 words


The principal officer of the country's third-largest medical scheme, the Bonitas
Medical Fund, has resigned and its board of trustees is expected to offer to
resign after the scheme became the subject of a court application to place it
under curatorship following irregularities involving millions of rands of
members' money.

The trustees of the scheme have also indicated they intend to defend the
application, which was submitted to the South Gauteng High Court recently by the
acting Registrar of Medical Schemes, Craig Burton-Durham.

Burton-Durham is asking the court to remove the trustees and appoint a curator
to run the scheme. He says the trustees failed in their fiduciary duties to the
scheme's more than 250 000 members after using their contributions to fund an
incomplete property development on the KwaZulu-Natal north coast and other
investments that put about R80 million of members' money at risk.

Despite the large amounts involved, the scheme is financially strong and had
reserves of R2.4 billion - or 47.3 percent of contributions - at the end of last
year. Burton-Durham says members should not consider leaving the scheme because
of its governance issues, but only if they are able to find better benefits and
contribution rates at another scheme.

The scheme's acting principal officer, Gerhard van Emmenis, says the trustees
have until February 15 to file opposing affidavits but are hoping that
Burton-Durham will accept their offer to resign and hold early elections for a
new board rather than pursuing the application for curatorship.

He says the scheme's principal officer, Bafana Nkosi, who, according to the
court application, was a key player in a number of the scheme's irregular
activities, resigned last weekend ahead of the scheduled start of his
disciplinary hearing on Monday.

Nkosi was suspended by the trustees last year after Burton-Durham's predecessor
successfully applied to the Johannesburg High Court for an investigation into
the scheme's affairs in July last year.

But Burton-Durham says the resignation of Nkosi and the trustees alone won't
resolve the problems at the scheme.

The acting registrar says that, in addition to an offer to resign, proposals
will need to be made to unwind the transactions that have put members' money at
risk and to recover money that has been lost.

He says Nkosi's resignation may put an end to his disciplinary hearing, but it
doesn't resolve issues around his potential responsibility for losses the scheme
has suffered.

FORENSIC INVESTIGATION

The application for curatorship cites the court-appointed investigation
completed late last year by Cornelius Potgieter, an independent forensic
investigator who was previously employed by the Financial Services Board.

Potgieter found the KwaZulu-Natal property had been transferred to Bonitas in an
entity known as Pegma 36 by its previous chairperson to compensate the scheme
for a secret commission he had earned by investing scheme funds in endowment
policies.

The court papers note that after the scheme took ownership of the property, the
registrar's office had advised it that it would be inappropriate for it to be
involved in developing the property, as this fell outside of the scope of the
business of a medical scheme. The trustees nevertheless decided to proceed with
the development, which was called Clansthal.

Potgieter found that Bonitas spent more than R43 million developing the property
and would need to spend another R4.2 million to complete it.

According to the court application, the building contractor, Mondli
Homes/Mavundla Projects, was appointed following an irregular tender process and
was paid R24 million more than the payments certified by the quantity surveyors.

The project manager submitted invoices in excess of the certified amounts and
these were authorised for payment by Nkosi, the court papers state.

Despite the fact that Mondli Homes did not complete the development, the scheme
did not take steps against the contractor, and no penalties for late completion
were imposed, Burton-Durham's curatorship application states.

Before Potgieter was appointed to investigate Bonitas's affairs, the trustees
appointed auditing firm Deloitte to investigate the Clansthal development.

Deloitte's report, which is also cited in the curatorship application, states
that there was no separation of the affairs of Pegma 36 and Bonitas - there were
no separate books of account for Pegma 36 and all expenses relating to the
development were paid by the scheme.

There was also no loan account in Bonitas's accounts for the money it paid for
the development.

The Deloitte report also found that Bonitas's administrator, Medscheme, had not
scrutinised the millions of rands in payments that Bonitas had made to the
building contractor.

Potgieter says Bonitas's trustees allowed payments for the development to be
made when they should not have been made and did not take any action against the
scheme's officials who were party to the transgressions.

Dubious transactions

The court papers also note that Bonitas's trustees set up a marketing company
and served as the board of directors of this company.

The marketing company took over the scheme's marketing activities from
Medscheme, but Potgieter found little value was added by establishing a separate
company for this purpose.

The scheme advanced the marketing company R10 million, repayable when this
company became profitable. Potgieter is quoted as saying this loan contravened
the Financial Institutions Act and was unlikely to be repaid.

In another questionable deal, the curatorship application notes that Bonitas had
entered into an agreement with a chronic medication supplier, Pharmacy Direct,
despite conflicts of interest as a result of relationships between the
supplier's principals, one of the trustees and Nkosi.

Potgieter further found that Pharmacy Direct had provided financial assistance
for the elec- tion campaign of some of the scheme's trustees.

Finally, Potgieter found a conflict of interest in the relationship between
Nkosi and a broker who was assigned to a number of existing Bonitas members
without a broker, and for whom he earned ongoing commission.

The curatorship application also relates Potgieter's difficulty in obtaining
various scheme documents. He was supplied only with minute books, and these did
not contain records of all the meetings of the board and its sub-committees.

He is quoted as describing the non-existence of a policies and procedures
manual, charters and delegation documents for the scheme's sub-committees, and
an asset register as "alarming" for an institution the size of Bonitas.

During his five-month-long investigation, Potgieter also found the board of
trustees to be unnecessarily increasing the fees and stipends they earned.

Burton-Durham says in the application for curatorship that the current board is
not in control of the business of the scheme and says the board members have
been negligent and have failed to act with the necessary care, diligence and
skill.

The court application seeks to have Molokomme Maluleke, the chairman of
Gauteng-based legal firm Rooth Wessels Motla Conradie, appointed as the curator
of the scheme.

Burton-Durham says if the Bonitas trustees file opposing papers later this
month, the application is likely to be heard in March.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                               February 15, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Firms face loan horror;
The government's Eur1.3bn Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme is proving a damp
squib.

BYLINE: Rachel Bridge

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1273 words


SMALL businesses attempting to access the government's Eur1.3billion Enterprise
Finance Guarantee (EFG) are being thwarted by high-street bank managers
reluctant to provide the scheme.

In a survey of its members, the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) found bank
managers were putting unnecessary obstacles in the way of firms seeking help and
that many high-street branch managers had no idea the scheme even existed.

The poll of more than 4,000 small businesses found that only 8% of them said
their banks were making the EFG scheme available to them.

Stephen Alambritis, a spokesman for the FSB, said: "The banks are not releasing
to small businesses the money that the government has put in place. They are not
up to speed with the parameters of the schemes, and so businesses are going in
and asking for money under the new schemes and they are being given
preconditions that only existed under the old schemes.

"We are finding that banks are still being very harsh with small businesses." He
said there needed to be a change of culture in local branches to make the scheme
work, and that bank managers used to lending for expansion needed to adjust to
lending to tide businesses over the recession.

"There is a disparity between the aspirations of entrepreneurs who are not in
expansion mode but need some money to tide them over, and bank managers being
very risk averse. There are huge problems."

The EFG scheme was launched last month to help small businesses suffering from
cash-flow problems to access finance to tide them over in the present climate of
tight lending conditions. The government is guaranteeing 75% of the value of the
loans made, which can be for a maximum of Eur1m for up to 10 years and are
available to small firms with a turnover of less than Eur25m.

The guarantee, which is being administered by high-street banks, will apply to
loans and can also be used to convert existing overdrafts into loans to enable
businesses to free up their overdraft facilities and meet working-capital
demands.

The Forum of Private Business (FPB) said it had also been receiving calls from
its members complaining about the difficulty of accessing the bail-out scheme.

FPB spokesman Phil McCabe said: "The government's Enterprise Finance Guarantee
was introduced to underwrite lending in order to reduce the banks' perception of
small businesses as 'high risk'. However, even profitable members of the FPB are
reporting that they are still being rejected for loans and overdrafts by some of
the UK's leading banks. The scheme is not working well."

He said that in several cases members were reporting that their applications
were being judged under criteria used by the now-defunct Small Firms Loan
Guarantee scheme rather than those for the new scheme.

FPB member Stephen Harkin, who owns Saxon Oil near Coventry, a supplier of
industrial and automotive lubricants, is one of those having difficulty in
obtaining finance under the scheme. He had been hoping to borrow Eur40,000.

He said: "There is a huge knowledge gap about the Enterprise Finance Guarantee
on a local level. When we approached Yorkshire Bank, all they could talk about
was the old small-firms guarantee scheme.

"They appeared not to know anything about the Enterprise Finance Guarantee
scheme. The only thing they wanted to do was lend me secured money, putting my
home against any advance. We're really frustrated by it."

Peter Vale, who owns a furniture store near Llangollen in northeast Wales, is in
the process of trying to borrow Eur25,000 through the scheme from HSBC.

He said: "Initially we found a lot of confusion. The banks just seem to be
exceedingly cautious about it.

"Now it seems that we can go ahead if we can prove affordability, but it will
have to go not only to my bank manager for approval, but to his boss and his
boss's boss because they are afraid of putting something forward that might come
back to haunt them. I am no more than 50% optimistic at this stage.

"It is positive that the government is trying to do something, but I don't think
that the money will actually come out of the scheme because I don't think the
banks will be prepared to support it.

"They will go through the motions to be seen to be trying to support it, but the
hoops small businesses will have to go through and the criteria that they will
apply for affordability will make it beyond the reach of the vast majority of
small businesses who need it." Malcolm Storey, the owner of C& M Framing, a
picture-framing firm in Sunderland, applied for a Eur50,000 loan from HSBC under
the EFG scheme but was turned down on the ground that his credit rating was not
high enough - even though he has been banking with HSBC for more than 15 years.

He said: "There doesn't seem to be any point in schemes like this if they are
not actually lending any money to people.

"I know of many firms who have been turned down for loans under the scheme and I
only know of one that has managed to get any money. I think it's terrible."
William Flatau, who owns commercialfinance brokerage First Finance, said banks
were unlikely to be fond of the EFG scheme because of its similarity to the old
smallbusiness loan-guarantee scheme.

"Many high-street lenders have made little secret of the fact that they loathed
the small-firms scheme because of the high failure rate of businesses that used
it and the huge amounts of red tape it involved," he said. "Some bank managers
viewed these loans as a scar on their lending book.

I hope I'm wrong, but I can't see how the banks are going to treat this scheme
with any more delight than they did the old one.

"Coupled with this is the fact that there is obviously complete confusion as to
how the new system works." Peter Ibbetson, head of business banking at NatWest
and RBS, said: "We have made sure that all our business managers and front-line
branch managers are fully aware of the scheme. We see this as an important
scheme to help businesses that are suffering from cash-flow problems and we are
very keen that all our managers fully understand the scheme and are very focused
on that." However, he acknowledged: "There is a need for continuing education in
the high street. We are speaking daily to branches to make sure that everyone is
aware that this is a scheme that we want to support." He added a warning that
the guarantee scheme would not be open to all small businesses in difficulty.

He said: "It is important to emphasise that both we, the banks, and the
government have to make sure that the cases that we are supporting can afford to
repay.

This scheme is there to support businesses that are having cashflow
difficulties; it is not there to support businesses whose sales have collapsed
completely and just aren't viable.

"It is very important that businesses realise that this is a loan scheme and not
grant money. We are seeing cases of some businesses believing that it is
government free money - which it is not."

A spokesman for the Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform
said: "We are in constant touch with the banks to make sure the scheme is going
as it should. We expect there to be a significant increase in the number of
loans being made over the next few months."

Treasury minister Ian Pearson told MPs last week: "We are keen to hear of any
instance where banks are unaware of the schemes. We will follow these reports
up.

"All the banks have submitted loans and we are in communication with them all,
so we are anxious to hear about examples where communication inside the banks
does not seem to be working."

'' THERE DOESN'T SEEM TO BE ANY POINT IN SCHEMES LIKE THIS IF THEY ARE NOT
LENDING ANY MONEY TO PEOPLE

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Over a barrel: when Stephen Harkin asked for an Enterprise Finance
Guarantee loan, his bank manager wanted him to put up his home as security
RICHARD STANTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 08, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Registrar rejects 49 medical scheme options for being unfair to members

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 797 words


The Registrar of Medical Schemes this week published the names of the medical
schemes whose benefit options for next year have not been approved. But fewer
options met with Patrick Masobe's disapproval this year compared with last year.

Masobe has declined to approve 49 benefit options, which represent 26 percent of
the 186 options submitted to his office by 37 open medical schemes this year.

Last year, 41 percent of all open medical scheme options were initially not
approved.

Masobe says this year schemes have made better provision for the prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs) - the benefits to which all members are entitled - and
have, for example, taken more care to identify designated service providers that
members must use for the PMBs.

Schemes have also been mindful of the fact that the registrar's office would
turn down high contribution increases that schemes could not justify, Masobe
says.

Nevertheless, some medical schemes have failed to justify high increases - often
coupled with benefit reductions - or high non-healthcare expenses, and Masobe
has therefore refused to register those options that his office regards as
unfair to members.

The following options on open schemes have yet to be approved:

u All three of the options on Community Medical Scheme because they had high
non-healthcare expenditure;

u All the options on Compcare Medical Scheme, which is amalgamating with Lifemed
and Cimas;

u Five of the existing eight options on Fedhealth because they had a "high
reduction in benefits and an increase in contributions";

u All the options on Genesis Medical Scheme, which won a High Court case to have
its rules approved earlier this year but is now facing an appeal by Masobe in
the Supreme Court of Appeal because the registrar is of the view that the
scheme's benefit structure is inconsistent with legislation;

u Both options offered by Humanity Medical Aid Scheme (previously KwaZulu-Natal
Medical Aid Scheme) because of substantial reductions in benefits and increases
in contributions;

u One option on Liberty Health Medical Scheme that in the registrar's view is
"not sustainable financially and in terms of membership";

u All four options on Medicover that had a high reduction in benefits and an
increase in contributions;

u Nine of the 15 options on Momentum Health, eight of which had a substantial
reduction in benefits and an increase in contributions, and one of which was
regarded as being not financially sound and sustainable;

u Five of the eight options on Oxygen because they had high contribution
increases;

u Two of the seven options on Pharos because they had high contribution
increases;

u All four options on Resolution Health because they had high non-healthcare
expenses and high contribution increases;

u All Sizwe Medical Fund's options, which had high non-healthcare expenses; and

u All Telemed's options, which had poor provision for the PMBs.

Malcolm Kahn, the chairman of Fedhealth's board of trustees, says the scheme had
raised by 15 percent the threshold amount at which members could access
above-threshold benefits, but had now resubmitted its rules with the threshold
set at the same level as it was this year.

In addition, Fedhealth had explained the need for its contribution increases,
which were in the order of 12.9 percent on average.

Kahn says one of the reasons for the high contribution increase was that the
scheme provides good benefits, which provide cover at 300 percent of National
Health Reference Price List prices.

Gé Vermeulen, a senior manager at Sizwe Medical Fund, says the scheme has
provided the information Masobe needs and believes its options will now be
approved. He says the scheme has been cutting costs wherever it can.

Lee-Ann du Toit, Momentum Health's chief actuary, says the scheme is still
engaged in discussions with Masobe's office and hopes to resolve the issues as
soon as possible.

Du Toit says Momentum believes its increases, which average 13.55 percent, are
justifiable. The increases take into account the long-term sustainability of
Momentum Health and have a small element of cross-subsidisation to ensure that
the scheme has affordable options across the board, she says.

James van Vught, the principal officer of Oxygen, says most of Oxygen's members
belong to two options that have been approved.

He says the scheme believes it can justify its increases on the affected options
in light of the huge increase in hospital admissions and the loss of
low-claiming government employee members to the Government Employees Medical
Scheme, both of which have hit Oxygen hard.

Masobe urged medical scheme members to exercise caution when signing up for an
option that will be available next year that has not yet obtained the necessary
approval, because benefits and contribution rates could change.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            January 5, 2006 Thursday

Public: Pensions: Non-members needn't apply: Staff can move within the public
sector and hope to carry their pensions with them, but club rules are set to
become more demanding, according to Sean Reynolds

BYLINE: Sean Reynolds

SECTION: PUBLIC; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 720 words


Public sector pensions form a significant part of employees' remuneration
packages, as recent disputes have shown. So whether you are employed in local
government, the NHS or education, it will be a matter of some concern that when
you move to another job - either within the public sector or under outsourcing
arrangements to the private sector - you may not be able to continue to
participate in your current pension scheme.

Most public sector workers are covered by what is known as the transfer club.
Under this arrangement, employees who move from central government to local
government, say, or from the police to the NHS, can essentially take their
accumulated pension with them. Over 200 schemes are members.

Through a simplified means of calculating the transfer value, the new scheme
treats the employee as having much the same level of accrued pension as in the
old scheme. Benefits are calculated according to the number of years' worked and
the salary earned. Most public sector schemes operate on the basis that for each
year worked, you accrue an entitlement to one-eightieth of your final salary.

If the schemes are both members of the club (like the civil service scheme or
the teachers' scheme), since it all comes from the same pot, no money actually
changes hands and the transfer valuation is made simply to record the
obligations of the two schemes. But where the employee is transferring into or
from a public sector scheme outside the club or the private sector, the value of
the accrued pension rights is paid.

Take the example of a 40-year-old female, earning £30,000 as a policy adviser at
the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, who takes up a post in
local government on the same salary. If she had worked for Defra since 1990, she
would have 15 years pensionable service. So the trustees of the Defra scheme and
the trustees of the local government scheme would agree between them to credit
the equivalent value of 15 years pensionable service to the local government
scheme, but no money would change hands.

However, if she moved to a public sector employer that was outside the scheme
(for example the National Museum of Wales, which withdrew from the transfer club
in 2004) then she could either leave her accrued benefits in the Defra scheme
until retirement, or transfer to the museum's scheme. In this case money would
change hands.

While the pension years may stay the same, the terms of the new scheme will
still apply so the retirement age may be higher, or the benefits payable on
retirement may be different. And this may make a considerable difference to the
ultimate value of the pension benefits received. In general, the longer
established the public sector pension scheme, the more generous its benefits, so
transferring to a newer scheme is likely to mean a reduction in benefits.

But the transfer club is only available to individuals and does not apply to
cases where individuals or groups of employees are outsourced to the private
sector.

So while an IT specialist who leaves the Department of Trade and Industry for
the Audit Commission would be credited with a broadly equivalent benefit in the
Audit Commission's scheme, if the DTI were to outsource its IT to IBM, say,
staff could either stay in the civil service scheme or join IBM's.

It is also unclear how proposed changes to public sector pensions will affect
transfers. The civil service scheme and a number of others are considering
changing how benefits are calculated from a proportion of final salary to a
proportion of your average salary over the whole of your career. Moves are also
afoot in some schemes to change contribution rates. Civil service pension
benefits were radically reduced to new entrants in 2002, and further changes
seem likely.

Quite how this will impact in future on the transferability of jobs between
public sector employers is unclear. Those enjoying generous pension benefits in
the public sector will wish to be assured of equivalent benefits in any new
post, so the cost of pension transfers will increase. With that in mind, it is
hard to see how the transfer club can be maintained in its current format as not
all pension transfers would, in the long term, be as revenue neutral as they
broadly are now.

Sean Reynolds is a senior employment solicitor at Hempsons solicitors

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                             June 29, 2003, Sunday

Britain's two-tier workforce Companies are awarding employees in identical jobs
different pay rises because they belong to different pension schemes. Robert
Watts reports

BYLINE: By Robert Watts

SECTION: Pg. 07

LENGTH: 1109 words

A new and unsettling form of discrimination between employees is emerging in UK
plc. It relates to the remuneration packages of staff who save in different
kinds of pension schemes. And it could prove to be one of the most explosive
consequences of the pensions crisis gripping many of our biggest companies.

What appears to be happening is that some employers are adjusting pay rises for
staff depending on the kind of pension scheme they have.

Many companies are now running two types of scheme for their staff. So-called
defined benefit schemes provide guaranteed payouts based on an employee's final
salary, whereas defined contribution schemes invest funds over an employee's
working life and their eventual value depends on the performance of those
investments.

Over the past three years, plunging equity markets have exposed that defined
benefit schemes are expensive for companies. So many of them have been forced to
take drastic action to limit their liabilities to these schemes.

For example, Woolworths, the retailer, said last week that new employees would
have to work five years longer than existing staff to secure their full payouts.

Meanwhile, Mercer, one of the UK's biggest pension consultants, has joined J
Sainsbury, Safeway, Axa and John Lewis by urging employees to increase their
contributions to the pension scheme.

However, the majority of big companies, including Marks & Spencer, Dixons and W
H Smith, have closed final salary schemes to new employees. Just 19 per cent of
companies now offer all their staff the option of joining a defined benefit
scheme, according to the National Association of Pension Funds.

This trend has precipitated a curious anomaly within these companies: the full
cost to a business of giving an identical pay rise to identical staff on the
same salaries can be starkly different, depending on whether the relevant
employee is in the final salary scheme or in the defined contribution scheme.

The reason is that every pound of extra pay given to someone in a final salary
scheme commits the company to paying that employee a proportionately higher
pension - and that means that its liability to the pension scheme as a whole
goes up.

It was this painful logic that persuaded the Financial Services Authority,
earlier this year, to decide that staff who are members of its defined
contribution scheme would receive a pay rise of 6.7 per cent, while employees in
the final salary scheme would get just 4.2 per cent.

And leading remuneration consultants say that the FSA will not be an isolated
case. "Many companies that have closed their defined benefit schemes and opened
up defined contribution schemes are considering paying higher basic salaries [to
those in the DC schemes]," says Michael Hammer, a senior consultant at Towers
Perrin, the pay experts hired by half of the FTSE100 index companies.

Meanwhile, The Sunday Telegraph disclosed a fortnight ago that Xansa, the
information technology group, is already paying higher basic salaries to staff
in its defined contribution scheme than to those in the defined benefit one.

The ratonale seems strictly commercial. How can a company give identical pay
rises to all employees if one group is far more expensive for the business?

But the consequences for staff morale and unity may be damaging. "How do you
communicate to a member of staff that they are only receiving a 1 per cent pay
rise, when their colleague at the next desk doing the same job will receive a
rise of 4 per cent?" asks Peter Christie, a senior partner at the consultants
Watson Wyatt.

"The ramifications for office life could be huge," warns Deborah Cooper, a
partner at Mercer.

She explains how the trend could be seen as grotesquely unfair. "A member of
staff in a defined contribution scheme could be paid more and could therefore
afford a bigger mortgage and a better house, just because they belong to a
particular type of pension scheme."

The issue - predictably enough - is spurring trade union activism. Apparently,
more than 100 of the FSA's 1,800 employees joined Unify, the trade union of the
financial services sector, following the bifurcation of pay rises.

And questions are being raised as to the legality of varying pay rises in this
way. Employment lawyers believe that defined benefit members with lower
increments might be able to make a case for discrimination to an industrial
tribunal.

"An employee could argue that it was not apparent on joining a firm that growth
of their salary would be restricted if they joined the final salary scheme,"
says Dan Schaffer, a pension and employment partner at Freshfields Bruckhaus
Deringer, the international law firm.

Lawyers draw an analogy with Equitable Life's legal battle over guaranteed
annuity rates which it lost following a crucial House of Lords decision in July
2000.

Between the 1950s and the 1980s the life insurer sold guaranteed annuity rate
policies. These promised to pay a minimum annuity level on retirement as well as
offering annual bonus payments as the fund grew.

Equitable attempted to offset the huge liabilities it was facing on these
guarantees by paying lower bonus payments for the 90,000 guaranteed annuity
policyholders, but in 2000 the House of Lords ruled against Equitable's two-tier
bonus structure.

Anyway, members of defined benefit schemes could argue that just as Equitable's
guaranteed policyholders had a right to equal treatment when it came to bonuses,
they have similar rights in respect of pay rises.

The implications for how staff are promoted are also troubling. When a business
has two pension schemes, it may be in its interest to promote a member of staff
in the cheaper defined contribution scheme over an employee in the more
expensive defined benefit scheme.

Businesses certainly don't lack determination when it comes to saving money on
their pension commitments. A recent study by the Association of Consulting
Actuaries found that employers are pouring half as much into defined
contribution schemes as into defined benefit schemes.

And in a strategy which sets employment lawyers twitching, some companies may be
trying to persuade defined benefit schemes members to move to defined
contribution schemes in a process called "luring".

Those willing to change to a defined contribution scheme are promised a higher
salary or improvements to other benefits, such as share options, health cover,
holiday, life insurance or a company car.

"The employer must be very, very careful how they explain what the employee is
giving up," says Schaffer. "This alone has the potential to be the next great
mis-selling crisis."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              700 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

Pensions Board in U-turn over 'tough' deadlines

SECTION: BUSINESS; Irish Business

LENGTH: 523 words


THE regulator for company pensions is to give firms and trustees more time to
come up with plans to restructure their schemes, just months after insisting
that tough new rules and deadlines would have to be met.

In what amounts to an embarrassing climbdown, the Pensions Board has now told
those running schemes they will get until next summer to come up with plans to
sort out their schemes.

The deadlines were originally imposed along with strict new rules that have
prompted the sponsors of a number of schemes to decide to wind them up.

AIB, IBEC and Arnotts are among companies turning their backs on defined benefit
schemes, blaming the new Pensions Board rules, and tight deadlines to come up
with restructuring plans under the new regulations.

Some eight out of 10 defined benefit plans in the private sector are in deficit,
with the Pensions Board originally demanding detailed plans on how to
restructure them to be submitted to it from the end of this year. The board had
wanted the 1,000 schemes to set out how the deficit will be reduced by 2023.
Some schemes had a deadline of the end of this year, with others given until the
end of May.

But now the Pensions Board has rowed back in the face of sustained pressure from
trustees and scheme sponsors. All schemes that are in deficit will now have
until the end of June next year to submit restructuring proposals.

The deadlines for restructuring proposals were put in place along with tough,
new rules forcing schemes to put aside more reserves and to invest in bonds
rather than equities.

Priority

For schemes that are in deficit, restructuring plans will mean a cut in the
retirement benefits for younger members -- with some active members facing the
loss of more than half of the pensions benefits they thought they had in place.

Defined-benefit schemes promise to pay a pension based on the final salary and
the number of years the member was in the scheme.

The new funding rules set out how schemes must clear their deficits within a
decade and demand that between 10pc and 20pc of the scheme's liabilities will
have to be set aside if the scheme invests in what is considered risky assets
such as equities.

A statement from the Pensions Board yesterday said: "This decision is to allow
trustees additional time to fully explore all options available to address
scheme funding deficits.

"The board expects there will be no lessening of the efforts by trustees to
resolve scheme deficits as a result of the additional time."

Jerry Moriarty, of the Irish Association of Pension Funds,said he had called for
the deadline to be delayed.

He said there was now also a need for a easing of the new rules that require
schemes that are being restructured to put aside 10 to 20pc of the liability as
a "risk reserve". Most European countries were moving away from this, he said.

The Pensions Board had engaged consultancy firm Mercer to review the priority
order for schemes that are being wound up. At the moment pensioners get first
call on scheme assets.

It makes sense to delay imposing funding proposal deadlines until the priority
order review is completed, Mr Moriarty said.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                 July 11, 2016

Irrigation's next phase to tap into??connectivity

BYLINE: Caitlin Jarvis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 420  words


A plan to propel the state's irrigation infrastructure to the next stage is
under way at Tasmanian Irrigation (TI), with a shift in focus from new schemes
to connectivity.

TI has conducted a study of scheme structure across Tasmania to explore
potential connectivity, enhancement and modernisation of existing irrigation
schemes. The project also explored development of potential new schemes that may
enhance economic development by the movement of water to its highest economic
use.

The Tasmania Future Irrigation Project builds on the successful delivery of
irrigation schemes since 2010.

Irrigation schemes from the first suite of locations have all been delivered,
with 10 locations fully operational as part of tranche one that ran from
2010-2015.

The next five schemes, that are included in tranche two (2016-2018), are on
their way to being delivered, with two fully operational and three being built.

Tasmanian Irrigation (TI) chief executive Nicola Morris said conversations
between TI and industry leaders and the government had begun openly talking
about tranche three but those schemes would not come online until the completion
of tranche two, expected in 2018.

She said the focus of tranche three would be on how to enhance the existing
schemes, through connectivity, and also how to add value to their existing
infrastructure.

'We want to invest in the next stage of irrigation, that could look like brand
new schemes or enhance or interconnect schemes,' Ms Morris said.

A report from TI to the state government, handed down in May, suggests hydro
power could be a way TI could add value to the schemes into the future, with
investment in green fields infrastructure.

Ms Morris said connecting schemes would give more freedom to farmers subscribed
to the scheme as it opened up opportunity for buying and selling between
farmers.

Tranche two schemes include: the Southern Highlands, Duck, Scottsdale, North Esk
and the Swan Valley schemes. Two of the five are complete and three are in
varying stages of completion.

A $20 million investment package was announced in June to develop the Swan
Valley scheme, on the East Coast, as well as funds to support a feasibility
study to explore potential new sites for schemes across the state.The
construction of the Swan Valley scheme is expected to create 16 full time jobs.

During the election campaign, the Federal Minister for Agriculture and Water
Resources Barnaby Joyce announced $1.78 million funding for the feasibility
study for Tasmania's Future Irrigation Project.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

NZX Announcement (June 24, 2016): Chairman's Address to Shareholders

LENGTH: 1216  words

DATELINE: New York



 Wellington: NZX Limited has issued the following news release:



 Chairman's Address to Shareholders

 10:50am, 24 Jun 2016 | S/A



 Following is the text of the addresses to be given by the Chairman and related
presentation slides to be presented at a meeting of the Company's shareholders
convened to consider the proposal from Hanesbrands Inc. to acquire (through its
subsidiary) all of the shares in Pacific Brands via a Scheme of Arrangement. The
meeting of the Company's shareholders commences at 10.00 am today.





 &emsp;

 Good morning ladies and gentlemen,

 Introduction

 I'm Peter Bush, Chairman of your Company and I welcome you to this important
Scheme Meeting for Pacific Brands.

 Before we proceed, I ask that any mobile devices are turned off.

 I have confirmed with the Company Secretary that we have a quorum present and I
declare this meeting open.

 Joining me on stage are:

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] David Bortolussi, our Chief Executive Officer

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] David Muscat, our Chief Financial Officer

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] John Grover, our General Counsel and Company Secretary

 And my fellow non-executive directors:

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Stephen Goddard, Chair of our Audit, Business Risk and
Compliance Committee

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Kiera Grant

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] James King

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Helen Nash, Chair of our People & Remuneration
Committee; and

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Linda Nicholls AO

 There will be an opportunity to ask questions during the meeting, should you so
wish.&emsp;

 Overview of the Scheme

 Ladies and Gentlemen, today is a significant day in the history of Pacific
Brands. Today, shareholders will be asked to vote on a proposed scheme of
arrangement pursuant to which a subsidiary of Hanesbrands Inc. will acquire 100%
of Pacific Brands' shares for A$1.15 per share in cash, comprising:

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] a fully franked special dividend of 9.4 cents per share;
and

 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] cash consideration under the scheme of $1.056 per share

 Hereafter I will refer to this arrangement as the Scheme.

 Pacific Brands is Australia's leading underwear and home furnishing company.
The Scheme proposal is an acknowledgement of the work done over the past two
years that has seen the Board and management team under David Bortolussi's
leadership reshape and simplify the business to focus on our highest quality
brands and improve operational performance.

 Our people are some of the best in the industry and they are central to what
makes this company and our brands so special. I would like to take this
opportunity to acknowledge and thank Pacific Brands' current and past employees.
I would also like to thank my fellow Directors and our executive team for their
contribution.

 And finally I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your support.

 The purpose of this meeting is to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the
following resolution, which is set out in the notice of meeting contained in
Annexure D of the Scheme Booklet:

 "That, pursuant to and in accordance with section 411 of the Corporations Act
2001, the Scheme of Arrangement (the terms of which are described in the Scheme
Booklet of which the notice convening this meeting forms part) is agreed to
(with or without modification as approved by the Supreme Court of Victoria)."

 In order for the resolution to be passed, it must be agreed to by:

 o a majority in number of shareholders of Pacific Brands present and voting at
the meeting (either in person or by proxy); and

 o at least 75% of the total number of votes cast on the resolution at the
meeting by shareholders of Pacific Brands present and voting at the meeting
(either in person or by proxy).

 Reasons to vote in favour of the Scheme

 Your Board of Directors spent significant effort considering and negotiating
the offer from Hanesbrands Inc. This included the Board undertaking a range of
analyses to understand the value of the company on a standalone basis and
alternative strategic options. Your Directors and the management team also
facilitated a thorough due diligence process conducted by Hanesbrands Inc.,
which resulted in the Scheme being proposed to shareholders today.

 The Scheme Booklet sets out the numerous reasons why the Pacific Brands Board
recommends you vote in favour of the Scheme, and these are summarised on this
page.

 The Scheme is compelling for shareholders, representing attractive value for
your shares. Furthermore, Hanesbrands Inc. can provide Pacific Brands with the
opportunity to accelerate the growth of our iconic brands, which will deliver
positive opportunities for our employees, customers and consumers.

 The Independent Expert, Grant Samuel & Associates, has also concluded that the
Scheme is fair and reasonable, and therefore is in the best interests of
shareholders in the absence of a superior proposal. A copy of the Independent
Expert's Report is included in Annexure A of the Scheme Booklet.

 The Board can confirm that no competing proposal has been received to date by
Pacific Brands and the Pacific Brands Directors are not in discussions with any
other interested third parties.

 I can also provide an update on Pacific Brands' application to the Australian
Taxation Office, requesting a Class Ruling to confirm the key taxation
implications of the Scheme. The ATO has provided the company with a draft Class
Ruling, the content of which is consistent with the general overview of the tax
implications contained in the Scheme Booklet, including the implications of the
fully franked Special Dividend. I note that the draft Class Ruling is not
legally binding on the ATO and only a final Class Ruling can be relied on by
Scheme Shareholders. Pacific Brands expects the final Class Ruling to be issued
in early August. When this is released, it will be available on the ATO website.


 Your Directors have carefully considered the proposed Scheme and unanimously
recommend that shareholders should vote in favour of the resolution. Each
Director intends, in relation to any shares held or controlled by them, to vote
in favour of the Scheme at today's meeting.

 Why you may wish to vote against

 Although the Scheme is recommended unanimously by your Directors, and the
Independent Expert has concluded that the Scheme is in the best interests of
Pacific Brands Shareholders, factors which may lead you to consider voting
against the Scheme are set out in the Scheme Booklet.

 Timetable to implementation

 If the Scheme is approved by Pacific Brands shareholders, the Second Court
Hearing will take place at 2.00pm on Monday, 27 June 2016 at the Supreme Court
of Victoria. The Court's approval of the Scheme is the final condition of the
Scheme.

 &emsp;

 If the Court approves the Scheme, a copy of the Court order approving the
Scheme will be lodged with ASIC and the Scheme will become effective. Pacific
Brands will apply to the ASX for shares to be suspended from official quotation
on the ASX from close of trade on this day.

 Shareholders on the register at 7.00pm on Thursday, 30 June 2016 will be
entitled to receive the special dividend of 9.4 cents per share, expected to be
paid on Thursday, 7 July 2016. Shareholders on the register at 7.00pm on Friday,
8 July 2016 will be entitled to receive the cash consideration of $1.056 per
share, expected to be paid on Friday, 15 July 2016.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Qaim directs conversation of water supply schemes on solar system

SECTION: Vol. 09 No. 48

LENGTH: 693  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has directed Public Health Engineering
(PHE)  and  Rural Development Department (RDD) to convert their water supply
schemes on solar system so that water supply to small villages could be made
uninterrupted.

This he said while presiding over a meeting regarding the development schemes of
PHE and RDD here at the Cm House today. Those who attended the meeting include,
Senior Minister for Finance  and  Energy Syed Murad Ali Shah,  Special Assistant
to CM for PHE  and  RDD Fayaz Butt, Chief Secretary Siddique Memon, Additional
Chief Secretary (Dev) Aijaz Ali Khan, Principal Secretary to CM Alamuddin Bullo,
Secretary PHE  and  RDD Imran Atta Soomro, chief engineers PHE  and  RDD and
other concerned staff.

Chief Engineering PH and E Nafees Shaikh said that over all 139 schemes,
including 66 water supply and 73 drainage schemes were going on at cost of
Rs1993.583 million against which the finance department has released Rs1706.236
million and so far the utilization of the released funds is Rs888.864 million.

He said that 59 new schemes, including 27 water supply and 32 drainage schemes
have been identified for which the government has allocated Rs490.659 million.
"These schemes are at the final stage of the approval and would be launched
shortly," he said.

Talking about rehabilitation of non-functional schemes, the chief engineer said
that 100 are water supply and other 100 are drainage schemes. Their
rehabilitation cost has been approved at Rs2900 million, out of which Rs1821.994
million have been released. Over Rs916 million have been utilized out of the
released amount.

Replying to a question the chief engineer said that 57 water supply and drainage
schemes would be completed by the end of 2015-16. On this the chief minister
directed the Additional Aijaz Ali Khan to conduct inspection of each and every
scheme being completed by the end of current financial year. "Most of the
schemes of PHE are not up to the mark in terms of their quality and utility," he
said.

Secretary PHE and RDD Imran Atta Soomro said that PHE construct schemes and then
handover to the concerned community. The community usually fails to operate the
scheme due to lack of funds. The chief minister directed the chief secretary to
work out a proposal either to hand over the schemes to local government to
create a repair and maintenance wing in the PHE so that community could take
benefit from these schemes.

The chief engineer RDD said that his department has focused different sectors
such as link roads (farm to market roads), water supply  and  sanitation,
coastal area water supply and sanitation, water supply to brackish water zones,
environment (CC block pavements), rehabilitation of hand pumps contaminated from
arsenic in rural areas, mobile drinking water testing and safety measures
advisory project and solar street lights.

He said that in the different sectors this year 26 schemes have been launched
Rs1 billion. The chief minister said that the scheme of mobile drinking water
testing  and  safety measures advisory project would be of great importance.

"In this way the government would be able to collect data of the areas where
unhealthy water exists. This would help the government to formulate new schemes
according to the data collected RDD," he said.

Talking about solar streetlights, the chief minister said that solar street
lights schemes have become so popular in the rural areas that every one asking
for such schemes.

Finance Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah said that the companies installing solar
light must have a complete infrastructure to main them round the year.

CM's advisor on PHE  and  RDD Fayaz Butt said that he was making such contracts
with the companies which not only install solar lights but keep them
maintaining. "In order to avoid theft of the lights and ensure quality work I
have involved deputy commissioners by constituting monitoring committees under
them." he said.

The chief minister in his concluding remarks urged the ACD (development) to
further strengthen his monitoring system to ensure quality of the schemes and
keep him sending his reports with necessary recommendation.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

Only 7% of Funds Spent On 3.6 Lakh Disabled Persons of State

LENGTH: 750  words


SRINAGAR: More than 3.6 Lakh disabled persons -under various categories and who
are dependent on their families and society at large for sustenance -receive
just 7 percent of the total funds meant for the alleviation of their misery and
financial support.

A large number of these have been disabled due to landmine explosions, shelling
along the line of control and in militancy related violence.

As per available data,   the number of disabled persons who have been directly
hit by militancy stands at 55,549. The number of persons who have been disabled
by accidents are 20,345, number of persons who have been disabled by landmine
explosions are 14,456 and by other reasons are 13,455.

Despite having nearly 3.6 lakh disabled persons in the Valley only 1 lakh
disabled people have been identified. The state appears to have either no plan
or does not care about these persons.

Sources reveal that the schemes which have been implemented in Jammu and Kashmir
are State Disability Pension Scheme, Rehabilitation of Militancy Victims, Indira
Gandhi National Disability Pension Scheme.

The State disability scheme- administered by Social Welfare Department- is known
as Integrated Social Security Scheme in the state of Jammu and Kashmir. Under
this scheme Rs. 400 is granted monthly to disabled persons.  Shockingly, data
reveal that there are less than thousand disabled persons registered under this
scheme.

While as nearly 20 lakh rupees  are disbursed  by both the  state and central
governments under this scheme, the number of beneficiaries is not proportionate
and commensurate with these funds. The amount released to these beneficiaries is
less than 4 lakh rupees per month and less than 48 lakh rupees annually.
Disaggregated, this means that the state receives annually 2 crore and 40 lakh
rupees under this scheme but only 12 percent of money is given to the disabled
persons.

The need is to minimize the impact of social damage for these disabled persons.
This has long term effect on the society and on the disabled victims.

Under rehabilitation of militancy victim's scheme, the number of disabled
persons registered under the scheme is nearly 700, receiving a monthly
honorarium of 750 rupees. According to documents, the state receives 2.65 crore
under this scheme but only 7 percent of amount is given to the beneficiaries.
Out of

55, 549 victims only 700 disabled persons are receiving the said amount.

The Central government implemented Indira Gandhi National Disability Pension
Scheme in Jammu and Kashmir in the year 2011. Under this scheme the central
government annually releases 3.67 crore for more than forty thousand
beneficiaries but only 4000 people are registered under this scheme receiving a
monthly honorium of 350 rupees. The state government spends 8.45 percent amount
under this scheme.

Since the past two financial years, no provision has been made to register more
disabled persons under these schemes as most disabled  persons have little if
any information regarding these schemes ;they also don't have information of how
to apply for these kinds of schemes. The irony is that state government is least
bothered about it and do not appear to care for the disabled. The total fund
spent under various schemes is just 6 percent which is quite shocking.

The government has not even set up monitoring panels at district, village or
state level to check the progress of these schemes. The state government also
has made no provision for other facilities like bus concession fee, scholarships
and other related facilities. Despite repeated phone calls, the Minster for
Social welfare Ms Asiya Naqash could not be contacted for further details.

These shocking revelations suggest the level and intensity of apathy and
indifference by the state government towards the most vulnerable section and
segment of our society. It is largely because of our social structure - with the
family as the provider and care taker of individuals- that these individuals
survive; not the meager amounts disbursed by the government and that too only to
a few. Where is the rest of the money going? The answer is obvious: leakages
(graft) and corruption may explain the balance  (a huge amount) amount. Graft
and corruption is common in the state but what is shocking is that this is being
done towards the most vulnerable section of our society. This is not only
shameful but also despicable. It is time then that the Government takes strict
notice and action against these fraudulent and vile elements.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                               September 05, 2015
                                   E1 Edition

SA investors warned of 'ponzi scam';
Russian fraudster behind online scheme in which millions lost cash

BYLINE:  CARYN DOLLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 623 words


A RUSSIAN fraudster convicted of running one of that country's biggest pyramid
schemes in the 1990s, in which millions of people lost their life savings, is
now in charge of an operation with the same name in South Africa.

The MMM scheme, founded by convict Sergey Mavrodi and known locally as MMM South
Africa, entices investors by advertising that in a month they will make a 30
percent profit.

This week the Communist Party of the Russian Federation sent an e-mail to the
SACP warning about the scheme.

Thousands of South Africans are believed to have registered as investors in the
intricate money-exchange scheme, and a consultant at MMM South Africa claimed
138 million people from 107 countries had signed up to it.

This week the scheme set off alarm bells and even reached the head of the
National Consumer Commission, Ebrahim Mohamed, who yesterday got an SMS from MMM
offering a 30 percent monthly return on investments.

National Consumer Commission spokesman Trevor Hattingh said Mohamed would refer
the matter to the commission's enforcement and investigation division soon.

"The matter needs to be assessed by the (commission) to establish the origins of
MMM, and to study their business practices.

"In the meantime, consumers are strongly advised to not participate in what
could very well be an outlawed pyramid scheme, where their monies could in all
probability be lost," Hattingh said.

The apparent mastermind of the scheme is Mavrodi.

Videos of him talking about the scheme in Russian, subtitled in English, are
regularly posted on the scheme's South African Facebook page.

In the latest video uploaded six days ago, subtitles quote him saying: "The
development in South Africa is just marvellous... But nevertheless, you must
keep developing the system. Don't rest on laurels. Tell people how good and kind
this system is, and that everyone gets paid here."

This week the Communist Party of the Russian Federation warned about schemes it
said Mavrodi was running in South Africa, India and the Philippines.

In an e-mail alert to the SACP on Wednesday, the Russian Federation said: "We
consider it our duty to warn our fraternal peoples that this activity may result
in bankrupting millions of people.

"We would like you to know that, as a result of such swindles in Russia, at
least 15 million people suffered and went bankrupt."

Eight years ago The Moscow Times reported Mavrodi, who at one stage was a
Russian MP, had been convicted of masterminding the initial MMM scheme.

A judge found he defrauded MMM investors "by deception, betrayal and abuse of
trust".

"MMM was the first and the biggest in a series of financial pyramids that hit
Russia in the 1990s. Mavrodi was found guilty of defrauding 10 000 investors out
of 110 million rubles, though in reality millions of people lost money in the
scheme."

"Some 2 million to 10 million people lost their savings when the pyramid scheme
folded in July 1994."

Mavrodi was sentenced to four-and-a-half years in jail. It appears MMM schemes
then resurfaced in 2011.

Yesterday Financial Services Board spokesman Lesego Mashigo said it was aware of
the South African scheme, but because it had no mandate to investigate pyramid
or ponzi schemes, it had referred the matter to the National Consumer
Commission.

Hawks spokesman Hangwani Mulaudzi said officers knew of the original MMM scheme
that scammed millions in Russia, but were unaware of a South African version.

The MMM South Africa website says the scheme is "a community where people help
each other". The "help" is transferred funds. Investors can be awarded bonuses,
including a referral bonus.

Independent Media was unable to contact Mavrodi.

Questions about the scheme put to the scheme's consultants had not been answered
by last night.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

JK govt fails to utilize crores of rupees under central scheme Sabla

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, June 1 -- The Jammu and Kashmir government has failed to utilize the
central assistance in crores under Sabla scheme to improve nutrition and health
status of children here.

The basic objectives of the Rajiv Gandhi Scheme for Empowerment of Adolescent
Girls (RGSEAG) Sabla, is to enable self-development and empowerment of
adolescent girls, improvement in their health and nutrition status, spread
awareness about health, hygiene, nutrition, adolescent reproductive and sexual
health, family and child-care. The programme also aims at upgrading their
home-based skills, life skills and vocational skills.

Sabla has two major components; one, a nutrition component for 'out-of-school
girls' in the age group of 11 to 14 years, and for 'all the girls' in the age
group of 14 to 18 years; and second, non-nutrition component for 'out-of-school'
adolescent girls in the age group of 11 to 18 years and a vocational training
under National Skill Development Programme for girls in the age group of 16 to
18 years.

As per the documents available with this newspaper, the Social Welfare Ministry
of former NC-Congress-led government has failed miserably to use accessible
funds under this scheme.

Documents reveal that "initially J&K had around Rs 65.46 crore available with it
under Sabla, however, the state failed to use the amount and this unspent
balance kept escalating with every passing month."

"Ending 2014, Union Ministry of Women and Child Development again released Rs
292.12 crore to this state under this scheme, but the utilization part was not
only miserable but appalling," documents reveal.

As the scheme has both nutrition and non-nutrition components, "the total money
available with the state government was around Rs 357.58 crore (Rs 65.46+292.12
cr). Out of these funds, J&K could spend just Rs 16.05 crore in the last two
financial years," reveal the documents.

"J&K has reported around 66000 beneficiaries under this scheme; however, the
non-utilization or scanty utilization of central assistance had resulted in
denial of benefits to huge number of needy persons," sources said.

One of the reasons attributed to the under-utilization of funds is
"non-convergence of scheme with developmental activities, schemes of other
ministries, departments such as Health, Education, Youth Affairs, Labor, etc.,"
reads it.

Report points out that under vocational training component of the scheme, the
state has yet again failed miserably to join this scheme with National Skill
Development Programme and other existing schemes.

"For entry/re-entry into formal schools and motivation to do the same,
coordination with Department School Education and Literacy (which was important)
was never established," reads a report in this regard.

"No efforts were made by the department here to ensure that synergy is
established with schemes of Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports also for the
life skills education of AGs," reads the report.

The report maintains that the state has failed even to set-up monitoring
committees at all levels (national, state, district, block and village-levels).
"If this could have been done, then they could meet at specified intervals and
take stock of the progress of the scheme and also strengthen the coordination
convergence between concerned departments. However, again this was not done by
the department concerned here."

Though nutrition aspect of the scheme had taken off to some extent "but a lot
more was required to be done in the non-nutrition aspect to derive maximum
benefits out of this scheme," reads the report.

Valley-based social activist and lawyer Abdul Rashid Hanjoora says, "It's not
Sabla alone, but scheme like State Disability Pension Scheme, Integrated Child
Development Scheme, Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana (IGMSY), Rashtriya Bal
Kosh (National Childrens' Fund) etc., proved almost failure on ground here."

One of the biggest reason for the failure of these schemes, he says is that
these schemes lack publicity/awareness among masses. "The officers concerned are
not serious about doing their jobs. Then, if a beneficiary somehow comes to know
about the scheme, he/she doesn't really know how and whom to see for it,"
Hanjura pointed out.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                    February 28, 2015 Saturday 2:56 PM  EST

8 CENTRALLY SPONSORED SCHEMES DELINKED FROM SUPPORT OF CENTRE, 24 SCHEMES TO BE
RUN WITH CHANGED SHARING PATTERN WHILE 31 SCHEMES WILL GET FULL SUPPORT OF
CENTRE

LENGTH: 925  words


NEW DELHI, Feb. 28 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The plan outlay of 2015-16 reflects the compositional shift in the allocations
for various Programmes and Schemes in view of high devolution; 42% of Union
Taxes, to States as per the recommendation of 14th Finance Commission. Making
his Budget Speech while presenting the General Budget 2015-16, the Finance
Minister, Shri Arun Jaitley said that consequent to this substantially higher
devolution, many schemes on the State subjects are to be delinked from Central
support. However, keeping in mind that some of these schemes represent national
priorities especially those targeted at poverty alleviation, Centre has decided
that it will continue to contribute to such schemes, the Minister added.
Besides, the schemes mandated by legal obligations and those backed by Cess
collection have been fully provided for.

As per the Budget 2015-16, centre has decided to support fully which are
targeted to the benefits of socially disadvantaged group. In case of some
Centrally Sponsored Schemes, the Centre: State funding pattern will undergo a
change with States to contribute higher share. Details of changes in sharing
pattern will have to be worked out by administrative Ministry/Department. The
details of Plan outlays in 2015-16 are to be seen against this backdrop.

In the General Budget 2015-16, there are 31 Schemes to be fully sponsored by the
Union Government, 8 Schemes have been delinked from support of the Centre and 24
Schemes will now be run with the changed sharing pattern.

To enhance public spending in the economy, Government has significantly enhanced
the capital expenditure despite fiscal pressure. In comparison to capital
spending of Rs. 192378 crore in RE 2014-15, the capital spending will be Rs.
241431 crore in 2015-16. This will be a growth of 25.5 per cent.

The list of Schemes (i) to be fully supported by Union Government (ii) to be
delinked from support of the Centre (iii) to be run with the Changed Sharing
Pattern is given below:-

(A) SCHEMES TO BE FULLY SUPPORTED BY UNION GOVERNMENT:

1. Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA)

2. Multi-Sectoral Development Programme for Minorities (MSDP)

3. Pre-Matric scholarship for children of those engaged in unclean occupation

4. Scholarship Schemes (Post and Pre-Matric) for SC, ST and OBCs

5. Support for machinery for Implementation of Protection of Civil Rights Act,
1955 and Prevention of Atrocities Act, 1989

6. National Programme for Persons with Disabilities

7. Scheme for providing Education to Minorities

8. Umbrella Scheme for education of ST children

9. Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana (IGMSY)

10. Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS)

11. Rajiv Gandhi Scheme for Empowerment of Adolescent Girls (RGSEAG)-SABLA

12. National Nutrition Mission

13. Scheme for Protection and Development of Women

14. Assistance for Schemes under Proviso (i) to article 275 (1) of the
Constitution

15. Special Central Assistance to Tribal Sub-plan

16. Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (Financed from Education Cess)

17. Mid Day Meal

18. Schemes of North Eastern Council

19. Special package for Bodoland Territorial Council

20. National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP) including Annapurna

21. Grants from Central Pool of Resources for North Eastern Region and Sikkim

22. Social Security for Unorganized Workers Scheme

23. Support to Educational Development including Teacher Training and Adult
Education

24. Border Area Development Programme

25. Member of Parliament Local Area Development Scheme (MPLADS)

26. Cess backed allocation for Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadhak Yojana (PMGSY)

27. Roads and Bridges financed from Central Road Fund

28. Project Tiger

29. Project Elephant

30. Additional Central Assistance for Externally Aided Projects (loan portion)

31. Additional Central Assistance for Externally Aided Projects (Grant portion)

(B) SCHEMES TO BE RUN WITH THE CHANGED SHARING PATTERN:

1. Cattle Development

2. Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture

3. Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana

4. National Livestock Mission

5. National Mission on Sustainable Agriculture

6. Dairy Vikas Abhiyaan

7. Veterinary Services and Animal Health

8. National Rural Drinking Water Programme

9. Swaccha Bharat Abhiyaan (Rural and Urban)

10. National Afforestation Programme

11. National Plan for Conservation of Aquatic Eco-system (NPCA)

12. National AIDS and STD Control programme

13. National health Mission

14. National Urban Livelihoods Mission (NULM)

15. Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan (RMSA)

16. Strategic Assistance for State Higher Education - Rashtriya Uchcha Shiksha
Abhiyan (RUSA)

17. For Development of Infrastructure Facilities for Judiciary

18. National Land Records Modernisation Programme

19. National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM)

20. Rural Housing-Housing for All

21. Integrated Child Development Service

22. Rajiv Gandhi Khel Abhiyan (RGKA) (erstwhile Panchayat Yuva Krida aur Khel
Abhiyan (PYKKA)

23. PMKSY (including Watershed programme and micro irrigation)

24. Impact Assessment Studies of AIBFMP

(C) SCHEMES DELINKED FROM SUPPORT OF THE CENTRE:

1. National e-Governance Plan

2. Backward Regions Grant Funds

3. Modernization of Police Forces

4. Rajiv Gandhi Panchayat Sashaktikaran Abhiyaan (RGPSA)

5. Scheme for Central Assistance to the States for developing export
infrastructure

6. Scheme for setting up of 6000 Model Schools

7. National Mission on Food processing

8. Tourist Infrastructure For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             August 2, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Equity aim of parental leave

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. B004

LENGTH: 1033  words


Equity aim of parental leave W hen the Labor government accepted the
recommendations of the Productivity Commission, and in 2011 introduced the
nation's first universal national scheme, it was estimated about 51 per cent of
women in the workforce already had access to employer-provided maternity leave.

Now, it is estimated about 95 per cent of working women have access to paid
leave from employer and the government schemes, now called parental leave. This
renaming is the start of policies encouraging both parents to share the care,
along with changes to the Fair Work Act.

The federal government has commissioned the Institute for Social Science
Research at the University of Queensland to evaluate the scheme.

The legislation requires a review of the scheme as well, and that is now being
finalised after a period of community consultation. The report is due with the
minister before the end of 2013, and will be tabled in each house of Parliament
within 15 sitting days of the minister receiving it. The reports so far of the
evaluation are available on the departmental website .

Meanwhile, the Australian Greens have released details of their new policy on
paid parental leave, a slightly modified and less costly version of the scheme
earlier proposed by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott. The Greens have embraced Mr
Abbott's plan to put a 1.5per cent levy on businesses with taxable incomes of
more than $5million. Parliamentary Budget Office costings show this would raise
$5.2billion of the total $7.1billion price tag for the minor party's scheme. A
comparison of the three schemes is available on www.nfaw.org with further
statistical data on the federal scheme to date.

The Australian Industry Group has since released its statement branding the
Liberals' and Greens' schemes as unaffordable and likely to lead to increased
costs being passed on to consumers.

The AIG has strongly endorsed the existing government paid parental leave scheme
.

The AIG said: "It would not be fair for some employees to receive $50,000 from
the Greens' scheme, while those on the minimum wage would receive less than one
third of this amount. Consistent benefits should be provided to employees on
parental leave.

"Some very large employers would be required to pay more than $100 million per
year for the 1.5 per cent levy on taxable income over $5 million.

"It is not logical or fair to require large employers to fund a paid parental
leave scheme for the whole country when most large employers have their own
generous paid parental leave schemes."

The Greens' costings are from the Parliamentary Budget Office, and give the
first real indication of the potential cost of the opposition proposal.

Administrative data from the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services
and Indigenous Affairs show, unsurprisingly, that those women with employer-
financed schemes tend to be in higher-income groups, or else covered by federal
or state schemes for their own employees.

However, these women are also able to claim, subject to a means and work test,
the federal government paid parental leave in addition to their employer scheme.

This means that for many women and their partners, leave is available for a
longer period than is available under the federal scheme (18 weeks). Mr Abbott
has suggested in door-stop interviews he could roll the existing federal
employees-paid parental leave scheme into his proposed scheme, which is to be
financed by a levy (which it seems is not the same as a tax). This would expand
the total cost of the proposal well beyond the Budget Office's estimate of $7.1
billion a year for the Greens' scheme.

One intention of the federal government, while financing its scheme from tax
revenue, was to encourage women to maintain contact with their original
employer, and to return to work with that employer. Hence, employers are
required to make the payments to their long-term eligible employees.

The federal government provides the funds to employers first. Women who do not
meet the criteria to be paid through their employer receive the payments
directly from Centrelink. Some women elect to claim the baby bonus payments as
their preferred alternative. The Abbott scheme suggests payments would be made
through the government's Family Assistance Office, along with other welfare
payments and employers would not have any role.

From the start of the scheme until March 31, 2013, 286,975 parents had claimed
parental leave pay from the government scheme.

In the 2011-12 financial year, just under half (43.5 per cent) of all new
mothers in Australia received parental leave pay.

Slightly older mothers (more likely to already be in the workforce) are more
likely to claim parental leave. The median income of recipients of the
government scheme at March 31 was $45,125. Of those parents receiving parental
leave pay at March 31, the majority (75 per cent) were receiving the payment
through their employer.

There are 48,301 employers registered to provide parental leave pay to their
employees.

So far the scheme appears to be very popular, especially with low- income
earners. There are without doubt improvements to be made; there are many valid
complaints that the claim and registration process needs to be simplified
especially for people with languages other than English.

Many people want the payment to be higher than the adult minimum wage.

There is strong pressure for superannuation contributions to be part of the
government payment.

Many very small businesses are finding one-off application processes hard to
organise, although others that have regular staff movements through pregnancy
are not having the same problem.

Another interesting finding emerging is many parents are unable to make firm
arrangements with their employers about their return to work because of the
difficulty of finding childcare, let alone childcare they can afford.

Meanwhile, the federal government has commissioned the sex discrimination
commissioner to investigate the issue of pregnancy discrimination in workplaces.
That report will take another 12 months.

Marie Coleman was the first female head of the Social Welfare Commission, and is
a founder of the National Foundation for Australian Women.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


       Copyright 2013 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Contaminated water supply leaves people at risk of diseases

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 206

LENGTH: 543  words


Around 80 percent water supply schemes in Rawalpindi are providing contaminated
water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious diseases like hepatitis,
jaundice and diarrhoea.

The outcome of the Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes,
conducted in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed
that water supply schemes are supplying piped water for drinking and household
needs to a population of 1.496 million.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources
(PCRWR), has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of
providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.

Their inability and inefficiency may be judged from the fact that 38 percent of
the schemes are presently not functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the
total population remains unserved by the water supply schemes.

PCRWR  said lack of proper management, operation and maintenance of the water
systems was one of the critical issues of the water supply schemes in the
district.

Overall, 68 percent of the total 148 non-functional schemes have been found as
temporarily closed, while 32 percent are permanently closed.

The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporary closure of
schemes are lack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds.

These reasons are evident in some 21 to 30 water schemes.

PCRWR Chairman Dr Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent of the water
sources of the functional schemes, was unsafe for drinking purposes and water
being supplied from 75 percent of these schemes had the microbiological
contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution
systems indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water which
is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water which
has microbiological contamination, he said.

The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the unsafe drinking
water and the importance of safe drinking water is negligible.

There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for drinking purposes,
among the general public and the managers of water supply schemes.

According to survey, many flaws have been found in the design of water supply
schemes. It appears that water distribution systems have not been designed for
simple, trouble-free operation and are not capable of being operated and
maintained by local manpower, she added.

In a large number of schemes, where water is obtained from surface source as
stream and nullahs, the source is located at a considerable distance from the
locality.

The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over 20 years old, 44
percent between 10 and 20 years old while the remaining are less than 10 years
old.

Most of the schemes have used the pipes for the distribution system, the useful
life of which has been less than 20 years.

The PCRWR chairman said that it necessitated a programme of rehabilitation
coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in the district and the
priority should be given to the older schemes.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                              July 29, 2012 Sunday
                              Appointments Edition

Pyramid investors are bound to fall

BYLINE: MOYAGABO MAAKE

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 516  words


Pyramid investors are bound to fall

If it seems too good to be true, it usually is

THOUGH the number of new investment scams is decreasing, the amounts involved
are increasing.

From the reported R36-million collected from unsuspecting investors 11 years ago
by Sibusiso Radebe, the founder of the Miracle 2000 pyramid scheme, to the
R10-billion Ponzi scheme allegedly operated by Barry Tannenbaum, the sums are
vast.

Speaking at the Institute of Commercial Forensic Practitioners conference this
week, Michael Blackbeard, deputy registrar of banks at the Reserve Bank, said 15
new probes were opened into such schemes last year, compared with 23 in 2000. A
record 25 schemes were investigated in 2002.

The Reserve Bank was reluctant to say where the schemes were most prevalent,
save to say it was a national issue and the central bank was being careful not
to focus on one specific area.

Blackbeard said the bank supervision department could not stop the schemes from
being set up, and was only able to react to complaints or information provided.

Once a complaint was received, and the bank deemed it to be well founded, it
would investigate with a view to closing the scheme down, repaying investors and
handing the case to the police.

The bank could halt the flow of funds suspected of being directed to pyramid or
Ponzi schemes.

Alternatively, it could appoint fund managers to oversee the repayment of
investors, attach assets or other legitimate businesses of the operators, or
liquidate the scheme if it was insolvent.

So what can potential investors do to protect themselves?

Hlengani Mathebula, group head of strategy and communications at the Reserve
Bank, said there was no typical con-artist, making it impossible to spot them.

"Every day, con-artists think of clever new ways to get innocent victims to
invest their hard-earned money," he said.

"However, there are typical characteristics of these schemes."

With pyramid schemes, investors are required to pay a joining fee and recruit
other members to the scheme, while Ponzi schemes need no effort other than
parting with money which will ostensibly be used to invest in one deal or
another.

"In a pyramid scheme, they tell you that the more people you get to sell for
you, the more money you will make," said Mathebula.

"It's easy for the first people to introduce new members, but soon everyone is
part of the scheme and it gets harder to find new members to join."

Blackbeard said the schemes were prevalent owing to greed or ignorance on the
part of investors, as well as perceptions that the authorities would not
investigate and that the National Prosecuting Authority was not willing to
prosecute cases passed on to them.

Potential investors could best protect themselves by trusting their instincts
when they feel an investment is too good to be true, as usually little or
nothing is recovered from the schemes.

The fact that these schemes fail or are stopped also makes recovery very
difficult.

Another factor worsening the problem was that the pool of funds collected was
used to pay salaries or operating expenditures, leaving nothing left.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 July 15, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

Pay more for less benefits?

BYLINE:  Wilma Stassen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 933 words


Health-e News Service

Private medical insurance is a luxury less than one in five (16 percent) of
South Africans can afford, and it is not getting any cheaper.

Studies reveal that in 1981 a household with one working member paid about 7
percent of its income to medical scheme contributions. By 1991 this had
increased to 14 percent, rising further to 20 percent by 2001, and 30 percent by
2007.

The average contribution per medical scheme beneficiary every year has increased
from about R1 800 in 1981 to nearly R9 900 in 2007.

Indications are that medical scheme members are starting to resist rising costs
from their schemes, and in a rare act of activism in the private medical scheme
market, members of Discovery Health Medical Scheme recently demanded an
independent review of administration fees charged by its administrator,
Discovery Health, and urged the scheme to consider putting this part of the
business out to tender.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme's administration fees were the second highest in
the country at an average of R102 per member per month.

With its 2.4 million members, Discovery Health Medical Scheme is also SA's
largest scheme.

According to its annual report, the medical scheme paid R3.2 billion in
administration and managed care fees to Discovery Health (the administrator) for
the year ended June 2011.

The Council for Medical Schemes has raised concern about the proportion of funds
medical schemes spend on non-health care items such as administration and broker
fees, and has urged medical schemes to negotiate better rates in order to have
more funds available for members' medical bills.

Professor Di McIntyre of the Health Economics Unit at the University of Cape
Town contends that a large portion of funds is going towards administration and
other non-health care costs, but says it is only one of many factors driving up
medical scheme membership fees.

"For many years, medical scheme contributions have been increasing far above the
rate of inflation," says McIntyre, a health economist.

But because members complain when fees go up too much, medical schemes trim the
benefits instead to save money.

"So for instance in the past you may have been able to get a new pair of glasses
every year, now you can only get a new pair of glasses every few years."

According to Heidi Kruger from the Board of Healthcare Funders for Southern
Africa (BHF), health-care inflation is always higher than general inflation due
to factors such as the high cost of health technology and pharmaceuticals and an
ageing membership that is likely to incur more health-care costs.

By law, medical schemes are not allowed to make a profit, and all money
collected from their members should go towards paying claims and administering
those claims.

"Therefore, when a medical scheme decreases or changes its benefits, it is
because there is not enough money in the kitty to pay everything for everyone,"
said Kruger.

There is a lot of debate about why there is not enough money to go around.

Reasons that all agree on are the high administration and management costs and
the fact that people are using health-care services more frequently.

Medical schemes blame regulations such as the Prescribed Minimum Benefits (PMB)
for escalating fees.

PMBs are a list of benefits that every medical scheme has to cover regardless of
the benefit option of the member.

They are set out in the Medical Schemes Act.

PMBs include the costs related to the diagnosis, treatment and care of any
emergency condition, 270 medical conditions and 26 chronic conditions.

In the private sector, health-care providers are unregulated as far as pricing
is concerned.

"The fact that there are no tariffs means there is an open-ended liability for
schemes for the set of Prescribed Minimum Benefits which each scheme must
cover," said Kruger.

McIntyre agrees that medical service providers also contribute to booming costs.

"Doctors also have to generate income so they might be doing more diagnostics
and procedures than are medically necessary," she said.

In a 2010 article for Equinet, McIntyre explained that often doctors had a stake
in the financial performance of some hospitals through share ownership or other
forms of financial relationship.

This may encourage higher levels of hospitalisation, longer periods of admission
and greater use of expensive diagnostic technology provided in hospitals.

The cost of medical care itself has also increased substantially, and Health
Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi has been critical of the private health sector in
this regard.

The price of medical care in the private sector is 10 to 12 times higher than in
the public sector.

There are three major aspects within this industry which contribute to
increasing costs.

The first is the lack of bargaining power, especially among smaller schemes.

"The smaller schemes have very little power when it comes to negotiating prices
for health-care services, especially with specialists and hospitals," said
Kruger. "Hospitals, because there is an oligopoly of three major groups, and
specialists, because they can charge what they like because there is a shortage
in SA. Unfortunately, public sector facilities are not in a state to compete
with private sector hospitals."

Second, schemes are not allowed to negotiate collectively on behalf of all
medical scheme members, due to the Competition Commissioner's ruling of 2004
which prohibits this practice.

The third, and probably most significant, is the system itself, says Kruger.

"It allows over-servicing, entrenches fraud and does nothing to align the
incentives between the funders and the providers."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Contaminated water claims more than 10,000 people annually in Karachi

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


    Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (PCRWR) Wednesday revealed
that in Karachi more than 10,000 people die every year because of renal
infection caused by contaminated water.       A worldwide survey report on
water borne diseases revealed that every third person have become patient of
Hepatitis B or C and Sindh province is the most affected by this chronic
disease, while Khyber Pakhtoonkhawa and Punjab provinces rank second and third
respectively.       PCRWR conducted Technical Assessment Survey of water supply
 schemes in domains of 22 districts of Sindh, which summed up that the
performance of these schemes in terms of providing water in an adequate
quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.       The outcome of the
survey has revealed that  water supply schemes are providing piped water supply
 for drinking purposes to meet household needs and for other multiple uses to
an enumerated population of 11.716 million persons on 1247 surveyed water
schemes.       The fact is that 58 people of the schemes are not functioning
properly and as a result, nearly 47 percent of the total population  remains
unserved by the water supply schemes.       More alarming situation is that 98
percent of the functional  schemes are providing unsafe drinking water.
Moreover, on province basis, the average water charges per scheme, figure out
to Rs. two per month.       Talking to media, Chairman PCRWR Dr. Aslam Tahir
said lack of proper management, operation and maintenance of the water systems
is one of the critical issues of the water supply schemes.       On the
overall, 75 percent of the total 718 non-functional  schemes have been found as
 temporarily closed.       The Chairman said identified reasons for the
temporarily closure of schemes are financial problems, breakage of some
important components of the water delivery and distribution system or
non-functioning of pump, motor or transformer.       The survey result have
shown that 95 percent water sources of  the functional schemes, are unfit for
drinking purposes and microbiological contamination has been found in all
unsafe water samples from functional schemes.       According to the survey,
nine percent of the schemes are over 20  years old, 16 percent of the schemes
are 20-25 years old, 28 percent  schemes are between 15-20 years old, whereas
47 percent  schemes are  10-15 years old.        The Chairman said most of the
schemes have used G1 pipe for the distribution system, the useful life of which
 is less  than 20 years.       It necessitates a program of rehabilitation
coupled with redesigning of water supply schemes in the district and the
priority should be given to the older schemes.       These remedial works
should be based on the estimation of present and future water requirement for
the increasing population, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Schemes for SC, OBC launched

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 460 words


<p>

PANAJI: The Goa state scheduled caste (SC) and other backward classes (OBC)
finance and development corporation on Tuesday announced a slew of schemes for
the SC and OBC communities in Goa.</p>

<p>

New chairman Girish Chodankar told mediapersons that the upward ceiling of the
corporation's various loan schemes has been enhanced from 5 to 10 lakh and also
the repayment period has been increased from 5 to 7 years.</p>

<p>

Chodankar said that though the corporation had various loan schemes, the benefit
was not reaching the needy due to restrictive conditions.</p>

<p>

One condition was for the loan applicant to produce a government surety while
applying for a loan. But poor applicants were unable to provide government
sureties and therefore could not avail of the loan schemes. Now, these
applicants can avail of a loan by providing any person as surety, provided the
surety files his returns and his income is sufficient to cover the loan.</p>

<p>

Chodankar said that the corporation did not have local schemes for the SC and
OBC communities in Goa. Now, it has introduced several schemes. One is the Graha
Suraksha loan scheme of up to 2 lakh at an interest of 4% meant for house
repairs.</p>

<p>

The second scheme is the Adarshila scheme for reviving traditional business
activity of up to 2 lakh at 4% interest. This has a back-ended scheme of 25,000
or 12.5% of the project cost, whichever is less.</p>

<p>

The corporation has also introduced financial assistance schemes. One is the
Vidhyavardini scheme under which the corporation will bear the expenses of
tuition fees up to graduate level of SC/OBC students who have secured good marks
at the higher secondary (Class XII) level. The benchmark for SC students for
availing of this financial assistance is 60% and that for OBC students is
75%.</p>

<p>

The second is the funeral assistance scheme. Under this scheme, the corporation
will provide an amount of 10,000 to poor SC/OBC families to perform the last
rites of their departed family members.</p>

<p>

The third is the financial assistance for the purchase of artificial limbs. This
scheme has been introduced to take care of handicapped children from the SC/OBC
community who are in need of artificial limbs.</p>

<p>

Under this scheme, an amount of up to 50,000 will be provided for the purchase
of an artificial limb till the child attains the age of 20 years. Another scheme
is for the distribution of dictionaries to students of Classes VIII, IX and X.
Under this scheme, SC/OBC students will be provided with free English
dictionaries.</p>

<p>

The last scheme is for the distribution of four GB pen drives to students of
Classes XI and XII from the SC/OBC communities.</p>

<p>

<meta content="cms.next" name="cmsei" />

</p>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                           September 30, 2011 Friday

Interest Schemes to drive forward agriculture, aquaculture sectors

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. NaN

LENGTH: 1154 words


Excluding industrial crops such as palm oil and rubber, the agriculture and
aquaculture sectors contributed RM20.2 billion or 4% of Malaysia's gross
national income (GNI) in 2009.

The importance of agriculture and aquaculture has been highlighted in Malaysia's
Economic Transformation Programme (ETP) and is one of the 12 National Key
Economic Areas (NKEAs) to spearhead Malaysia's transformation into a high income
country.

With renewed interest in agriculture and aquaculture in Malaysia, the question
that begs to be answered is: "In which direction will these sectors go -
continued small-scale farming or fishing practices or step up efforts and go
big?" The days of the small- scale farmer or fisherman may be over as the
agriculture and aquaculture sectors evolve to become more of a business for
export.

To do so otherwise would mean losing out on opportunities presenting themselves
in the form of increasing demand for specialised products such as edible bird's
nests, herbal products, aquaculture products and seaweed - which are projected
to have cumulative average growth rates of between 6.8% and 10.5% from now to
2020.

For these sectors to reap the benefits of demand in an increasingly globalised
world, it is necessary to transform not only in terms of size to enjoy economies
of scale, but also to focus on innovation and creativity to increase
productivity and produce higher quality yields.

Ample Natural Resources Malaysia is fortunate to have ideal natural resources
such as soil suitability, ample sun and rain throughout the year. Good
agricultural practices combined with the use of modern technology such as
mechanisation, automation, high-quality seeds or stocks, proper use of
fertilisers, pesticides and weedicides have also improved production.

However, unlike cash crops like oil palm - which has forged ahead with big
investments by conglomerates and multinationals - other products seemed to have
lagged behind due to the lack of financing and investment.

Due to its nature, agriculture and aquaculture projects have higher credit
risks. The gestation period is long. Project failures due to climatic factors
such as drought and flood; attacks of pests and diseases; being perishable
products and unstable market prices are some of risks involved in implementing
agricultural and aquaculture projects. Failure of projects will affect repayment
schedules.

The level of financing and investment, however, may change with an increase in
prices like what has happened with palm oil.

The increase in prices for crude palm oil from around RM1,000 per tonne in the
early 1990s to RM3,000 per tonne currently provided that push for that sector.
Similarly, swiftlet farming and arowana fish breeding may attract the same level
of financing and investment because of a jump in prices - but this may take
time.

Interest Schemes In the meantime, noticing the jump in prices for products such
as birds nest and ornamental fish fry, several companies have been registered to
provide an alternative mode of fundraising such as interest schemes.

An interest scheme involves the participation of a group of investors
collectively in an interest - through the contribution of funds. Interest
schemes are nothing new and have been around in Malaysia for more than 20 years.

Not to be confused with deposittaking - which is illegal - interest schemes are
registered with the Companies Commission of Malaysia (SSM) and have to follow
the safeguards put in place by the Companies Act, 1965.

The general scheme of regulation comprises the following:-

(i) Only public companies are allowed to make public offering of interests;

(ii) Public offering must be accompanied with a statement (prospectus)
containing prescribed information;

(iii) There must be a trust deed which has been approved by the SSM;

(iv) There must be a trustee to act for interest holders;

(v) A register of interest holders must be kept;

(vi) Annual returns in relation to the interest containing prescribed
information must be lodged with the SSM; and

(vii) Winding up of schemes must be conducted in accordance with the provisions
of the Act and the deed. There are several types of registered interest schemes
in Malaysia, namely, the sale of memberships by golf clubs, recreational clubs,
marinas, time- sharing, equipment sharing scheme, the sale of licence for use of
urns and burial plots by memorial parks and the sale of grower s' plot s in
share -farming schemes.

Agriculture and aquaculture projects come under the sale of growers' plots in
share-farming schemes, that have started to become increasingly visible in
recent years.

Share-farming Schemes Share-farming schemes involve a professional or contract
farmer or fisherman who holds or has access to necessary land and equipment,
combined with the expertise to carry out the required farming or fishing.

The investors provide the capital to carry out farming or fishing. Importantly,
the scheme pools the funds/ income of all investors in the particular project so
that the distributions of profits are apportioned equally among investors.

Interest schemes such as these increase the access to funds for agriculture and
aquaculture projects. Such projects can be undertaken on a bigger scale,
enabling the enjoyment of economies of scale and lower per unit costs.

Interest schemes in the agriculture and aquaculture sectors are not unique to
Malaysia and have been widely practised in Australia, Canada and Scotland -
where they are known as agriculture investment schemes (AIS).

Several interest schemes that are moving the agriculture and aquaculture sectors
forward in Malaysia are the Country Heights Grower Scheme - which sells
interests in oil palm plantation plots, Edible-Birdnest Swiftlet Ranching Share
Farming Interest Scheme - which runs Malaysia's first legalised edible bird nest
farming interest scheme and Arowana Venture Breeding Management Scheme -
Malaysia's first registered interest scheme for breeding the prized Arowana
fish.

Interest schemes connect able farmers and fishermen with investors who want to
be more directly involved in their investment. The added sweetener is that the
investor will be able to sell his share at any time.

Understandably, there are those who are also wary of such schemes. Some
financial planners contacted said they would prefer to stay clear of interest
schemes that pose high risk and have no means of safeguarding investors'
capital.

Because interest schemes are registered and governed by tight regulations,
investors can feel more secure. However like any other form of investment,
investors should check the underlying business model, the risks and proof of
approvals.

Investors can also make enquiries to the SSM to ensure legitimacy of the
interest scheme. If the investor is happy with the commensurate risks and
returns as well as the potential worst case scenario, then the investor can
proceed to invest.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 8, 2011 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Consumer watchdog angers medical aids

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 751  words


Consumer watchdog angers medical aids

Science and Health Editor

THE registrar of the Council for Medical Schemes, Monwabisi Gantsho, has
criticised the head of the National Consumer Commission, saying she does not
appreciate the complexities of the industry he oversees and should focus her
attention elsewhere.

His is the third industry to cross swords with the commission, headed by
Mamodupi Mohlala, which has already rattled the telecommunications and property
sectors. More conflict is likely, as the commission is investigating the
hospital industry, with work due to be completed in October.

Last week Ms Mohlala told a broker conference that a preliminary investigation
into SA's five biggest medical schemes found they were contravening the new
Consumer Protection Act (CPA), and giving patients a raw deal.

& It's unfortunate that the commissioner has started to pronounce on a number of
things that are in conflict with the CPA ... without understanding the
intricacies of private healthcare and the medical schemes industry,& said Dr
Gantsho. & The commission has only been in existence since April. We've been in
place for 11 years.

& There are many areas the consumer commissioner can focus on, (such as) retail
and manufacturing, and leave out an area that is to a large extent covered by
regulations,& he said.

Dr Gantsho said he had applied to the trade and industry minister on behalf of
the medical schemes industry for an exemption from aspects of the act.

The act was at odds with the Medical Schemes Act as it focused on the interests
of consumers and did not balance their rights against the provisions needed to
ensure the medical schemes industry remained viable, he said.

Ms Mohlala responded: & People must not be emotional about the issues but deal
with the facts. We've been very specific about the aspects (of the CPA) we
believe have been violated.& Preliminary investigations into the rules of SA's
top medical schemes, which were approved by the Council for Medical Schemes,
found numerous contraventions of the act, she said, declining to name the
schemes until they had formally responded to the commission's findings. The
commission planned to release a final report on that investigation next month,
she said.

Some of the issues identified by the commission appear fairly simple to resolve,
such as the long notice periods required by some medical schemes and the fact
that new members sometimes only get copies of the scheme's rules after they have
signed up. The commission's probe found some medical schemes require three
months' notice from members, yet the act says 20 working days is sufficient. The
act also requires consumers to be made fully aware of the terms and conditions
of the contracts they sign.

However, other medical scheme practices identified by the commission as
problematic may prove more difficult to deal with bar an exemption to the new
laws. For example, mandatory waiting periods for new members, which are intended
to protect schemes from consumers joining schemes ahead of expensive planned
events and then quitting soon afterwards, are at odds with the act's requirement
that people should not pay for services they do not receive, Ms Mohlala said.

& This issue is of some concern to the commission,& she said.

Medical schemes all apply a general three-month waiting period, during which new
members pay monthly fees but cannot claim for medical bills, and a specific
12-month waiting period during which the scheme will not cover pre-existing
conditions.

These waiting periods, which run concurrently, do not apply to patients
switching between medical schemes.

Ms Mohlala said the commission was also unhappy with the late-joiner penalties
imposed by schemes on those who signed up to medical schemes for the first time
late in life.

Since the Medical Schemes Act does not make provision for mandatory enrolment,
which would compel all working people to belong to schemes, late-joiner
penalties are imposed to try to manage the higher risk posed by older new
members, who typically have higher medical bills. But late-joiner penalties
discriminate against older consumers, which is at odds with the act.

The commission also found some schemes specified which doctor a patient should
use for a medical examination prior to joining the scheme, yet the act says that
consumers have the right to choose a third service provider and cannot be
compelled to use one that is chosen by a scheme, unless there is some clear
benefit to the consumer.

kahnt@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday

Sebi relaxes merger norms for MF schemes

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, Oct. 23 -- Market regulator Sebi Saturday relaxed norms for merger of
mutual fund schemes, allowing fund houses to give exit option to unitholders of
surviving scheme, a move which will boost consolidation among various MF
products.

"In order to facilitate merger of schemes, it has been decided that merger or
consolidation shall not be seen as change in fundamental attribute of the
surviving scheme...," SEBI said in a circular. The circular explained that at
the time of the merger of schemes, the fund houses need give the unitholders of
surviving schemes an exit option if MFs can show that there was no change in the
fundamental attribute of the scheme.Also the MFs have to demonstrate that the
circumstances merit the merger of the scheme and the interest of the unitholders
are not adversely affected.Supposing, a fund house is merging scheme 'B' with
scheme 'A', then as per the existing norms MFs have to give exit option to the
unitholders of both the schemes at the current net asset value (NAV).As per the
revised norms, the unitholders of scheme 'A', or the surviving scheme, need not
be given exit option if the afforesaid conditions could be proved by the
MFs."This will ensure smooth consolidation between schemes. It was a tedious
process to give exit option to all unitholders as the surviving scheme usually
had a bigger NAV," SMC Global Securities Strategist & Head of Research
Jagannadham Thunuguntla said Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Review of health schemes needed to avoid confusion

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 787 words


There are three main health schemes: One covering government employees and their
families; a social security scheme covering formal sector employees; and the
universal health scheme for millions of informal workers and families without
health insurance.

With different sources of funds, privileges, service providers and payment
systems, many people question the overlap of the schemes and their overall
effectiveness.

Dr Amphon Jindawatthana, secretary-general of the National Health Commission
Office, said that negative reports from patients about healthcare reflects the
inequity of medical services within the three schemes. The schemes need to be
improved and restructured to promote more equal access to health services.

According to the Senate Standing Committee on Public Health, the universal
healthcare scheme covers 47 million people and has been allocated Bt76 billion
per year. The social security scheme covers 9.84 million workers and has
provided over Bt17 billion for health services, while the civil servants' scheme
covers five million government employees and their families.

The civil servants' scheme has a budget ceiling of Bt38 billion, but over Bt54
billion has been spent so far.

A cost comparison for health services provided by the three schemes last year
showed that the civil servants' medical and welfare scheme worked out at about
Bt11,000 per person, or about five times more per person than in the two other
schemes.

The social security scheme cost Bt2,134 per head, while the universal health
scheme cost Bt2,100 per person.

The cost of healthcare provided via each scheme has been rising, and is now a
major burden for the government. Each scheme is struggling to manage its budget
effectively, which has caused overlaps in services and setbacks for patients.

Suwipa Sukwanichnant of the Comptroller General's Department said the agency has
investigated the medical records of patients in the civil servants' scheme and
found that most medical providers dispensed expensive or original drugs - not on
the national drug list - to government employees.

"We had set a regulation which required at least three doctors to approve
prescribed drugs outside the national drug list, but the problem is that most
doctors don't know what drugs are not on the list," she said.

Moreover, the agency was surprised to find that most doctors prescribed a large
amount of vitamins to government employees when they had cause to be treated in
hospital.

Suwipa said that most drug companies have sold their pharmaceutical products to
the Comptroller General's Department at prices higher than the National Health
Security Office.

A study conduced by Dr Samrit Srithamrongsawas of the Health Insurance System
Research Office found also that government employees were admitted to hospital
for longer periods than patients on the social security or universal health
schemes.

Amphon said, "It's time for change to create equality among healthcare schemes."

Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has already instructed relevant agencies to
study how to improve healthcare schemes and balance national services better.
The National Health Commission and Health Systems Research Institute are now
studying ways to achieve this.

"All healthcare schemes should have the same medical services and medicines,"
said Saree Ongsomwang, secretary-general of the Foundation for Consumers.

"It would be good for patients if medical workers could provide treatment to
them without having to ask the type of healthcare they are entitled to."

Meanwhile, secretary general of the National Health Security Office, Dr Winai
Sawasdivorn, said the referral system and basic health service provided by
primary care units should be developed so that people in rural areas can access
health services more easily.

Dr Amnuay Kajeena, director of the Office of Health Insurance, said the
government must develop a mechanism to control the direction of healthcare
systems and the use of medical technology.

Medical manpower was also a key area that needed to be improved, he added.

Aids Access director Nimitr Tien-Udom has asked the government to revise the
social security bill so that it can add a budget for disease prevention and
include all workers in state schemes. He said health services provided by the
Social Security Office should be carried out by the National Health Security
Office. In addition, an independent body should examine the operations of
healthcare schemes to try to improve overall services.

"A diversity of healthcare services is not the answer for quality medical
services and equity in the healthcare system," he said. "Changing the perception
of medical workers who take care of patients is the best way to improve health
services."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                             March 27, 2007 Tuesday

New way to stop deposit disputes

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1259 words


Arla, the Association of Residential Letting Agents, is backing efforts to
ensure landlords understand their new legal obligations over deposits and is
taking steps to ensure that the Tenancy Deposit Scheme works efficiently for
them.

To support letting agents who are members of ARLA, the association has produced
its own leaflet in a bid to help them educate client landlords and tenants about
their obligations and rights under the new deposit protection laws. These come
into force on April 6.

The leaflet explains the concept behind tenancy deposit protection, the types of
scheme - insured or custodial - and the benefits of alternative dispute
resolution.

Said Adrian Turner, ARLA chief executive: "Surveys show that most industry
professionals understand tenancy deposit protection. The problem facing the
industry, and letting agents in particular, is how to ensure that landlord
clients, and their tenants as well, understand that tenancy deposit protection
is to be mandatory and that the well-tried Tenancy Deposit Scheme is the
simplest route for landlords and agents to take to abide by the law."

ARLA is also pressing its members to review their policies about inventory and
condition reports and to make their landlords aware that they need them.
Inventories will be critical under the new legislation.

A guidance manual for the best practice in inventory making, with examples and a
template, is available from ARLA and the other professional bodies concerned
with the private rented sector.

Inventories will play a major role in establishing the facts behind any landlord
and tenant dispute. An inventory report will help to make the most efficient use
of Alternative Dispute Resolution, part of the package that comes with deposit
protection schemes.

Without such an obvious proof of loss or damage, it is probable that all the
deposit money will be returned to the tenant by the Independent Case Examiner.

TDP will add to the measures already brought in to drive up standards in the
private rented sector set out in Housing Act 2004. Those measures include
licensing multiple occupancy homes and new safety rules.

TDP will apply to all assured shorthold tenancies (ASTs) in England and Wales,
where a deposit is taken. Virtually all new contracts to let a property are
ASTs.

It will start on April 6, and be valid for all new tenancy agreements from this
date.

There are two main aims:

1. To ensure good practice in deposit handling, so that when a tenant pays a
deposit, and is entitled to get it back, they can be assured that this will
happen.

2. To assist with the resolution of disputes by having an alternative dispute
resolution service (ADR). It will also encourage tenants and landlords to have
in place, from the outset, clear agreement on the condition of the property
through best practice, such as the use of inventories, and agreement on the
condition of the property.

Tenancy Deposit Protection in summary

Landlords will be required to join a statutory tenancy deposit scheme, if they
take deposits;

This will mean that deposits are safeguarded;

Tenants will get all or part of their deposit back, if they have kept the
property in good condition and are entitled to get their deposit back;

The scheme offers alternative ways of resolving disputes which aims to be faster
and cheaper than taking court action.

What is Tenancy Deposit Protection?

From April 6, all deposits taken by landlords for what is called Assured
Shorthold Tenancies - the vast majority of tenancies - in England and Wales must
be protected by a tenancy deposit protection scheme.

To avoid disputes going to court, each scheme will be supported by an
alternative dispute resolution service (ADR), whose aim is to make disputes
faster and cheaper to resolve.

Landlords will be able to choose between two types of scheme: a single custodial
scheme and two insurance-based schemes.

Custodial scheme:

The tenant pays the deposit to the landlord;

The landlord then pays the deposit into the scheme;

Within 14 days of receiving a deposit, the landlord must give the tenant the
prescribed information (to be set out in secondary legislation) about the scheme
being used;

At the end of the tenancy, if the landlord and tenant agree how the deposit
should be divided, they will tell the scheme which returns the deposit, divided
in the way agreed by both parties;

If there is a dispute, the scheme will hold the disputed amount until the
dispute resolution service or courts decide what is fair;

The interest accrued by deposits in the scheme will be used to pay for the
running of the scheme and any surplus will be used to offer interest to the
tenant, or landlord if the tenant isn't entitled to it.

Insurance-based schemes:

The tenant pays the deposit to the landlord;

The landlord retains the deposit and pays a premium to the insurer - the key
difference to the custodial scheme;

Within 14 days of receiving a deposit, the landlord must give the tenant
prescribed information (to be set out in secondary legislation) about the scheme
being used;

At the end of the tenancy, if the landlord and tenant agree how the deposit
should be divided, the landlord returns all or some of the deposit;

If there is a dispute, the landlord must hand over the disputed amount to the
scheme for safekeeping until the dispute is resolved;

If for any reason the landlord fails to comply, the insurance arrangements will
ensure the return of the deposit to the tenant if they are entitled to it.

For example, a tenant pays a deposit of £1,000. At the end of the tenancy, the
landlord says he wishes to keep £200 to pay for replacing damaged furniture. The
remaining £800 will be returned to the tenant.

The tenant disagrees, claiming the furniture was damaged when they moved in.
Both agree to go to ADR, so the disputed £200 will be transferred to the scheme
administrator until the dispute is settled.

In each scheme, the deposit must be returned within 10 days of the landlord and
tenant agreeing how the deposit should be divided, or within 10 days following
notification of an ADR/court decision.

The Government awarded contracts to three companies to run its tenancy deposit
schemes on November 22 2006.

The three schemes are:

The Deposit Protection Service (The DPS) - the only custodial deposit protection
scheme - is free to use and open to all landlords and letting agents. The
service is funded entirely from the interest earned from deposits held.
Landlords and letting agents will be able to register and make transactions
online. Paper forms will also be available should internet access be an issue.
The scheme will be supported by a dedicated call centre and an independent
dispute resolution service. For more information, visit
www.depositprotection.com

Tenancy Deposit Solutions Ltd (TDSL) is a partnership between the National
Landlords Association and Hamilton Fraser Insurance. The insurance-based tenancy
deposit protection scheme is designed primarily to enable landlords to continue
holding deposits.

Agents can also join the scheme. For more information, visit
www.mydeposits.co.uk

The Tenancy Deposit Scheme (TDS) is an insurance-backed deposit protection and
dispute resolution scheme run by The Dispute Service. It was established in 2003
to provide dispute resolution and complaints handling for the lettings industry,
including a voluntary deposit scheme for regulated agents which TDS will now
absorb. It is designed primarily to enable letting agents to continue holding
deposits, but landlords can also join the scheme. For more information, visit
www.tds.gb.com or call 0845 226 7837.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 June 25, 2006
                             Business Times Edition

Common benefits for all schemes proposed

BYLINE: Adele Shevel

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 778  words


Common benefits for all schemes proposed

'Circular 8 as it currently stands could threaten the sustainability of low-cost
options and radically change the contributions and benefits offered by medical
schemes'

ADELE SHEVEL

THE medical scheme industry is in the throes of transformation.

For the past decade the government has sought to overhaul the healthcare system
in an effort to increase access and affordability.

The most significant present piece of legislation is contained in a circular
published for comment by the Council for Medical Schemes in February. Circular 8
proposes a revised benefit structure for all medical schemes.

The controversial circular has potentially wide-ranging implications for the
design of medical schemes in terms of pooling of risk and contributions. The
intention is to charge every individual, whether a child or an adult, the same
rate.

However, the circular proposes that contributions should be payable only for a
maximum of three members of the family. Therefore, larger families stand to
benefit from the new contribution structure whereas small families will be
negatively affected.

Another proposal is that schemes should offer all members a set of common
benefits, including the prescribed minimum benefits prescribed by law. A fixed
number of (as yet unspecified) supplementary benefit options will be permitted.

The circular has caused much concern in the industry.

Stephan Grobler, the principal officer of Medicover Medical Scheme, says the
detail of which benefits will constitute supplementary benefits should be left
to the discretion of the market to promote healthy competition among medical
schemes.

Grobler warns that "Circular 8 as it currently stands could threaten the
sustainability of low-cost options and radically change the contributions and
benefits offered by medical schemes". The circular includes coverage of specific
benefits, in addition to prescribed minimum benefits.

But it will make many of the non-healthcare expenses built into contributions
clearer to members and help them make better informed choices of schemes.

Circular 8 also proposes that contributions in respect of non-health-related
expenses be set at a flat rate per beneficiary.

Another change on the horizon is the eradication of savings accounts. Schemes
will take back more risk.

Derry Heron, principal technical consultant at Glenrand MIB, says South Africa
is one of the few markets where savings accounts have been implemented
successfully.

Though savings accounts are not prevalent in many countries, research has shown
they are effective in having members control use of facilities and costs.

Heron says that although the intention to have schemes take back risk is good,
there is the possibility that things will slip back into the mode of the '80s
when schemes were "grossly abused by members and providers".

"There's no question that savings accounts have changed how members spend.
People behave differently when it's their own money at stake and not the
bottomless pit of money that many people think is the medical schemes."

Schemes that operate in the upper- and middle- income markets will be able to
drive efficiencies through increased automation, e-mails and other technology.

Another factor that will affect the legislative environment is the Council for
Medical Schemes's directive on the fair treatment of members, and the role of
trustees and governance in the industry.

A governance issue from the Registrar of Medical Schemes office that will have
an impact is that schemes must submit their new rates and benefits to the
registrar by September 1 2006. But they may not communicate the changes until
these are approved by the registrar.

This could cause problems with timing because changes are usually communicated
to members between September and January.

Much has been said about the risk equalisation fund (REF), the mechanism that
will shift surplus funds from schemes with a younger and healthier profile to
schemes that have more aged and sickly members. It is a cross-subsidy mechanism
that will effectively equalise the risk profile of all schemes. Those who have
enjoyed a competitive advantage could take a knock when the REF comes on stream
from January 2007.

Schemes with an older or sicker profile may be slightly better off as they will
receive a payment from the REF.

However, as the REF affects only the price of prescribed minimum benefits, it is
possible that schemes with younger or healthier-than-average members will still
be better off, as extra supplementary benefits and "common benefits" mentioned
in Circular 8, over and above the prescribed minimum benefit package, will still
have to be budgeted for.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Times Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 22, 2003, Saturday

UFU WATCH: UNION REVIEWS LFA ALLOWANCE SCHEME

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 427 words


THE Hill Farming Committee of the Ulster Farmers' Union are currently involved
in a review of the LFACA scheme. The LFACA scheme was introduced in 2001 to
replace the Hill Livestock Compensatory Allowance (HLCA) scheme.

The current LFACA scheme is an example of a de-coupled payment and will continue
regardless of the outcome of the current CAP reform negotiations.

The existing LFACA scheme is currently under review for the 2004 year to take
account of the removal of the "safety net" mechanism, which is currently in
place.

This was put in place to ease the transition from headage payments to area based
payment and to enable farmers to make the necessary adjustments.

When the Less Favoured Area scheme was changed from headage payments (HLCA) to
area based payments (LFACA), there were farmers who either gained or lost
significant sums of money. The farmers who were the greatest losers tended to
have higher stocking rates or kept suckler cows.

Those farmers who gained when moving from one scheme to another tended to farm
large areas of land with low stocking rates. The aim of the Hill Farming
Committee is to reduce the number of farmers who either gained or lost large
sums of money when moving from the HLCA scheme to the LFACA scheme.

The Hill Farming Committee are currently looking at the scheme which is being
introduced in Scotland this year for LFA.

The Scottish scheme ensures that farmers who have suckler cows or farm more
intensively will receive more money compared to producers who keep sheep and
farm extensively.

Within the Scottish system there is also a mechanism to give greater aid to
farmers who live in remote regions or regions of poorer quality land. The Hill
Farming Committee believe if a similar scheme was introduced here, it would help
minimise the number of people who were either winners or losers when moving from
the HLCA scheme to the LFACA scheme.

The Ulster Farmers Union hopes to get the LFACA scheme revised before this years
IACS forms are issued.

This would mean that farmers have sufficient time to make suitable adjustments
to their farm business to account for changes in the scheme rules.

Any changes that do take place to the LFACA scheme would also have to be
approved by the EUs Agricultural Structures and Rural Development (STAR)
Committee. Since the Scottish scheme has already passed the STAR committee last
year, it is hoped a scheme based on similar principals as that in Scotland will
be able to get through the STAR Committee without major objections.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              721 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            SUNDAY SUTELEAPH(LONDON)

                           November 25, 2001, Sunday

The squeeze on final salary plans

SECTION: Pg. 03

LENGTH: 611 words

Final salary schemes were born at a time when most people stayed with the same
employer from the time they left full-time education until they retired. Job
mobility was low and early retirement and redundancy relatively rare.

Members of a final salary scheme receive a retirement pension worth 1/60 or 1/80
of their final salary for each year they have been with the company.

The term "final salary" is actually something of a misnomer, as some schemes use
formulae that take into account the fact that your salary may have slipped in
years immediately before retirement.

This is why the technical term for such schemes is "defined benefit, or DB,"
schemes.

The main problem with a DB scheme, from the employer's point of view, is that he
is making an open-ended promise to each employee that joins the company without
knowing how much it is going to cost.

Having made the commitment, he has to make sure the money will be there when it
is needed, however long the employee lives. If there is not enough money in the
fund to back this promise, the employer has to fork out money from his profits
to top it up.

In the good old days, this wasn't too much much of a problem as most final
salary schemes were awash with cash. But this happy state of affairs has changed
dramatically in recent years.

When Labour came to power in 1997, one of its first acts was to remove tax
relief on dividends paid to company pension schemes. The extreme pain this
caused was exacerbated by continuing low inflation and struggling stockmarkets
which also took their toll on investment returns.

As a consequence, more and more schemes that were once sitting on healthy
surplus are now in deficit.

Then DB schemes hit another minefield. New accounting standards have forced
companies with final salary schemes to clarify the size of their potentially
huge pension liabilities on their balance sheets.

"This means that, instead of making it nice and fuzzy as they used to be able to
do, they now have to set it all out clearly," says Nick Edmandes of the
Occupational Pensions Regulatory Authority. This has alarmed the shareholders
and company shares have been suffering as a result.

And, all this time, longevity tables produced by actuaries have had to be
revised again and again as life expectancy continues to increase.

With money purchase (or defined contribution) schemes, all these risks are borne
by the employees. More and more employers are therefore choosing to switch to DC
schemes - unfortunately, often cutting the amount they contribute to the new
scheme when they do so.

Most employers switching to defined contribution schemes allow existing members
to continue on the DB scheme. But some freeze the DB scheme altogether and force
all staff to contribute to the new scheme.

Final salary schemes are not perfect. If the employer goes bust, for instance,
contributions to the fund will obviously cease, although the fund is still
ring-fenced for the benefit of existing and former employees. There is no
compensation scheme to plug the gap if there is not enough money to pay pensions
from the fund.

DB schemes are not necessarily good news for people who change jobs a number of
times, either. If, say, a 25-year-old joins a defined benefit scheme and leaves
after two years, the pension entitlement he leaves behind is inflation-linked,
and then only up to 5 per cent a year.

Had he joined a money purchase (or defined contribution) scheme, his pension pot
would have been linked to investment growth, which (unless the investment
climate changes dramatically in the future) is likely to be much greater.
[PS]City: [ES]

Money - Pensions:

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 The Telegraph Group Limited


                              722 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  July 2, 1988

Weekend Money: Great company

BYLINE: By JENNY HARRIS and SUE WARD

LENGTH: 707 words


The options for anyone in a company pension scheme have been substantially
increased by the new pensions legislation, offering employees greater choice in
retirement planning.

Company schemes may no longer be a condition of employment - instead employees
have the right to opt out in favour of a personal pension. But the new
legislation also affects the type of company scheme offered to employees.


Most company schemes are now directly linked to an individual's earnings, paying
as pension a percentage of the last yesrs's salary. These schemes are expensive
for employers to run and the cost has deterred many smaller firms from setting
them up.

Before this year only final salary schemes could contract out of Serps. But
since April money purchases schemes have been able to contract out. These
shcemes are like pooled personal pension plans. Contributions are invested in a
fund which remains the employee's 'personal pot'. The size of the fund at
retirement depends on how well the money was invested. The employer buys an
annuity based on its value at that time.

Money purchases schemes are generally more attractive to an employer, whose
contribution will be defined at the outset, not open-ended as with final salary
schemes. The ability to establish money purchase schemes which can contract out
of Serps should encourage more employers to offer company schemes. And the
cutback in Serps benefits will make company schemes in general more attractive
to employees.

Final salary schemes offer a pension of 1/60th of 1/80th of final earnings for
each year that you are a member of the scheme. You take your earnings, divide
them by 60 or 80, and multiply them by the number of years you have been in the
scheme.

As with most things financial, the small pring matters. The earnings used for
pension pruposes may not be the same as your normal earnings. Often the
definition excludes overtime, and sometimes also shift or bonus payments, so
that only basic pay is covered. Similarly, the 'final earnings' may not be those
in the last year, but the average for the last three years or so.

All schemes have a guaranteed minimum pension which you can never give up for
cash. Almost every employer's pension scheme allows for retirment earlier than
state pension age. Usually the earliest you can go is 50, but for someone in
ill-health there is no lower age limit. For voluntary early retirment there may
be a reduction in the pension.

However, many final salary schemes now allow people to go in the last few years
before the official retirement age with no reduction, and cut the pension for
people retiring even earlier by only a small percentage, perhaps 3 per cent or 4
per cent for each year of early payment.

This is less than is needed to compensate the scheme for the extra cost of
paying the pension for longer. So in effect the early retirer gets a bonus.

For ill-health, a good company scheme will make no reduction, and in fact add
credits for the years the person could have worked but has been unable to.

Most schemes also provide a lump sum death benefit. At best, this could be as
much as four times earnings, plus a refund of contributions, plus interest.
Coverage is automatic for members of the scheme. There will also be a spouse's
pension, and ften benefits for children.

The advantage of final-salary schemes is taht you know how much pension you can
expect, whereas with a money purchase scheme there are no guarantees about how
much pension you will receive. It will all depend on your level of contributions
and the investment performance of the pension fund. You will not know until
close to retirement exactly how much you will be paid by way of lump sum or
pension.

If the employer's package is any good, few people should be tempted out on their
own with a personal pension. You should think about it only if you are young,
without dependants, and plan not to stay in that job very long. Even then, as
you get older - and in this context that means 30 or so - you should think hard
about moving back into the scheme. If your employer says that if you leave the
scheme you will not be allowed back, then it would rarely be worthwhile to take
the chance.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              723 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            April 23, 1987 Thursday

ALL-IN 'SUPER' PROPOSAL FOR QLD WORKERS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: CONNORS D

LENGTH: 513 words


All-in "super' proposal for Qld workers By industrial reporter DENNIS CONNORS
QUEENSLAND workers may get a multi-industry superannuation scheme. The
Queensland Confederation of Industry and Trades and Labor Council are
investigating development of a such a scheme. The multimillion-dollar scheme, if
approved by both organisations, would cover hundreds of thousands of Queensland
workers without superannuation. It has the potential to cover workers in most
Queensland industries, including manufacturing, rural, mining and services.
Portability from job-to-job and industry-to-industry would be a vital part of
the proposal. The TLC and QCI are studying seven tenders from companies
interested in handling the scheme. A firm decision is likely in about two
months. The scheme would have equal numbers of union and employer
representatives on the controlling board, with an independent chairman. The TLC
assistant general secretary, Mr Tom Barton, handling the negotiations on behalf
of the council, said the proposed scheme was not intended to replace any current
union or employer scheme. ""But there are hundreds of thousands of wage and
salary earners who are not members of any scheme. ""This scheme, if it becomes a
reality, would have the potential to cover most of those people," he said.
Similar schemes already had been developed or were under development in Western
Australia, Victoria and Tasmania. The QCI manager, Mr Roger Bryce, said the
scheme would provide a viable alternative to other union or employer schemes
being ""floated around". It would observe all Federal Government and State
Government guidelines, including portability, mandatory auditing and the
directors being Queensland residents. ""We haven't talked about contribution
levels but I don't believe this will become a problem," Mr Bryce said. Both Mr
Bryce and Mr Barton emphasised the scheme was only in the investigative stage.
""I'm confident we can reach some understanding on joint sponsorship of a
superannuation scheme _ as to when and how is still subject to further
discussion and negotiation," Mr Bryce said. He said he hoped this would occur
within two months _""mainly because I think all the people out there in
business, whether employers or employees, would like to know this viable
alternative is available". Mr Bryce said the QCI had not altered its vehement
opposition to the Building Unions' Superannuation scheme, which led the QCI to
develop its own superannuation (QUEST) scheme to oppose it. He said this
opposition was because the BUS scheme was not a genuine superannuation scheme
but a preferred payment operation, in which members received all entitlements
accrued when they left the industry. Under the proposed TLC-QCI scheme,
entitlements would be provided only when a person retired. ""It will be a proper
retirement scheme; not a quick-dollar operation." Mr Bryce said that if the
scheme succeeded, it would be the result of responsible co-operation between the
union movement and employer area _""at least both parties are trying to
co-operate," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              724 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               November 23, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fás schemes are "slave labour" says local councillor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 107

LENGTH: 417 words


November 1991 THE FAS Social Employment Scheme's have been branded as a form of
"slave labour" by Independent Cllr Tommy Foley who says he is totally opposed to
the concept.

Cllr Foley says that people only go on them as a form of therapy and to help to
prevent themselves from going crazy while waiting on for work on the dole queue.

At present there are 17,000 people on 3,000 FAS Social Employment schemes and
the Tralee councillor believes that no one should be asked to do work for the
money that is being paid to those participating on social empls oyment schemes.

"People are entitled to their dignity, and should be paid their fair share that
they are owed" he declared this week.Cllr Foley said that he could not tolerate
any more schemes in the county adding that it is providing very cheap labour for
Kerry County Council.

However, he did praise what he described as the very good work that is being
carried out by those currently working on the schemes.

Cllr Foley said people go on the schemes "to keep out of the mad house" adding
that they get paid just a few pounds more than they would get if they were still
on the dole.

However, not all councillors in the county are opposed to the scheme and Cllr
Michael Cahill, FF, believes the schemes to be excellent. " As far as I can see
everybody on them is only too delighted to be working," he said.

Acting County Manager, Paddy d'Arcy said that no one working in any capacity or
on any project for Kerry County Council are regarded as slaves.

FAS spokesman, Gerard Walker, said that the actual allowance that is being paid
to the scheme participants is in all cases higher that their social welfare
entitlements.

He added that there is a very high demand for the schemes in communities
throughout the country and among potential participants who see the schemes in
terms of getting a toehold in the jobs market.

He said the demand for the schemes are indicative of the popularity of the
schemes. He said they are basically temporary employment schemes. He added that
now that there is a child dependent element included in the payments to scheme
participants.

He pointed out that community, tourism and recreation facilities have benefited
from the schemes.

FAS are now soon to be asked to put a social employment scheme in place in Sneem
at the request of Cllr Michael Connor-Scarteen, Fine Gael, who says that work is
being carried out under the scheme will help the village in it's bid to help
improve the village's marks in the Tidy Towns Competition

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Elaine and Laura O' Donoghue had kisses galore for RTE's Gerry Ryan at
the Revelles Disco in the East Avenue Hotel on Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       August 5, 2016 Friday 8:37 AM  EST

MODEL RAILWAY STATIONS

LENGTH: 385  words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 5 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The 'Model Station' scheme was in vogue between June, 1999 and November, 2008.
594 stations were identified for development under 'Model Station Scheme'. The
names of stations identified under the Model Station Scheme are as under:-

* Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0)

Maintenance of stations including those developed under 'Model' Station Scheme
is a continuous process. Maintenance of these stations is undertaken by various
departments of Indian Railways viz. Civil Engineering, Electrical, Signal &
Telecom, Commercial etc. depending upon the type of the passenger amenities at
the station.

594 Stations including all major and important stations were identified and
already developed under Model Station Schemes. This scheme was in vogue between
June, 1999 and November, 2008. Subsequently, a new Scheme was launched in 2006
as Modern Station Scheme which covered facade of the station building,
circulating area, improving illumination etc. in addition to the other desirable
amenities prescribed in the Model station scheme. 637 stations were identified
and already developed under this scheme. Further, the scheme of Adarsh station
was launched in year 2009. Under this scheme, 1252 stations have so far been
selected for development as Adarsh station. These schemes have evolved over a
period of time by including newer areas of focus into the earlier schemes. At
present, stations are upgraded under 'Adarsh Station Scheme' which is a more
comprehensive scheme and incorporates the basic features of Model/Modern schemes
as well as provides special focus on the key areas like conforming to the ethnic
ethos, quick entry and exists of passengers, smooth entry from the civil road to
station premises, better signages, wide Foot over bridges etc. in addition to
the facilities prescribed under Model/Modern Stations. Selection of stations
under this scheme is based on the needs and expectation of the travelling public
and the availability of funds.

Rs. 1649 Crore has been allocated for the purpose during the current year. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Bankers guarded on new scheme to fix bad loans

LENGTH: 723 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 25 -- Bankers are looking forward to the Reserve Bank of India's
(RBI's) new scheme to tackle bad loans. But they are also keeping their fingers
crossed owing to its limited applicability, as also the absence of provisions to
cut down lengthy legal processes.

Though previous tools to arrest mounting non-performing assets (NPAs) did not
provide satisfactory results, bankers have started examining the applicability
of the 'Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets' (S4A) introduced
last month by the apex bank.

Crisil has estimated weak assets in the Indian banking system to touch a high of
Rs 800,000 crore by the end of the current fiscal. The RBI's latest Financial
Stability Report suggested that the GNPA (Gross non-performing asset) ratio
might rise to 8.5 per cent by March 2017 from 7.6 per cent in March 2016.

The new scheme envisages banks will need to divide the existing debt of a
company into "sustainable" and "unsustainable". The sustainable part is that
share of the debt that can be serviced by the company on the strength of its
current cash flows.

As for the unsustainable amount, banks are allowed to convert that part of the
debt to equity or quasi-equity instruments. The scheme provides for determining
the sustainable amount of the debt through a techno economic viability (TEV)
study to be conducted by an independent body.

The TEV study is required by the banks to understand the risks inherent in any
restructuring of loans.

"TEV study is important for the projects, because it helps to determine which
part is sustainable and which is not. There are ifs and buts with regard to
S4A," said United Bank of India's Executive Director Sanjay Arya.

"But shortcomings or weaknesses, if any, would be detected after the scheme is
tested. Not many proposals have come so far," said Arya. He also felt the scheme
may not impact the lengthy legal and judicial processes.

"The scheme is apparently fine but the huge time taken for judicial and legal
processes is not going to go away," Arya said.

Another top banker said the applicability of the scheme to various stressed
companies was being looked into.

"We are currently examining the applicability of this scheme to various
companies under stress. So far we have not approved any proposal under the
scheme," State Bank of India Managing Director (Corporate Banking) B. Sriram
said.

According to the scheme, it will cover projects that have started commercial
operations and have outstanding loan of over Rs 500 crore. Thus there is limited
applicability of the scheme.

"There are different schemes available. S4A is applicable to some stressed
corporates while some others will not be eligible. The scheme is good and let us
see, how it pans out," said Dena Bank Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani
Kumar.

Sriram said it was a meaningful scheme for some of the companies.

"It gives opportunity to the promoter to restructure his business and service
the debt. At the same time the scheme also ensures sacrifice on the part of
promoters and incentivises the successful implementation of the scheme due to
improvement in value of the company," he said.

In a bid to deal with stressed companies, the RBI had earlier formulated schemes
like corporate debt restructuring (CDR), joint lenders forum (JLR), strategic
debt restructuring (SDR), A5/25 scheme and sale of assets to asset
reconstruction companies. But the level of non-performing assets has continued
to rise.

Asked to compare the previous schemes with S4A, Sriram said: "The schemes have
different purposes and benefits. They can be applied to different companies
facing different types of issues."

Another leading rating agency was bullish about the independent TEV study
envisaged by the new scheme.

"In the past, accounts, which were refinanced/ restructured after TEV studies,
have not shown satisfactory performance," said ICRA's Senior VP and Co-head
Financial Sector ratings Karthik Srinivasan.

The key difference between SDR and S4A lies in that while the earlier
formulation prescribes change in existing promoters, S4A as such does not
prescribe change in existing promoters, Srinivasan added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

CM asks PHE dept to evolve maintenance of water, sanitation schemes

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 48

LENGTH: 693  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has directed Public Health Engineering
(PHE)  and  Rural Development Department (RDD) to convert their water supply
schemes on solar system so that water supply to small villages could be made
uninterrupted.

This he said while presiding over a meeting regarding the development schemes of
PHE and RDD here at the Cm House today. Those who attended the meeting include,
Senior Minister for Finance  and  Energy Syed Murad Ali Shah,  Special Assistant
to CM for PHE  and  RDD Fayaz Butt, Chief Secretary Siddique Memon, Additional
Chief Secretary (Dev) Aijaz Ali Khan, Principal Secretary to CM Alamuddin Bullo,
Secretary PHE  and  RDD Imran Atta Soomro, chief engineers PHE  and  RDD and
other concerned staff.

Chief Engineering PH and E Nafees Shaikh said that over all 139 schemes,
including 66 water supply and 73 drainage schemes were going on at cost of
Rs1993.583 million against which the finance department has released Rs1706.236
million and so far the utilization of the released funds is Rs888.864 million.

He said that 59 new schemes, including 27 water supply and 32 drainage schemes
have been identified for which the government has allocated Rs490.659 million.
"These schemes are at the final stage of the approval and would be launched
shortly," he said.

Talking about rehabilitation of non-functional schemes, the chief engineer said
that 100 are water supply and other 100 are drainage schemes. Their
rehabilitation cost has been approved at Rs2900 million, out of which Rs1821.994
million have been released. Over Rs916 million have been utilized out of the
released amount.

Replying to a question the chief engineer said that 57 water supply and drainage
schemes would be completed by the end of 2015-16. On this the chief minister
directed the Additional Aijaz Ali Khan to conduct inspection of each and every
scheme being completed by the end of current financial year. "Most of the
schemes of PHE are not up to the mark in terms of their quality and utility," he
said.

Secretary PHE and RDD Imran Atta Soomro said that PHE construct schemes and then
handover to the concerned community. The community usually fails to operate the
scheme due to lack of funds. The chief minister directed the chief secretary to
work out a proposal either to hand over the schemes to local government to
create a repair and maintenance wing in the PHE so that community could take
benefit from these schemes.

The chief engineer RDD said that his department has focused different sectors
such as link roads (farm to market roads), water supply  and  sanitation,
coastal area water supply and sanitation, water supply to brackish water zones,
environment (CC block pavements), rehabilitation of hand pumps contaminated from
arsenic in rural areas, mobile drinking water testing and safety measures
advisory project and solar street lights.

He said that in the different sectors this year 26 schemes have been launched
Rs1 billion. The chief minister said that the scheme of mobile drinking water
testing  and  safety measures advisory project would be of great importance.

"In this way the government would be able to collect data of the areas where
unhealthy water exists. This would help the government to formulate new schemes
according to the data collected RDD," he said.

Talking about solar streetlights, the chief minister said that solar street
lights schemes have become so popular in the rural areas that every one asking
for such schemes.

Finance Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah said that the companies installing solar
light must have a complete infrastructure to main them round the year.

CM's advisor on PHE  and  RDD Fayaz Butt said that he was making such contracts
with the companies which not only install solar lights but keep them
maintaining. "In order to avoid theft of the lights and ensure quality work I
have involved deputy commissioners by constituting monitoring committees under
them." he said.

The chief minister in his concluding remarks urged the ACD (development) to
further strengthen his monitoring system to ensure quality of the schemes and
keep him sending his reports with necessary recommendation.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Inishowen roads "will become neglected" without community scheme

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 526  words


Inishowen's Fianna Fail representatives have condemned the withdrawal of funding
for the Community Involvement Scheme under the 2015 Regional and Local Road
Grant Allocations.

The scheme assists members of the local community to work with Donegal County
Council in order to carry out essential works to local roads and has previously
been employed across various areas on the Peninsula.

In a joint statement, Deputy Charlie McConalougue and Councillors Paul Canning,
Rena Donaghey and Martin McDermott have expressed their shock that no provisions
have been made under the 2015 allocation in order to continue the scheme.

Speaking following the revelation Deputy McConalogue commented: "Since the 2015
Local Road allocations have been announced we have heard government
representatives lauding over the allocation given to Donegal. However like many
other government announcements it appears that the devil is in the detail.

"The Community Involvement Scheme allowed local communities to take action to
address road problems alongside the council. Without the scheme there is no
avenue for funding and therefore many roads will become neglected."

Councillor Martin McDermott re-iterated Deputy McConalogue's point regarding the
schemes importance to the local community.

He said: "The removal of this scheme is yet another attack on the rural
communities of Inishowen. Since being elected I have worked with local
communities via the community scheme to secure funding for problem roads across
the peninsula. Without this scheme these roads would simply have been neglected.
The scheme must remain in place."

Councillor Rena Donaghey cited the widening of Mamore Gap as a case where the
Community Involvement Scheme was successfully put to use.

She said: "The widening of Mamore Gap garnered national attention as a success
story as to how local communities can work with the council to resolve road
issues. The widening project simply would not have happened without the support
of the Community Involvement Scheme. It was highly beneficial for the local
community and helped strengthen Mamore as a major tourist attraction in
Inishowen. This is just one of the countless examples where this scheme was of
enormous benefit to local communities."

Councillor Paul Canning described the scheme as essential for local communities
across Inishowen.

He said: "Without the scheme many parts of the local road network around the
Inishowen peninsula would be impassable. Many residents from across the area
have contacted me to express their concerns regarding the withdrawal of this
funding. This scheme is essential to the Inishowen community and it must be
adequately funded.

Deputy McConalogue concluded; "It is clear that this scheme needs immediate
funding. My colleagues and I are calling on the Minister for Transport to
urgently address this shortfall in funding for the Community Involvement Scheme.
The government has continually failed to invest in major infrastructure in Co
Donegal and have consistently targeted rural communities for savings. If this
scheme is removed it will be another blow for Inishowen. We will continue to
work to oppose this cutback."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apna Rozgar to end up like yellow-cab scam, PTI says

LENGTH: 298  words


PTI Punjab Ejaz Chaudhary severely criticized Apna Rozagar scheme he said PMLN
launched this scheme to put money in their own pockets.

He said that this scheme was very similar to yellow cab scheme which has
completely failed to generate employment and was a scandal of corruption which
was a mark of PMLN government every time they come in to power.

He said computerized balloting was complete fraud like yellow cab &amp; laptop
scheme these vehicles will be given to friend &amp; family on cheap rates so
that can be sold on higher rates to make money.

Secretary General Yasmin Rashid severely condemned the scheme and said this
money should be spend on training and development of people so that they can
earn money.

She said government always comes up with scheme like yellow cab Sasti Roti and
Ashiana Housing Scheme, which have corruption in them.

She said that millions of rupees were spend on the advertisement from public
money which was just a promotion of the chief minister to deceive the public
into believing that lot of development work taking place in Punjab.

Information Secretary Andleeb Abbas said such scheme was a failed attempt of
Punjab government she said that after the big failure of youth loan scheme in
which even after one year not a single rupee was given to youth as bank have
show their reluctance to give lone which they know will never be returned.

She said its' an ill planed scheme where cheep vehicles will be given to blue
eyed people. She said banks have already withdrawn youth loan scheme and will
withdraw this scheme, as they know like other scheme these schemes will be
financed by the taxpayer's money rather than the borrowers' cash.

She demanded that the government should explain when the yellow cab scheme
failed how could this scheme succeed? Online

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                October 5, 2014

Pensions: Devil's in the detail when it comes to DB and DC schemes

SECTION: COMMERCIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 831 words


We often hear about defined benefit (DB) schemes being underfunded, where the
assets are not sufficient at a point in time to pay all the pensions that are
due to the members of the scheme. There are a number of reasons for this, the
main ones being the performance of the investments of the schemes and the
increase in the costs of pensions resulting from lower bond rates and people
living longer.

In order to get back to being fully funded, either the contributions to the
scheme have to increase or the benefits lowered. This has been the reality for
many members of DB schemes over the last few years and most are now closed to
new members.

With that being the case, most employees in the private sector are now members
of Defined Contribution (DC) schemes where the benefits they receive will depend
entirely on how much is in their individual account when they come to retire.
While these are subject to the same issues of investment returns and increasing
cost of pensions, there is little or no discussion of how well funded they are.

A major survey of 6,430 DC schemes throughout Ireland, undertaken by the IAPF,
indicated that they are also underfunded. The average total contribution being
paid-in amounts to just 11.1 per cent of salary - with an average of 5.7 per
cent coming from the employer and 5.4 per cent from employees.

While the average total contribution is 11.1 per cent and the contribution
levels of those in larger schemes is fairly consistent at between 8 per cent and
15 per cent, the survey found that those in smaller schemes, particularly those
with just a handful of employees, tend to buck the trend with either much larger
or smaller contributions.

The survey also looked at the projected pension income that this level of
contribution was likely to generate for individuals who joined the pension
scheme at varying ages on differing salaries. What can be concluded from the
results is that many workers in these pension schemes (even those with long
service) may not achieve the comfortable retirement life they had planned unless
they take a more active role in their retirement planning and keep track of
their own benefits, and ultimately do everything they can to enhance those
benefits.

The survey also revealed the following highlights:

-- Over half (53 per cent) of employers of smaller schemes (1 to 100 members)
contributed less than 5 per cent. This level of funding, on its own, is
insufficient and those involved in these schemes should consider either upping
the level of contributions or looking at other retirement funding options.

-- While there's a growing appreciation of the need to boost total
contributions, only 4.5 per cent of larger schemes contribute more than 15 per
cent in total.

-- Projected pension from 65 as a percentage of final salary based on 11.1 per
cent contribution rate is as follows;

These projected figures do not include the state contributory pension.

If we take a typical worker retiring on a salary of EUR 50,000, having joined
the scheme at 35 and contributing for 30 years, they would receive a pension of
just EUR 8,500 per year, which is probably far less than they were hoping for.
While the state pension would add EUR 12,000 per year to this figure from age
66, it is still only 41 per cent of that person's pre-retirement income.

While there has been much publicity around potential cuts in benefits for those
in the traditional DB pension schemes, those employees in DC schemes could face
even greater pension adequacy issues.

The key difference is that those in DC schemes generally have far greater
control over the size of their individual pension pot and the investment
options. Employees typically make up half of the contributions and many schemes
offer matching upgrades where the employer will match additional contributions
that the employee chooses to make. As well as an employer contribution,
employees also receive tax relief on contributions.

Late entry to the pension scheme has been an issue in many companies, though
some employers have overcome this reluctance by making membership of the pension
scheme the default option on the first day of employment - thus ensuring that
new employees have to actively opt out if they don't want it.

Employees in DC schemes do need to pay more attention to the schemes they are
in, the level of contributions they are making and how they are invested. They
receive annual statements from the scheme and many will be able to access their
details online.

They need to know what they are likely to get and what action they can take,
such as changing investment strategy or increasing contributions. They should
also work out what their income needs will be in retirement and whether their
pension, together with any other investments they may have, will meet those
needs. While this becomes more important to people as they approach retirement,
it may be too late to take action. It is a really an issue that people should
consider at all stages of their career.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Suckler beef farmers show poor interest in State-backed schemes

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 924 words


There are almost 73,000 suckler cow farmers in the country, but fewer than
34,500 applied for the schemes.

The low uptake is evident across all counties.

In 2008, over 53,000 farmers had applied for the suckler cow welfare scheme. One
has to ask, why have so many of the country s lowest earning farmers ignored
this chance of extra earnings through a government scheme?

Suckler beef farming is characterised by very low profitability.

Teagasc s National Farm Survey of 2013 showed the average family farm income for
cattle rearing farms (on which suckler cow production is the dominant
enterprise) was just  9,469 (22% down from 2012).Compare this to the  64,371
average family farm income for dairy systems,  15,595 for cattle other systems
(on which cattle fattening is the dominant farm enterprise),  11,160 for sheep
systems and  29,907 for tillage systems. The figures speak for themselves.With
low income in suckler beef farming, one would expect farmers in this system to
make the most of government schemes.

Fianna Fáil s spokesperson on agriculture and food, Éamon Ó Cuív, TD, points the
figure at the high level of bureaucracy in beef support schemes. He said,
Farmers are being discouraged from applying to agri-schemes because of the high
level of red tape involved for very little return . But is there more than
bureaucracy to blame?

Firstly, let s look at the possible financial return from the schemes. Let s
take a 50-cow suckler herd, with each cow producing one calf. The Beef Genomics
Scheme is worth  40 per calf, this amounts to a payment of  2,000, if all
conditions of the scheme are met. There is the cost of DNA sampling 15% of the
herd. For a 50-cow herd, this equates to eight animals at a cost of  30 each, so
240 will be deducted from the  2,000, for DNA sampling, this still leaves a Beef
Genomics Scheme payment of  1,760.

The farmer also has to participate in the Beef Data Programme, as one of the
qualifying conditions of the Beef Genomics Scheme. The Beef Data Programme
payment is  20 for the first 30 calves and  10 for the next 20. So the farmer
with 50 suckler cows which produce 50 calves can expect a BDP payment of  800.

This brings a total payment to the farmer under the two schemes of  2,560.

Even for a 30 cow herd, fully complying with all the scheme rules, it is still
worth  1,620.

They are not huge payments, and are smaller than what suckler farmers were used
to in the Suckler Cow Welfare Scheme. But BGS and BDP payments could help pay
for feed or fertiliser, etc.

Minister Coveney has made proposals in the Rural Development Plan for higher
payments under the two schemes, to increase to  80 from next year (when farmers
will again have the opportunity to apply to participate).

Something as simple as the names of the schemes might have put farmers off.
Talking to some Teagasc advisors, I gather that there were many calls from
confused farmers who had received their application forms for the schemes, but
didn t understand they were about. Perhaps the Department of Agriculture should
have included a helpsheet with the application forms explaining simply what was
involved, and how it would benefit the farmer in the long run. Or maybe they
should have held information evenings around the country to explain the scheme
to farmers.

If farmers knew exactly what they would have to do in the scheme, and what they
would get in return, maybe more would have signed up. The Minister said at the
launch of the schemes that they would help to accelerate genetic improvement
that will increase profitability for suckler farmers, and they are part of his
plan to make Ireland a beef breeding world leader. So it is a little
disappointing that he and his Department didn t push harder for a higher uptake.

Another possible reason for farmers not applying is how long they would have to
wait for their payments. Participants in the 2013 Beef Data Programme only
recently started to receive payment for that scheme. That s too long to wait for
payment on calves that were born over a year ago   scheme information having
been recorded by farmers around this time last year, and most of the scheme
requirements having been met well in time for farmers with spring born calves to
be paid before the end of the year.

Or is low uptake of this year s schemes a sign of extremely low morale among
suckler farmers?

I attended a suckler beef discussion group meeting recently in Mayo, where
suckler beef farming is a major enterprise. All of the farmers present
questioned if they had a future in suckler farming.

Many of them were very gloomy about the future, and thinking of changing to
other enterprises, due to changing beef market specifications, falling demand
for continental breed cattle originating from the suckler herd, and mart
managers warning that weanling prices will be significantly lower this autumn.

Farmers are very resilient, determined and committed, and would normally grab
any chance to improve their income through government schemes. But it seems that
the fight is gone out of them   and many of them didn t think that joining the
BGS and BDP would make their futures any more sustainable.

Next year, the payment under the two schemes is set to increase to  80 per calf.
Presumably the minister will open the schemes again to new applicants early next
year. But farmers don t like too much form filling and paper work, and the
minister should be aware of that. Hopefully, he can reduce the bureaucracy and
successfully encourage farmers to join the schemes and, as a result, improve
farm incomes

.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Q&A: Collective pension schemes and how they work

BYLINE: Harriet Meyertheguardian.com

LENGTH: 823 words

ABSTRACT

Pooled pension funds promise lower risk and higher returns. But what are they
and are they good for savers?

FULL TEXT

The government has announced a shakeup of the way workers save for retirement
with the introduction of collective pension schemes.

Ministers claim the measures, which were confirmed in the Queen's speech, will
boost savers' chances of getting a higher retirement income by pooling funds and
spreading risk - but what are these schemes and will they benefit you?

What is happening?

From as early as 2016, employees will be able to pay into huge workplace funds
shared with other pension scheme members. Contributions will be pooled instead
of having individual pots for each saver.

Schemes can be large enough to include workers across an entire industry rather
than a single company. The pension that is paid out at retirement comes from the
pooled fund and is typically a proportion of average salary.

However, the detail of of exactly how the new schemes will work in the UK has
yet to be finalised.

Known as collective pension schemes or collective defined-contribution plans,
these schemes are common in Denmark and the Netherlands, where sometimes tens of
thousands of employees pay into a single scheme.

Why the need for a new scheme?

Current schemes can be too expensive for employers or too risky for employees,
since there is no guarantee of what retirement income will be. The lucky few
have access to defined benefit, or final-salary schemes, offering savers a
guaranteed income when they retire, but these are too expensive for most
companies to offer.

The majority have been replaced by defined-contribution, or money-purchase
schemes. These place the burden of risk with individual employees, whose
retirement income will depend on factors such as stock market performance.
Collective pension schemes are proposed as a middle ground. They spread risk
among a wider number of people, while offering a target income at retirement.
Ministers say they offer better value with less money being to be eaten up by
management charges.

Are the changes going to boost my pension?

Maybe. Pensions minister Steve Webb thinks so. He claims that collective pension
schemes are "some of the best in the world" and that they could offer savers a
30% bigger pension than current schemes.

Pensions expert Ros Altmann pensions expert says the size of a collective fund
makes it possible for the manager to invest in a wider range of assets with the
aim of higher returns than current schemes.

The concept of a target income is also likely to appeal to many who face little
security over what their retirement income will be. The income can also be
linked to inflation

Are there any drawbacks?

Altmann says the government would be "absolutely right" to allow companies to
offer these schemes. However, she adds: "It is important not to over-hype the
potential benefits of such pension arrangements". This type of scheme has
several drawbacks.

The target income may slump if investments fail to perform as expected. Altmann
also warns that older members may end up with a bigger portion of benefits than
younger members if forecasts of future returns and life expectancy are wrong.

She adds that lower earners could also end up subsidising wealthier members, as
people on lower wages tend to have a shorter life expectancy.

The schemes also rely on employers signing up thousands, or even tens of
thousands, of employees. Under the government's auto-enrolment rollout, which
sees all workers placed in a pension scheme, all but the smallest companies are
already signed up to pension schemes.

How does this fit with the other pension reforms?

There are concerns over how the changes will work alongside new pensions
freedoms announced in March's budget and set to come into force in April 2015,
enabling retirees to take out their entire pension pot as cash. It is not clear
whether members of collective schemes will be granted the same freedom. These
schemes rely on money remaining in a massive pot to be invested. If retired
workers take all their savings out then the pool will shrink and become riskier
for those who are still working. This could see the pension income that younger
generations receive at retirement slashed.

"The big problem is that these schemes are based on collective risk sharing,
with individual interests subordinated in pursuit of better overall terms for
all," says Tom McPhail, head of pensions research at Hargreaves Lansdown.

"They work very like with-profits funds with actuaries using their skill and
judgment to share returns across members and across generations of members. This
was fine as far as it went until the chancellor stood up and promised that
anyone who wants to can take their money out any time from age 55 onwards.

"This means an employer selecting one of these colective schemes may have to
explain to their staff why they'll be missing out on these new pension freedoms.
Good luck with that."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              733 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Tax amnesty scheme: Parliament's nod mandatory

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 224

LENGTH: 407  words


The government has to obtain powers from the Parliament under Income Tax
Ordinance 2001 for launching any tax amnesty scheme for legalising undisclosed
assets and income, as presently no law allows the FBR to draft or notify such
scheme for tax evaders.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Wednesday that the FBR has no legal
authority to introduce any kind of amnesty scheme. Even if the present
government thinks of launching a new amnesty scheme for legalisation of
undisclosed assets and income, the same cannot be implemented. In budget
(2013-14), the provisions of Section 120A of the Income Tax Ordinance have been
omitted. This means that the FBR shall have no power to introduce any whitening
scheme as was done in the year 2008 by issuing Circular No 3 of 2008.

Under the abolished section 120A (Investment Tax on income) of the Ordinance
2001, the Board may introduce a scheme of payment of investment tax in respect
of undisclosed income, representing any amount or investment made in movable or
immovable assets. In the absence of such powers under section 120A, the FBR
cannot introduce any new scheme.

Sources were surprised that why the budget makers in 2013-14 withdrew the powers
to introduce the amnesty scheme. For example, if the present government wanted
to introduce such scheme, the FBR has to first amend the Income Tax Ordinance
2001 seeking new powers for introducing such scheme. At present the FBR has no
option to implement such scheme.

Sources said that it was a wrong policy decision to take away the option
available to the FBR for notifying such scheme for the general public. Now, the
government is required to promulgate a Presidential Ordinance or introduce
Finance Amendment Ordinance to launch such a scheme, if necessary.

If the government wanted to have a new amnesty scheme for legalisation of
undisclosed assets and income, the FBR has to restore the powers under Section
120A of the Income Tax Ordinance. The two tax incentive schemes, i.e., Tax
Registration Enforcement Initiative, 2012 and Investment Tax Scheme, 2012 faced
stiff resistance in the Parliament by the former political regime. It was argued
that the tax amnesty scheme of the FBR requires improvement to more
appropriately cover all aspects of documentation and legalisation of
un-explained source of assets and income. The scheme was scheduled to be
launched from November 1, 2012, but now it has been delayed for further
improvement.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

All 'Amnesty' cars must be reverted back to pre-SRO position: IHC issues
detailed judgement

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ and TAHIR AMIN

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 203

LENGTH: 1632  words


Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Monday declared that amnesty scheme to legalise
non-duty paid smuggled cars had caused a direct revenue loss of Rs 35 billion to
the national kitty and that it further encouraged smuggling, creating a parallel
black market for vehicles. According to a detailed judgement issued in case of
amnesty scheme here on Monday, IHC declared that impugned scheme with SRO No
172(I)/2013 dated 5.3.2013 is illegal, unconstitutional, void ab-initio.

IHC has said that approximately Rs 51 billion has been estimated from
legalisation of 50,901 smuggled vehicles through auction proceeds. On the other
hand, only Rs 15.8 billion has been collected under the Amnesty Scheme. Thus the
Amnesty Scheme had resulted in a direct loss of Rs 35 billion to the national
exchequer, in addition to the environmental hazards and rising import bill of
fuel and spares.

From the customs data collected, it appears that 50,901 vehicles have been
regularised by paying Rs 15,862.27 million as duties and taxes which could have
been much more had the regular rate of duties/taxes been applied to such
vehicles. The recovery would have been three to four times greater than what FBR
claims. Though the Amnesty Scheme may have been intended for regularisation of
vehicles already smuggled into Pakistan, it has created, in its present form, a
far worse situation by encouraging and motivating further smuggling of cars in
connivance with customs and other government officials. Such state of affairs
has resulted in a colossal revenue loss to the national exchequer, which was
expected from vehicles imported under the Baggage Scheme, regularisation of
smuggled cars with full tax impact and also those from the import of brand new
cars on market saturation in the coming years, it said.

The IHC has also declared that all cars registered under the Amnesty Scheme must
be seized and reverted back to pre-SRO position, vehicles smuggled after
announcement of scheme be confiscated forthwith and criminal proceedings must be
initiated against corrupt customs officials.

The corrupt customs/ government officials must be uprooted and legal action by
way of initiating criminal proceedings to be investigated by FIA against all
government officials including Chairman FBR involved in introducing, approving
and executing Amnesty scheme.

IHC further directed that the vehicles smuggled after announcement of scheme be
confiscated forthwith and entry of these vehicles which have still not been
brought to Pakistan be banned and if brought be confiscated and auctioned in
accordance with the law. All vehicles above the age of three years may also be
confiscated. Besides, tighter border controls must be placed to ensure that
smuggling is prevented and all violators severely punished.

In these peculiar conditions and economy's situation it is directed that in
future no government department be allowed to import luxury vehicles and all the
departments may be directed to use the locally manufactured vehicles, but to
improve the standard of manufacturing/ assembling of vehicles in Pakistan; some
remedial steps may be taken. There should be a complete ban on government, Semi
Government Departments, Statutory bodies/ organisations and corporations to
import any kind of luxury vehicles on any pretext whatsoever. However, Jeeps
(SUVs) like vehicles used for defence purpose and for law enforcement agencies
are exempted from this direction.

IHC observed that the Competition Commission of Pakistan (CCP) warned the
federal government and FBR about the negative consequences of Amnesty Scheme,
but no credence was given by the persons who had conspired to yield bounties for
themselves marring the national interest. The electronic and print media also
raised questions about the vindication of impugned scheme but ignored by
officials, who were bent upon causing loss to the country's economy. As per the
report of the Federal Tax Ombudsman, the Amnesty Scheme has caused billions of
rupees loss to the national exchequer and that such amnesty schemes have also
subsisted in the past during the period 1998 to 2007 where around 17,381
vehicles were cleared under-six similar schemes. As per FTO's report, a total of
1,405 vehicles were cleared on only 61 ID cards and 50/50 vehicles were cleared
on just one ID card indicating the Karachi Collectorate to have cleared most of
such vehicles. He further reported that several hundred cars are still parked at
Tokyo Auction Yard but they have been cleared in the country under the Amnesty
scheme-Indicating a mega corruption is underway through the Tax Amnesty Scheme.

IHC said that the Amnesty Scheme is also discriminatory as in that persons
importing motor vehicles through the normal scheme have not been extended the
tax/duty concessions where such vehicles are imported in violation of the Import
Policy Order. The Amnesty Scheme also extends the advantage of extra
depreciation allowance benefit to owners of smuggled/non-duty paid motor
vehicles. Under the normal scheme, a person is allowed to import motor vehicles
up to a maximum of three (03) years old under the Personal Baggage, Transfer of
Residence, and Gift schemes and may claim depreciation allowance up-to a maximum
of forty eight percent (48 percent). However, under the Amnesty Scheme, no age
limit has been set for smuggled/non-duty paid motor vehicles. Furthermore,
depreciation allowance up-to 60 percent and 72 percent (depending on the
category and age of car) may be claimed thereby again giving undue advantage to
owners of smuggled vehicles in the form of extra depredation reward of even 100
percent, subject to the trifling payment of US $500 or Rs 100,000/- as made
applicable.

The Amnesty Scheme has also seriously affected the local car market and
automobile manufactures by disrupting the competitive market and creating a
parallel black or grey market for vehicles especially if the government
continues with such amnesty schemes in future. This whole amnesty thing has put
the future prospects of local auto industry in jeopardy as they cannot place
effective long term policies fearing anti-industry schemes like the one in the
instant case to harm their returns, it said.

The scheme was meant only for vehicles that were already smuggled into Pakistan
and were being used without payment of due duties/taxes, but reportedly a large
number of vehicles were smuggled into Pakistan for regularisation under the
amnesty scheme after the scheme was launched. Furthermore, vehicles which were
already confiscated by the custom authorities have also been released against
payment of duty under the Amnesty Scheme whereas the auction of such released
vehicles would have yielded quadruple the amount recovered via the Amnesty
Scheme.

It is also reported that a large number of vehicles - duty of which have been
received - are still not brought in Pakistan and are parked at "Dubai;
Bandarabass Port, Iran; Herrat and Kandahar and some vehicles are on the Chaman
and Miran Shah Boarders for making entry into Pakistan. It is a double crime and
shows about the inefficiency, dishonesty, malafide, ulterior motives and
inferior designs of officials being paid from the public exchequer to 'protect'
the rights of country but for their personal interest and motivated objects they
allowed manipulation to cause loss to Pakistan, IHC said.

It is beyond comprehension that why the Amnesty Scheme has been made applicable
to vehicles already confiscated by customs authorities which could have fetched
far more revenue through open auction. Perhaps the government officials would
also desire reaping fruits of their sullied hands by taking a piece of the pie.
The Amnesty Scheme has also accommodated import of vehicles which were stuck at
ports or in transit after age limit reduction from 5 years to 3 years.

Therefore, in proposing and issuing the SRO, the Federal Government has failed
to appreciate the serious adverse consequences of the stimulus provided under
the Amnesty Scheme and without fully deliberating on the same. The SRO is,
accordingly, bad in law for the following reasons: It favours tax evaders and
puts the honest taxpayers at a disadvantage.

Such schemes, announced at random, are against Article 25 of the Constitution as
these violate the guarantee against arbitrary decisions at the whim and under
the fancies of rulers. It favours unscrupulous taxpayers, leading to unjustified
and hostile discrimination resulting in a violation of equality clause of the
Constitution. This scheme, amounting to approving the crimes of tax evasion,
rent-seeking and money laundering will have pernicious effect on the general
moral fabric of society.

All such moves put integrity at a discount and place a premium on vulgar and
ostentatious display of wealth. This shatters the faith of the common man in the
dignity of honest labour and virtuous living. It does not provide a level
playing field to all stakeholders, especially the local automobile manufacturers
to benefit from the Amnesty scheme.

It promotes anti-competitive market behaviour by saturating the market with
cheaper, older and high maintenance vehicles, effectively, collecting long term
junk and attracting the middle class to opt for such affordable cars as opposed
to buying new or relatively less used and more efficient imported vehicles.

It creates a black/grey market for vehicles or a special deal offer to the
corrupt elements of society by not only financially incentivizing, but also
encouraging smuggling of more and more vehicles if such Amnesty Scheme is
allowed to persist. It discriminates against law abiding and taxpaying citizens
and discourages them from gaining confidence in the legal system, especially in
the tax regime which is to be administered justly and fairly across the board.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

All 'Amnesty' cars must be reverted back to pre-SRO position: IHC issues
detailed judgement

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ and TAHIR AMIN

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 203

LENGTH: 1632  words


Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Monday declared that amnesty scheme to legalise
non-duty paid smuggled cars had caused a direct revenue loss of Rs 35 billion to
the national kitty and that it further encouraged smuggling, creating a parallel
black market for vehicles. According to a detailed judgement issued in case of
amnesty scheme here on Monday, IHC declared that impugned scheme with SRO No
172(I)/2013 dated 5.3.2013 is illegal, unconstitutional, void ab-initio.

IHC has said that approximately Rs 51 billion has been estimated from
legalisation of 50,901 smuggled vehicles through auction proceeds. On the other
hand, only Rs 15.8 billion has been collected under the Amnesty Scheme. Thus the
Amnesty Scheme had resulted in a direct loss of Rs 35 billion to the national
exchequer, in addition to the environmental hazards and rising import bill of
fuel and spares.

From the customs data collected, it appears that 50,901 vehicles have been
regularised by paying Rs 15,862.27 million as duties and taxes which could have
been much more had the regular rate of duties/taxes been applied to such
vehicles. The recovery would have been three to four times greater than what FBR
claims. Though the Amnesty Scheme may have been intended for regularisation of
vehicles already smuggled into Pakistan, it has created, in its present form, a
far worse situation by encouraging and motivating further smuggling of cars in
connivance with customs and other government officials. Such state of affairs
has resulted in a colossal revenue loss to the national exchequer, which was
expected from vehicles imported under the Baggage Scheme, regularisation of
smuggled cars with full tax impact and also those from the import of brand new
cars on market saturation in the coming years, it said.

The IHC has also declared that all cars registered under the Amnesty Scheme must
be seized and reverted back to pre-SRO position, vehicles smuggled after
announcement of scheme be confiscated forthwith and criminal proceedings must be
initiated against corrupt customs officials.

The corrupt customs/ government officials must be uprooted and legal action by
way of initiating criminal proceedings to be investigated by FIA against all
government officials including Chairman FBR involved in introducing, approving
and executing Amnesty scheme.

IHC further directed that the vehicles smuggled after announcement of scheme be
confiscated forthwith and entry of these vehicles which have still not been
brought to Pakistan be banned and if brought be confiscated and auctioned in
accordance with the law. All vehicles above the age of three years may also be
confiscated. Besides, tighter border controls must be placed to ensure that
smuggling is prevented and all violators severely punished.

In these peculiar conditions and economy's situation it is directed that in
future no government department be allowed to import luxury vehicles and all the
departments may be directed to use the locally manufactured vehicles, but to
improve the standard of manufacturing/ assembling of vehicles in Pakistan; some
remedial steps may be taken. There should be a complete ban on government, Semi
Government Departments, Statutory bodies/ organisations and corporations to
import any kind of luxury vehicles on any pretext whatsoever. However, Jeeps
(SUVs) like vehicles used for defence purpose and for law enforcement agencies
are exempted from this direction.

IHC observed that the Competition Commission of Pakistan (CCP) warned the
federal government and FBR about the negative consequences of Amnesty Scheme,
but no credence was given by the persons who had conspired to yield bounties for
themselves marring the national interest. The electronic and print media also
raised questions about the vindication of impugned scheme but ignored by
officials, who were bent upon causing loss to the country's economy. As per the
report of the Federal Tax Ombudsman, the Amnesty Scheme has caused billions of
rupees loss to the national exchequer and that such amnesty schemes have also
subsisted in the past during the period 1998 to 2007 where around 17,381
vehicles were cleared under-six similar schemes. As per FTO's report, a total of
1,405 vehicles were cleared on only 61 ID cards and 50/50 vehicles were cleared
on just one ID card indicating the Karachi Collectorate to have cleared most of
such vehicles. He further reported that several hundred cars are still parked at
Tokyo Auction Yard but they have been cleared in the country under the Amnesty
scheme-Indicating a mega corruption is underway through the Tax Amnesty Scheme.

IHC said that the Amnesty Scheme is also discriminatory as in that persons
importing motor vehicles through the normal scheme have not been extended the
tax/duty concessions where such vehicles are imported in violation of the Import
Policy Order. The Amnesty Scheme also extends the advantage of extra
depreciation allowance benefit to owners of smuggled/non-duty paid motor
vehicles. Under the normal scheme, a person is allowed to import motor vehicles
up to a maximum of three (03) years old under the Personal Baggage, Transfer of
Residence, and Gift schemes and may claim depreciation allowance up-to a maximum
of forty eight percent (48 percent). However, under the Amnesty Scheme, no age
limit has been set for smuggled/non-duty paid motor vehicles. Furthermore,
depreciation allowance up-to 60 percent and 72 percent (depending on the
category and age of car) may be claimed thereby again giving undue advantage to
owners of smuggled vehicles in the form of extra depredation reward of even 100
percent, subject to the trifling payment of US $500 or Rs 100,000/- as made
applicable.

The Amnesty Scheme has also seriously affected the local car market and
automobile manufactures by disrupting the competitive market and creating a
parallel black or grey market for vehicles especially if the government
continues with such amnesty schemes in future. This whole amnesty thing has put
the future prospects of local auto industry in jeopardy as they cannot place
effective long term policies fearing anti-industry schemes like the one in the
instant case to harm their returns, it said.

The scheme was meant only for vehicles that were already smuggled into Pakistan
and were being used without payment of due duties/taxes, but reportedly a large
number of vehicles were smuggled into Pakistan for regularisation under the
amnesty scheme after the scheme was launched. Furthermore, vehicles which were
already confiscated by the custom authorities have also been released against
payment of duty under the Amnesty Scheme whereas the auction of such released
vehicles would have yielded quadruple the amount recovered via the Amnesty
Scheme.

It is also reported that a large number of vehicles - duty of which have been
received - are still not brought in Pakistan and are parked at "Dubai;
Bandarabass Port, Iran; Herrat and Kandahar and some vehicles are on the Chaman
and Miran Shah Boarders for making entry into Pakistan. It is a double crime and
shows about the inefficiency, dishonesty, malafide, ulterior motives and
inferior designs of officials being paid from the public exchequer to 'protect'
the rights of country but for their personal interest and motivated objects they
allowed manipulation to cause loss to Pakistan, IHC said.

It is beyond comprehension that why the Amnesty Scheme has been made applicable
to vehicles already confiscated by customs authorities which could have fetched
far more revenue through open auction. Perhaps the government officials would
also desire reaping fruits of their sullied hands by taking a piece of the pie.
The Amnesty Scheme has also accommodated import of vehicles which were stuck at
ports or in transit after age limit reduction from 5 years to 3 years.

Therefore, in proposing and issuing the SRO, the Federal Government has failed
to appreciate the serious adverse consequences of the stimulus provided under
the Amnesty Scheme and without fully deliberating on the same. The SRO is,
accordingly, bad in law for the following reasons: It favours tax evaders and
puts the honest taxpayers at a disadvantage.

Such schemes, announced at random, are against Article 25 of the Constitution as
these violate the guarantee against arbitrary decisions at the whim and under
the fancies of rulers. It favours unscrupulous taxpayers, leading to unjustified
and hostile discrimination resulting in a violation of equality clause of the
Constitution. This scheme, amounting to approving the crimes of tax evasion,
rent-seeking and money laundering will have pernicious effect on the general
moral fabric of society.

All such moves put integrity at a discount and place a premium on vulgar and
ostentatious display of wealth. This shatters the faith of the common man in the
dignity of honest labour and virtuous living. It does not provide a level
playing field to all stakeholders, especially the local automobile manufacturers
to benefit from the Amnesty scheme.

It promotes anti-competitive market behaviour by saturating the market with
cheaper, older and high maintenance vehicles, effectively, collecting long term
junk and attracting the middle class to opt for such affordable cars as opposed
to buying new or relatively less used and more efficient imported vehicles.

It creates a black/grey market for vehicles or a special deal offer to the
corrupt elements of society by not only financially incentivizing, but also
encouraging smuggling of more and more vehicles if such Amnesty Scheme is
allowed to persist. It discriminates against law abiding and taxpaying citizens
and discourages them from gaining confidence in the legal system, especially in
the tax regime which is to be administered justly and fairly across the board.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

IHC declares car amnesty scheme void

BYLINE:  Shahid Rao

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 147

LENGTH: 858  words


The Islamabad High Court (IHC) has issued its detailed judgement on a petition
challenging government's amnesty scheme introduced by the previous government
for smuggled vehicles, calling it illegal.

Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui of the IHC declared the SRO issued by the
government on March 5, 2013 null and void and directed the Federal Board of
Revenue (FBR) to impound the smuggled vehicles cleared under the scheme.

The petition was moved by Khawaja Saad Saleem - the president of Defence of
Human Rights of Public Services Trust -- through his attorneys Syed Javed Akbar
and Muhammad Imran Amir.

In his petition, he contended that the federal government issued SRO on March 5,
2013 whereby an amnesty scheme for smuggled and seized vehicles was introduced
allowing release of vehicles on payment of redemption fine along with duty and
taxes.

In a 19-page verdict, Justice Siddiqui observed: "As a matter of fact, persons
who have violated the laws of the country by smuggling vehicles of their choice
and not paying taxes/duties have been incentivized to smuggle even more vehicles
during the subsistence of the amnesty scheme not only without any imposition of
allowable age restriction applying on them but also allowing a more relaxed
registration scheme compared to the normal scheme in vogue.

"The amnesty scheme has also seriously affected the local car market and
automobile manufacturers by disrupting the competitive market and creating a
parallel black or grey market for vehicles. This whole amnesty thing has put the
future prospects of local automobile industry in jeopardy.

"Although the Amnesty Scheme may have been intended for regularisation of
vehicles already smuggled into Pakistan, it has created, in its present form, a
far worse situation by encouraging and incentivizing further smuggling of cars
in connivance with customs and other government officials.

"Such state of affairs has resulted in a colossal loss to the national exchequer
in the form of loss of revenue expected from vehicles imported under the Baggage
Scheme. Regularisation of smuggled cars with full tax impact and also those from
the import of brand new cars, due to market saturation during the coming years,"
the verdict reads.

It adds that the direct loss of this scheme could be determined or estimated
from that fact that the price of a confiscated vehicle in auction is normally
Rs1 million. "The luxury cars fetch more value whereas the rest are sold for
less but the average price is around Rs1 million. Thus, for 51,901 smuggled
vehicles, the auction return would have been Rs51 billion whereas under the
amnesty scheme only Rs15.8 billion has been collected. The scheme resulted in a
direct loss of Rs35 billion to the national exchequer, in addition to the
environmental hazards and rising import bill for fuel and spare parts."

The court noted: "It is beyond understanding why the Amnesty Scheme was been
made applicable to vehicles -- already confiscated by the custom authorities --
which could have fetched far more revenue through open auction. Perhaps the
government officials wanted to get their share of the cake from this scheme."

The Scheme has also accommodated import of vehicles which were stuck at ports or
in transit after age limit reduction from 5 years to 3 years.

The court declares: "It is imperative that the tax dodgers should be punished,
not pampered with pardons, considering the fact that Pakistan's tax to GDP ratio
is abysmal, such unwarranted, capricious and senseless scheme will only further
encourage the rampant culture of tax evasion.

"These schemes encourage illegality in the financial sphere, by promising to
turn 'black' money into 'white'. According to a report compiled by Federal Tax
Ombudsman Shoaib Suddle, the scheme has caused billions of rupees' loss to the
national exchequer and 1,405 vehicles were cleared on only 61 ID cards while on
some ID cards, 50 vehicles each were cleared. Such amnesty schemes have also
subsisted between 1998 and 2007 when some 17,381 vehicles were cleared under six
similar schemes."

Justice Siddiqui observes that the scheme is not only a slap on the face of
honest taxpayers but also aimed at decriminalising the crime of tax evasion and
plundering of national wealth. It is rightly termed by some as a 'financial NRO'
because the government exempted the beneficiaries from questioning by National
Accountability Bureau and the Federal Investigation Agency.

He declared that amnesty scheme should be struck down as void ab initio and all
cars registered under it must be ceased and re-registered under normal scheme or
reverted back to pre-SRO position. This will be a lesson for all proponents of
amnesty schemes to refrain from such malicious and capricious SROs in the
future.

Justice Siddiqui said that corrupt government officials must be dismissed and
legal action should be taken against them. He maintained that amnesty schemes
should be abolished permanently "as they are used by politicians to pursue
political objectives at the cost of law".

At the end of the verdict, the judge instructed the authorities to ensure
tighter border controls to prevent the smuggling.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

IHC declares car amnesty scheme void

BYLINE:  Shahid Rao

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 147

LENGTH: 858  words


The Islamabad High Court (IHC) has issued its detailed judgement on a petition
challenging government's amnesty scheme introduced by the previous government
for smuggled vehicles, calling it illegal.

Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui of the IHC declared the SRO issued by the
government on March 5, 2013 null and void and directed the Federal Board of
Revenue (FBR) to impound the smuggled vehicles cleared under the scheme.

The petition was moved by Khawaja Saad Saleem - the president of Defence of
Human Rights of Public Services Trust -- through his attorneys Syed Javed Akbar
and Muhammad Imran Amir.

In his petition, he contended that the federal government issued SRO on March 5,
2013 whereby an amnesty scheme for smuggled and seized vehicles was introduced
allowing release of vehicles on payment of redemption fine along with duty and
taxes.

In a 19-page verdict, Justice Siddiqui observed: "As a matter of fact, persons
who have violated the laws of the country by smuggling vehicles of their choice
and not paying taxes/duties have been incentivized to smuggle even more vehicles
during the subsistence of the amnesty scheme not only without any imposition of
allowable age restriction applying on them but also allowing a more relaxed
registration scheme compared to the normal scheme in vogue.

"The amnesty scheme has also seriously affected the local car market and
automobile manufacturers by disrupting the competitive market and creating a
parallel black or grey market for vehicles. This whole amnesty thing has put the
future prospects of local automobile industry in jeopardy.

"Although the Amnesty Scheme may have been intended for regularisation of
vehicles already smuggled into Pakistan, it has created, in its present form, a
far worse situation by encouraging and incentivizing further smuggling of cars
in connivance with customs and other government officials.

"Such state of affairs has resulted in a colossal loss to the national exchequer
in the form of loss of revenue expected from vehicles imported under the Baggage
Scheme. Regularisation of smuggled cars with full tax impact and also those from
the import of brand new cars, due to market saturation during the coming years,"
the verdict reads.

It adds that the direct loss of this scheme could be determined or estimated
from that fact that the price of a confiscated vehicle in auction is normally
Rs1 million. "The luxury cars fetch more value whereas the rest are sold for
less but the average price is around Rs1 million. Thus, for 51,901 smuggled
vehicles, the auction return would have been Rs51 billion whereas under the
amnesty scheme only Rs15.8 billion has been collected. The scheme resulted in a
direct loss of Rs35 billion to the national exchequer, in addition to the
environmental hazards and rising import bill for fuel and spare parts."

The court noted: "It is beyond understanding why the Amnesty Scheme was been
made applicable to vehicles -- already confiscated by the custom authorities --
which could have fetched far more revenue through open auction. Perhaps the
government officials wanted to get their share of the cake from this scheme."

The Scheme has also accommodated import of vehicles which were stuck at ports or
in transit after age limit reduction from 5 years to 3 years.

The court declares: "It is imperative that the tax dodgers should be punished,
not pampered with pardons, considering the fact that Pakistan's tax to GDP ratio
is abysmal, such unwarranted, capricious and senseless scheme will only further
encourage the rampant culture of tax evasion.

"These schemes encourage illegality in the financial sphere, by promising to
turn 'black' money into 'white'. According to a report compiled by Federal Tax
Ombudsman Shoaib Suddle, the scheme has caused billions of rupees' loss to the
national exchequer and 1,405 vehicles were cleared on only 61 ID cards while on
some ID cards, 50 vehicles each were cleared. Such amnesty schemes have also
subsisted between 1998 and 2007 when some 17,381 vehicles were cleared under six
similar schemes."

Justice Siddiqui observes that the scheme is not only a slap on the face of
honest taxpayers but also aimed at decriminalising the crime of tax evasion and
plundering of national wealth. It is rightly termed by some as a 'financial NRO'
because the government exempted the beneficiaries from questioning by National
Accountability Bureau and the Federal Investigation Agency.

He declared that amnesty scheme should be struck down as void ab initio and all
cars registered under it must be ceased and re-registered under normal scheme or
reverted back to pre-SRO position. This will be a lesson for all proponents of
amnesty schemes to refrain from such malicious and capricious SROs in the
future.

Justice Siddiqui said that corrupt government officials must be dismissed and
legal action should be taken against them. He maintained that amnesty schemes
should be abolished permanently "as they are used by politicians to pursue
political objectives at the cost of law".

At the end of the verdict, the judge instructed the authorities to ensure
tighter border controls to prevent the smuggling.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

Visa and MasterCard: threatened by the underdogs?

LENGTH: 2052 words


The uncontested leadership of Visa and MasterCard could start facing significant
challenges. New technologies are evolving fast and giving space to a new set of
stakeholders, while National schemes are evolving and gearing up to grab the
opportunity. Sara Perria reports

The physical world of card payments is a two-headed oligarchy, with Visa and
MasterCard the undisputed rulers. The US global schemes both posted double digit
growth in 2012, showing no sign of wanting to invert the concentration-trend
that has shaped the cards industry since its inception.

However, the payments landscape is moving fast and significant innovations are
threatening the status quo: from mobile payments to e-commerce, 'alternative'
methods are seeing a multitude of new stakeholders in what is still a level
playing field. The American schemes have the money to invest but, as for now,
their dwarf-competitors could well jump on the giants' shoulders and have a much
better view of the industry's future.

The card-non-present environment - still far from being of widespread usage - is
not the only one to hide potential surprises. The unexpected threat could come
from a wise reorganisation of national schemes, not yet ready to lay down their
arms, despite the increasingly aggressive strategy deployed by the global
schemes.

An e-democracy

Mobile and e-payments have not only brought about a technological challenge, but
also a revolution in the structure of the industry, where new players - from
telcos to a whole new range of software start-ups -can find a place unthinkable
in a card-based landscape.

New names have come to the fore: PayPal is the first that comes to mind when
speaking of e-payments, not Visa or MasterCard. The e-Bay payment platform has
posted a 23% year-on-year increase in net revenue in the third quarter to end 30
September 2012, with revenues reaching $1.4bn.

Significantly, PayPal has launched a series of products marking the expansion of
its e-commence platform into the bricks-and-mortar world. In February 2012, the
company rolled out its first prepaid card in partnership with MasterCard. And in
March 2012, PayPal launched PayPal Here, a Square-style mPOS device allowing
merchants to process card payments through their smartphones.

Visa and MasterCard are not merely looking on. Instead, fearing the potentially
disruptive effect of mobile payments, they are investing massively in new
technologies.

In 2011 Visa acquired Fundamo, one of the biggest vendors of mobile financial
services. MasterCard is expanding through a number of partnerships with telcos
and products such as the PayPass wallet. Both schemes have promoted mobile
payments as a means of streamlining help to poor countries, partnering with
institutions like the World Food Programme.

These are only examples of the effort undertaken by the two giants. However,
happy-ending stories such as that of African mobile payments service company
M-Pesa show that we have entered a new era and a new field. The podium is not
guaranteed. Visa said it was "satisfied" with contactless numbers following the
Olympic trial, but what is certain is that there has been neither an explosion,
nor a gold medal.

Anthemis group consultant John Chaplin gets straight to the point: "Visa and
MasterCard are worried and this is why they are investing so much. But who will
succeed is not always linked to who has spent the most to develop its system."
According to the consultant, it is possible that the two major global schemes
will win the new challenge of alternative payments, but there is no doubt they
are "struggling to go over to e-commerce business and they are struggling even
more to adapt to mobile," he says.

"Visa and MasterCard work brilliantly well in the physical world, but they are
not so good at e-commerce, for example. In the card-non-present environment they
are not as convenient to use as PayPal. And we are starting to see other people
coming in and saying they don't want to see the same duopoly replicated in the
field of alternative payments" Chaplin stresses.

National schemes: grasping opportunities

Among the new players that could find a place under the alternative payments sun
there are also the underdogs in direct competition with Visa and MasterCard: the
national schemes.

National schemes are thought to have very little place left in an increasingly
global world. Examples of national programmes forced to shut down have been seen
recently in Ireland, Luxemburg and the Netherlands.

However, not everybody is convinced that the time to draw the curtains has come.
What is needed is a change of strategy in a clear direction. Anthemis Group's
report 'The outlook for national payments schemes in a global economy' suggests
what strategy these schemes should undertake. If successful, not only could they
survive, but they could represent a concrete threat to their much bigger
competitors.

Indeed, this change of strategy finds its premise in the structural change of
MasterCard and Visa in the past years. Their transformation from bank-owned
cooperatives to listed companies has come with a whole new set of challenges and
needs. Even if Visa Europe has remained out of the IPO, the common belief among
European banks surveyed by Anthemis is that the company will soon follow the
American stock-market model.

This means that while prior to becoming listed companies the global schemes
responded directly to the needs of banks, now Visa and MasterCard respond to
their stakeholders.

As the report states, one of the aims of this change of structure was to enable
the international schemes to develop new products and services more quickly,
avoiding the traditional lengthy decisions of a co-operative.
As a result, however, international schemes are now far less focused on meeting
client bank needs and more interested in serving their own ends and the short
term demands of the Stock Market. The demutualisation, Anthemis stresses, may
not have been to the benefit of traditional scheme users, the banks.

Also, if traditionally many domestic schemes would co-brand with Visa and
MasterCard to obtain a broader outreach, now they don't want to do it anymore,
because the partnership process has taken a new direction.
In Chaplin's words: "Global schemes have become dangerous: Visa and MasterCard
want the domestic market as well, they are not simply partners anymore. As they
are told by shareholders to be more profitable, they need to go elsewhere".
Despite being a global brand, the consultant explains, the schemes make most of
their money in the UK and the US and that is not enough anymore.

"Now they desperately need to get into those domestic markets," he says.
International schemes need to enter new national markets while national schemes
need to expand and become more international if they want to survive: this is
one of the conclusions stated by Anthemis.

National Schemes: an identikit

To understand the future of national schemes, Anthemis, without disclosing any
names, has considered 17 major national schemes globally.

Major national schemes, namely those who have all or a large majority of their
cards issued within one country and with an ownership structure centred in that
country, are well-known and particularly concentrated in Europe.

Successful examples include French Carte Bleue or Italian Carta Sì. Interac in
Canada is almost a national monument, while Brazilian Elo is a recent example of
banks coming together to create a national alternative to global schemes. Elo is
a credit card developed by state financial institutions Banco do Brasil and
Caixa Econômica Federal in partnership with Bradesco SA, the country's
second-largest private bank.

However, the cases of Laser in Ireland or Pin in the Netherlands show how a lack
of innovation can result in shutting down the service completely and opting to
issue MasterCard and Visa cards instead.
In Asia the story is different: Indian RuPay has successfully competed and
limited the reach of global brands. The report defines RuPay as "the highest
profile example of the seemingly inexorable movement towards global schemes
being questioned".

According to Anthemis, the recent selection of Diners/Discover as the
international partner for RuPay is a landmark decision. With China Union-Pay now
moving from an acceptance-only strategy to one of encouraging foreign issuance,
there is a significant level of change happening in the market for co-branding.

"This change has the potential to provide national schemes with at least two
viable and potentially less predatory alternatives as international partners,
instead of Visa and MasterCard. There is also strong support for cooperation
between national schemes for some form of reciprocal acceptance," the report
says.

The right strategy

There is no clear recipe for success, but there are some trends that can be
identified as leading to a winning strategy. Anthemis has identified five.
The first one is the balance between the value for money proposition and the
necessity of guaranteeing sufficient funds to drive innovation: their
traditional business model is founded in a low-cost business model, with
interchange fees lower than their global competitors.

"However, what national schemes need to understand is that if they are too low
cost, they will not have enough money to invest and develop new products and
services," Chaplin says.

This would be a self-defeating strategy but a new lighter corporate structure
could guarantee access to capital for development without compromising the
overall low-cost proposition.

The 'dangerous relationship' between national and international schemes has also
to be taken into account.
Chaplin is strongly convinced that national schemes should build an
international acceptance strategy that mixes co-branding with the International
Card Services with co-branding with the smaller schemes such as UnionPay and
Diners/Discover, and direct acceptance in key markets through reciprocity with
other national schemes.

"Nowadays it is unconceivable to have a card that works only in one country. It
has become a psychological factor: even if you are not likely to go abroad, you
would not have a card that does not work outside Belgium, for example," Chaplin
says.

"National schemes have to take more risks or they are going to get
marginalised," the consultant stresses.
In order to do this, the speed in the decision making process has to be
increased and "a review of the governance model is probably essential," he says.

The chapter of alternative payment methods is also considered vital. As no
hierarchy has yet been set and international schemes are far from being
dominant, national schemes should tap into this market and support payment
services not available from the industry giants and where legacy business models
are not relevant.

Another key success factor considered in the Anthemis report is the possibility
of more cooperation between some national schemes, in opposition to the current
status quo, where the exchange of information is extremely limited and schemes
build all of their capabilities in-house.

There should be no requirement that every service offered by a national scheme
is specified and developed internally and greater information flows between
schemes should lead to raising the efficiency bar through best practice sharing
and also to some schemes buying in certain services from other schemes, the
report says.

What about regulatory bodies and Central Banks? What role can they play in the
future of national schemes?
The consultant stresses that, despite the declared will by regulators of wanting
to foster greater choice, many decisions go in the opposite direction, leading
to greater concentration and reduced competition.

"Our experience is that central banks and regulators should operate in an
oversight role rather than provide infrastructure, should encourage
standardisation and interoperability, should look at a much broader range of
competition issues than just interchange including the contentious practice of
upfront inducements through schemes to switch business and should seek to
encourage a market in which multiple payment schemes can operate," Anthemis
group concludes.

The result could be a series of much stronger national schemes, with stimulating
consequences in the competition with the American colossus.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 03, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Discovery closes doors to members of sick medical scheme;
Discovery Health alleges that "encouraging" large numbers of Transmed members to
join the scheme amounts to a conspiracy to bankrupt it. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1038 words


Discovery Health Medical Scheme (DHMS) is refusing to accept members of the
ailing Transmed medical scheme who want to join the largest open scheme in South
Africa.

DHMS alleges that Transnet, Transmed and healthcare brokers Aon are conspiring
to bankrupt Discovery by encouraging the wholesale transfer of Transmed members
to the scheme. This, Discovery says, will have a detrimental impact on DHMS and
its current members.

DHMS told a recent hearing of the Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal Committee
that Transnet and Transmed, on the advice of Aon, had decided to close a
low-cost option on Transmed - the Ubuntu option - in 2009, and this has resulted
in a flood of older Transmed members wanting to join Discovery's low-cost
KeyCare plans.

A ruling by the Appeal Committee last month reveals that DHMS is of the view
that it is, in effect, being forced to take on the Transmed members after both
DHMS and the Government Employees Medical Scheme declined offers to merge with
Transmed (see "The older members nobody wants", right).

According to the ruling, DHMS says the effects of allowing many former Transmed
members to join KeyCare will be:

u An increase in the contribution rates on the KeyCare plans;

u A reduction in the scheme's solvency ratio (its reserves as a percentage of
its contribution income) over time; and

u A threat to the scheme's ability to meet its liabilities to members on all its
plans.

The Appeal Committee dismissed DHMS's argument that the alleged conspiracy poses
a systemic risk to the scheme of more than 2.3 million beneficiaries (principal
members and dependants), and it ordered Discovery to admit a Transmed member who
had applied to join DHMS.

The Medical Schemes Act obliges open schemes to admit anyone who wants to join,
whereas restricted schemes are entitled to limit their membership to a group,
such as the employees of a company.

Milton Streak, principal officer of DHMS, says the scheme will appeal against
the Appeal Committee's ruling to the Appeal Board of the Council for Medical
Schemes.

Last month, DHMS rejected another Transmed member who tried to switch to
Discovery after his benefits on Transmed's top option were cut (see "Transmed
cuts benefits on top option", right).

In response, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says his office
will not tolerate any form of discrimination against medical scheme members .

Gantsho says his office remains committed to protecting members and ensuring the
long-term sustainability of the industry.

transmed in difficulty

The Council for Medical Schemes put Transmed under financial monitoring in 2009,
after its reserves fell from 61 percent to 42 percent in 2008. At the end of
2011, Transmed had reserves of 9.5 percent, whereas it is required by law to
hold 25 percent of its contribution income in reserve.

Transmed has about 136 000|beneficiaries, and its ratio of|pensioners to
beneficiaries under the age of 65 is 22 percent, according the Council for
Medical Schemes's 2011/12 annual report. The average pensioner ratio for both
open and restricted schemes is 6.6 percent, and DHMS has a lower-than-average
pensioner ratio of 6.3 percent.

The Ubuntu option had about 20 000 lives at the end of 2008 and a pensioner
ratio of 11.6 percent, according to the council's 2009/10 annual report.

Transmed principal officer Petrus Wasserman says the board of trustees decided
to close the Ubuntu option after PrimeCure, which |provided primary health
services to members on the option for a set fee, terminated the agreement.

The decision to close the option was approved by the Registrar of Medical
Schemes, Wasserman says. Aon was not involved in the decision, he says.

When Ubuntu closed, members had a choice of moving to a cheaper option with
fewer benefits or to a more expensive one with more comprehensive cover.

However, according to Andre Jacobs, head of healthcare at Aon Hewitt, at about
that time Transnet employees negotiated the right to receive a medical scheme
subsidy from their employer and belong to not only Transmed but also to one of
five open schemes, including DHMS.

According to the Appeal Committee's ruling, DHMS says it then received 2 500
membership applications from Transmed members, mainly for its KeyCare options.
It denied them membership.

Aon lodged a complaint with the Council for Medical Schemes on behalf of one of
the members whom DHMS rejected, Mrs M. Her complaint was the subject of the
Appeal Committee's ruling last month.

Jacobs denies there was a conspiracy and says Aon was engaged to advise members
and not to advise Transmed or Transnet on the design of the scheme's benefits.

Aon's advice to Mrs M to complain to the council was in her best interests,
because DHMS had denied her the right to join an open medical scheme, he says.

Jacobs says he has four more complaints with the council from Transmed members
who have been denied membership by DHMS.

'conspiracy doesn't exist'

The Appeal Committee's ruling says Transnet denied the conspiracy charge, and
Gantsho told the committee he found no evidence of one.

"The registrar did not deal with issues pertaining to systemic risk posed by an
avalanche of membership applications to Discovery by Transmed members or a
category of such members," the committee's ruling says. "It appears that
no|evidence of such systemic risk was presented to him for consideration and
determination."

The ruling went on to say that the Appeal Committee could not have dealt with
this issue unless it had already been the subject of a decision by the
registrar: the committee could only review the registrar's decision on the
complaint.

It also says there are remedies in the Medical Schemes Act for the "mischief"
alleged by DHMS. If the scheme is concerned about systemic risk, it can ask the
registrar to take action as provided for by the Act.

Streak says DHMS's concern is that an influx of members from Transmed will have
the effect of unfairly transferring the risk and liability for these members
from Transmed and Transnet to DHMS and its current members.

In several documents sent to the registrar, Transmed itself has demonstrated the
risks its members pose, Streak says, and for this reason DHMS will appeal
against the Appeal Committee's decision.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      August 13, 2012 Monday 1:23 PM  EST

WAIVING OF LOANS TO WEAVERS

LENGTH: 678 words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 13 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Government has approved "Revival, Reform & Restructuring Package for
Handloom Sector" having financial implication of Rs. 3884 crore on 24.11.2011.
Of this Rs.3884 crore, share of Government of India is Rs. 3137 crore and that
of State Governments Rs. 747 crore. The Package covers loan waiver of 100% of
principal and 25% of interest, which is overdue as on 31.03.2010 in respect of
eligible individual handloom weavers and weavers cooperative societies. Interest
subsidy of 3% for 3 years is also extended with guarantee for the fresh
loanssanctioned by the banks to individual weavers and the handloom cooperative
societies covered by the loan waiver. The National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development (NABARD) is the implementing agency. The target of number of
weavers and their societies are given in Annexure I.

In addition to the above, five plan schemes of 11th Plan are being continued
during 2012-13 for the development of the handloom sector and welfare of
handloom weavers. These are i) Integrated Handloom Development Scheme; ii)
Handloom Weavers Comprehensive Welfare Scheme; iii) Marketing & Export Promotion
Scheme; iv) Mill Gate Price Scheme; and v) Diversified Handloom Development
Scheme.

The number of handloom weavers in the country as per Handloom Census of India
(2009-10) is given in Annexure II.

The fund released thereunder during each of the last three years and the current
year, State/Union Territory-wise and scheme-wise are given in Annexure III.

During policy year 2010-11, 17.66 lakh handloom weavers from all across the
country have been covered under Health Insurance Scheme.

The details of funds allocated under Mill Gate Price in the country during the
last three years is detailed below:-

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=86011)

For the implementation of Mill Gate Price Scheme, money is released to
Implementing Agency (National Handloom Development Corporation) and State wise
allocations are not made.

Five plan schemes of 11th Plan are being continued during 2012-13 for the
development of the handloom sector and welfare of handloom weavers. These are i)
Integrated Handloom Development Scheme; ii) Handloom Weavers Comprehensive
Welfare Scheme; iii) Marketing & Export Promotion Scheme; iv) Mill Gate Price
Scheme; and v) Diversified Handloom Development Scheme.

In addition to Revival, Reform & Restructuring Package for Handloom Sector",
Government has also approved a 'Comprehensive Package for the Handloom Sector'
having a total financial implication of Rs.2362 crores across the country, for
providing cheap credit under Integrated Handloom Development Scheme. The scheme
will also provide subsidized yarn with 10% price subsidy under Mill Gate Price
Scheme.

In order to ensure proper utilization of funds by the States, a monitoring
system has been put in place. A review of the progress of physical and financial
targets in respect of the schemes is being done during the meetings of the
Senior Officers of the Ministry by the Secretary (Textiles). Quarterly Review
Meetings are also being held with Commissioners/Directors (in charge of
Handlooms and Textiles) of all State Governments. Senior officers of the Office
of Development Commissioner (Handlooms) review the progress of the schemes
during their visits to the States. Evaluation of the schemes has also been done
by independent third party agencies. The State Governments are required to
furnish proper utilization certificates when due, for funds already released in
a scheme, before the release of next installment under that scheme.

Omitted Annexures I, II, III can be viewed at:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=86011

This information was given by the Minister of State in the Ministry Of Textiles,
Smt. Panabaaka Lakshmi in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Profmed bows to pressure over paying PMB claims in full

BYLINE:  Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 461 words


Profmed, the last medical scheme to hold out against paying prescribed minimum
benefit (PMB) claims in full, this week bowed to pressure from the Registrar of
Medical Schemes and agreed to pay these claims in full as invoiced.

Graham Anderson, Profmed's principal officer and chief executive, says the board
of trustees believes it acted in members' best interests by not paying claims
for PMBs at whatever rate a healthcare provider charged, but the board decided
not to put the scheme at risk of being deregistered.

Profmed is a restricted scheme for graduate professionals. It has about 25 000
members and covers about 62 800 lives.

PMBs are benefits that schemes must by law provide, and cover all emergencies,
about 270 life-threatening conditions and some common chronic conditions.

Although Profmed has not been served with a notice that it would be
deregistered, Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the Registrar of Medical Schemes and the
chief executive of the Council for Medical Schemes, told Business Report,
Personal Finance's sister newspaper, earlier this week that his office was in
the process of deregistering "a scheme" that was deliberately not complying with
a regulation under the Medical Schemes Act that states that schemes must pay PMB
claims in full.

Gantsho confirmed yesterday that all medical schemes have now agreed to pay PMB
claims in full as invoiced. Following rulings by the Council for Medical
Schemes's Appeal Board in 2008, the council has interpreted the regulation to
mean that schemes should pay PMB claims at whatever rate a healthcare provider
charges.

Profmed is one of a number of schemes that are of the view that they should pay
PMB claims only up to the rate at which the relevant scheme option reimburses
claims.

The Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), which represents medical schemes and
their administrators, last year applied to the Gauteng North High Court for a
declaratory order to clarify the meaning of the disputed regulation, but the
application was dismissed without the merits of the case being heard.

Had the registrar proceeded with deregistering Profmed and had the scheme
contested the move, the merits of the PMB case may have been heard in another
court, but Profmed's trustees decided this was a risk the scheme could not take.

Anderson says if the registrar had embarked on action to deregister Profmed,
members could have been spooked and resigned from it.

As the trustees of Profmed believe strongly that the registrar's interpretation
of the relevant PMB regulation is incorrect, Profmed is continuing with an
appeal to the Council for Medical Schemes's Appeal Board in a matter in which
the registrar ruled that Profmed should pay a PMB claim at the invoiced price
rather than at the scheme's tariffs, Anderson says.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     November 26, 2010 Friday 10:44 AM EST

MPF industry schemes

LENGTH: 471  words


Hong Kong, Nov. 26 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:

The following is issued on behalf of the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority:

The Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA) announced today (November
26) that, after a tendering exercise, it has registered the Bank Consortium
Industry Plan and the BEA (MPF) Industry Scheme as the MPF's industry schemes
for another ten years. The new registration period will start on December 1,
2010.

The industry schemes are set up for the construction and catering industries as
the two industries have a high labour mobility with many casual employees -
workers who are employed on a day-to-day basis or for a fixed period of less
than 60 days. As at September 30, 2010, the two schemes had 515,000 registered
accounts.

Under the schemes, casual employees can open accounts with both industry schemes
in advance. If their employers have registered with one of the industry schemes,
the employees can simply provide their employers with details of their industry
scheme accounts once after joining the company, saving the effort of enrolling
in a scheme. On the employers' side, if they choose to make contributions for
their employees on the next working day following the pay-day, they have to
provide trustees only with information about the contributions they have made
and not remittance statements. The employers also do not have to provide the
employees with records of contributions.

Over the years, MPFA has worked closely with labour groups to promote the
industry schemes and to encourage the employers and employees in the two
industries to enrol in the schemes, jointly paying visits to construction sites
and restaurants

Today, MPFA Executive Director (Corporate Services), Mr Thomas Yiu, and Chairman
of the Hong Kong Construction Industry Employees' General Unions, Mr Chow
Luen-kiu, visited a construction site in Kowloon to promote the industry schemes
and to remind workers of their MPF rights. During the visit, leaflets on the
schemes and souvenirs were distributed. Earlier this week, MPF Industry Schemes
Committee member, Mr Chan Sam-choi, and representatives of the Construction Site
Staff Association joined the MPFA on a visit to two construction sites to raise
workers' awareness of the schemes and call on them to pay more attention to
their MPF investments.

Meanwhile, the MPFA and representatives of the Eating Establishment Employees
General Union and The Federation of Hong Kong Food & Beverage Industries Trade
Unions will visit restaurants in Yuen Long next month to promote the industry
schemes and remind employers to enrol casual employees in the industry schemes
and employees to closely look after their MPF investment portfolios.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government
Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2010 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    November 17, 2010 Wednesday 8:01 AM EST

LC: Speech by Ag SFST in moving the Motion to amend sections 10 and 15 of the
Deposit Protection Scheme (Amendment) Rules 2010

LENGTH: 574  words


Hong Kong, Nov. 17 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:

Following is the speech by the Acting Secretary for Financial Services and the
Treasury, Ms Julia Leung, in moving the Motion to amend sections 10 and 15 of
the Amendment Rules to the Deposit Protection Scheme (Representation on Scheme
Membership and Protection of Financial Products under Scheme) (Amendment) Rules
2010 (Amendment Rules) in the Legislative Council today (November 17):

President,

I move to amend the Deposit Protection Scheme (Representation on Scheme
Membership and Protection of Financial Products under Scheme) (Amendment) Rules
2010, as printed in the paper circulated to Members.

In the light of the relevant developments in international and local financial
markets since the outbreak of the global financial crisis, and the experience
gained from operating the Deposit Protection Scheme (DPS Scheme) since 2006, the
Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board (the Board) completed a review of the DPS
Scheme in 2009.  One of the proposals concluded from the review is to strengthen
the representation made by DPS Scheme members regarding their Scheme membership
status and the protection status of their financial products.  The Board tabled
the Amendment Rules at the Legislative Council for negative vetting on October
20, 2010.  A subcommittee was then formed to scrutinise the Amendment Rules (the
Subcommittee).  The Subcommittee has completed the scrutiny work and indicated
support to the Amendment Rules.  I would like to express my wholehearted
gratitude to Hon Chan Kam-lam, Chairman of the Subcommittee, and other
Subcommittee members for their invaluable views expressed during the course of
scrutiny.

In response to the proposals made by the Subcommittee during the scrutiny, we
propose to amend to section 15 of the Amendment Rules which adds section 7A to
the Deposit Protection Scheme (Representation on Scheme Membership and
Protection of Financial Products under Scheme) Rules (Representation Rules).
Section 7A provides that a DPS Scheme member is required to reply within a
specified time limit to a request by a person holding a financial product
offered by the Scheme member for confirmation as to whether the financial
product is protected by the DPS Scheme.  The purpose of the amendments is to
address the proposal of the Subcommittee to shorten the time limit for Scheme
members to respond to the request, in the case of an oral reply, from within
five business days to within three business days after the date on which the
request is received and, in the case of a written reply, from within ten
business days to within seven business days after the date on which the request
is received.

In addition, we propose to make a technical amendment by adding sub-section 2A
to section 10 of the Amendment Rules in order to replace "the commencement of
these Rules" by "September 25, 2006" in section 6(4)(b)(i) of the Representation
Rules.  The proposed amendment is in line with relevant provisions in the
Amendment Rules.

President, the abovementioned amendments have been submitted to the Subcommittee
for scrutiny and Members have raised no objection.  The Hong Kong Association of
Banks (HKAB) has also been informed of the amendments for shortening time limit
for responding to enquiries.  I hereby move the relevant amendments.

Thank you.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government
Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2010 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday

Fight against TT goes to appeals court;
OCBC, Ho Lee appeal against go-ahead for plan to restructure liabilities

BYLINE: K. C. Vijayan, Law Correspondent

LENGTH: 644 words


OCBC Bank and Ho Lee Construction will take their fight against the scheme to
restructure the liabilities of TT International to the Court of Appeal.

The move comes after the High Court approved the scheme and overruled the
objections of five banks, including OCBC, and building firm Ho Lee Construction.

OCBC and Ho Lee have lodged an appeal against the decision. OCBC's lawyers from
Rajah & Tann will go to court next Monday to seek an early hearing date.

The restructuring - known as a creditors' scheme - is an orderly way of repaying
creditors and minimising their loss. Such schemes are usually preferable to
liquidation as creditors end up getting more of their money back.

These schemes need legal approval and this was granted by Justice Judith Prakash
in the High Court in March. Her grounds for the decision were released on
Thursday.

Justice Prakash said the arrangements were 'fair and reasonable' and likely to
be approved by any 'honest and intelligent' creditor.

TT International is a listed firm that trades in consumer electronic products.

It hit trouble during the 2008 financial crunch, causing some banks to pull back
credit facilities.

About $83 million was cancelled or frozen by October that year.

The firm sought to restructure its liabilities and hired financial adviser nTan
Corporate Advisory and sought legal counsel from Wong Partnership.

They drew up a scheme to manage the debts and impose a complete moratorium on
any action against the firm until the scheme ends.

Scheme creditors would be repaid in accordance with a restructuring plan to be
supervised by nTan.

About 84.8 per cent of the scheme creditors representing about 75.06 per cent of
the debts approved the plan at a meeting last October.

The creditors backing the scheme hold total debts of $364.34 million.

TT International then applied for the court approval such schemes require.

But five bank creditors, including ABN Amro Bank, Rabobank International and
OCBC, opposed the move.

They argued that creditors should be divided into different classes for the
purposes of voting. They also contended that votes of parties related to TT
International should not carry the same weight as those unrelated to it.

The banks charged that TT International had been 'evasive and reluctant to
disclose information relating to the claims of the scheme creditors', among
other issues.

Ho Lee Construction, the main contractor for building works, also opposed the
scheme. It disputed the partial rejection by the scheme manager of its claim of
more than $84 million in its proof of debt. It alleged that the scheme manager
did not act fairly and properly.

Justice Prakash found the objections unjustified and also rejected the idea that
there should be different classes of votes.

She held that parties related to the company were entitled to vote in the same
class as the other scheme creditors, ruling that 'they had rights against the
company which were similar to those of the other unsecured scheme creditors'.

Justice Prakash also found that the scheme manager had 'acted reasonably and
with bona fides' in rejecting part of Ho Lee Construction's claim.

There was no lack of transparency by TT International when it came to supplying
adequate information so that creditors could make an informed choice between the
scheme and liquidating the company, she added, in her 35-page judgment.

If the scheme was successfully implemented, creditors would get between 71 cents
and 100 cents to the dollar over time, whereas liquidation could bring a return
of only between nine and 13 cents to the dollar, said the judge.

'The scheme was one which an intelligent and honest man of business, acting in
respect of his interest as a member of the class of scheme creditors, would
reasonably approve,' said Justice Prakash.

The next stage will now involve an appeal by OCBC and Ho Lee Construction.

vijayan@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                             Lancaster Evening Post

                            November 27, 2009 Friday

Pension schemes set to close to members

LENGTH: 424 words



HIGHLIGHT: Nearly a third of defined benefit pension schemes which have closed
to new members plan to shut to existing ones during the coming five years,
research showed today.


Only 23% of defined benefit schemes, including final salary pensions, are still
open to new members, down from 28% a year ago, according to the National
Association of Pension Funds (NAPF).

The group said the fall in schemes that remained open during the past 12 months
was greater than during the past two years combined, as the recession took its
toll on companies' ability to continue offering the gold-plated pensions.

Three out of 10 schemes that remain open to existing members plan to close their
schemes completely during the coming five years, instead shifting staff on to
less generous defined contribution schemes, while only 39% of companies said
they remained committed to keeping their final salary schemes open.

The NAPF survey comes the day after Vodafone announced plans to close its final
salary pension to existing members, joining other big firms that have made
similar announcements during the past year, including Barclays and Morrisons.

Companies are increasingly finding their generous final salary pensions are too
expensive to offer, replacing them with defined contribution schemes, under
which employees bear all the risk of investment volatility and increased life
expectancy.

The NAPF research showed that firms are continuing to pay more than twice as
much into defined benefit schemes as they are into defined contribution ones.

An average of 19% of a member's pay is contributed to defined benefit schemes by
sponsoring companies each year, with staff paying in 5.4%.
But companies make average contributions of just 7.5% to defined contribution
schemes, with workers paying in 4%.

There continues to be uncertainty among pension schemes about the impact of the
Government's 2012 reforms, under which all workers will be automatically
enrolled into a pension scheme, although they will retain the right to opt out.

Around 41% of companies said they would retain their pension scheme in its
current form and auto-enrol their employees into it.

But 8% said they were planning to reduce the contributions they made in 2012,
and 10% said if their staff did not choose to join their existing scheme they
would be auto-enrolled into Personal Accounts, into which companies have to
contribute only 3%, with workers paying in 4% and the Government adding 1%.

A further 13% of pension schemes are proposing other changes as a result of the
new regulations, while 27% of schemes have yet to decide what action they will
take.

The NAPF said pension schemes wanted to see decisive action from the Government
to support workplace pensions.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PRES


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday

JK Government to Re-introduce MIS

LENGTH: 516  words


Srinagar, Nov 03, KONS: After winding up the Market Intervention Scheme (MIS) in
2007, the state government is contemplating to re-introduce the scheme in Jammu
and Kashmir. Reports said that the scheme was stopped after the government
concluded that the scheme failed to benefit all sections of the fruit growers.
Interestingly, the much hyped (MIS) that will be re-introduced with amendments
was conceived to benefit the small and part time fruit growers of the Valley and
to encourage the export of quality apple from the Valley."MIS scheme provided
the much needed relief to the grower as well as the people associated with fruit
industry.

The scheme should have been promoted with full vigour and support but the
government without any reason stopped it during 2007," Zain-ul-Abidin President,
Federation Chamber of Food Processing Industry, said. Zain-ul-Abidin cited
several vested interests as the reason to stop the scheme that was otherwise
meant for benefitting the grower and other sections.   MIS was started years
back in the state with an aim to purchase low grade quality apples from the
small fruit apple growers, however, the scheme many termed became beneficial for
some influential businessmen. Though, initially government purchased thousands
of tons of apple from the growers on the subsidized rates, however, there were
allegations that the scheme benefited a handful of businessman and fruit growers
having political affiliations."We are planning to re introduce MIS scheme very
soon with a new name also some amendments will be made to the older scheme,"
Horticulture Minister, Shyam Lal said during a meeting last month. "The new
scheme will be named as Market Support Price scheme," he said adding that this
year no MIS scheme has been implemented in the state. The withdrawal of MIS
scheme many growers claim has incurred losses on the growers who only produce
low grade apples. As per the official figures, the quantity of low grade fruit
particularly apple in the state is about 33 percent. "The misappropriation of
the scheme can't be ruled out, but, it also had helped many poor growers as
well," said Mohammad Ayub, a grower from Sopore. "We want government to
reintroduce this scheme at an earliest."In absence of processing units in the
Kashmir and Jammu province, the growers have no option but to sell the C grade
apple in the open market. "The processing units in private and public sector do
not cater to the requirements and the total processing capacity of the state is
about 70 to 80 thousand metric tons which compels the growers to sell C grade
fruit along with other grades in the markers," Masood Ahmad another grower said.
"The MIS scheme has helped many growers," he said."MIS scheme should have been
introduced this year as the scheme covers nearly 30 percent of the apple crop
produced in the valley," Zain-ul-Abidin added. He said that out of the 15 to 18
lakh metric tons of apple's produced over three to five lakh metric tons fall in
grade C variety that would have been covered under the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday

Blow For Workers As Pension Schemes Predicted To Close

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: Pg. 64

LENGTH: 518 words


MORE than half of defined benefit pension schemes which are still open to new
members could be closed due to the current economic crisis.

About 1,000 of the schemes, which include final salary pensions, that still
allow new staff to join them, will close to new members during the coming five
years, according to the National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF).

At the same time, one in four of the gold-plated schemes that no longer accept
new members will also close to existing ones, with 27% likely to transfer staff
to less generous defined contribution or hybrid schemes.

A further 35% of companies aim to keep their defined benefit scheme open to
existing members, but they will take steps to reduce the cost of running it.

The NAPF said the likelihood that firms would make changes to their pension
schemes had increased significantly during the past five months as the economic
environment worsened.

About 96% of pension schemes think the economic crisis has made the closure of
defined benefit pension schemes more likely, accelerating the trend that has
been seen during the past few years.

Under defined benefit schemes, employers state how much a pension will be worth
at retirement, based on the number of years a member has belonged to the scheme
and their salary when they stop work.

But under defined contribution ones, companies only guarantee how much they will
contribute to a scheme, leaving individuals to shoulder the risk of investment
volatility and increased life expectancy.

Overall, the NAPF estimates that plans to switch employees from defined benefit
schemes to defined contribution or hybrid ones could affect nearly one million
people, with up to a further 1.4 million hit by changes to the schemes to reduce
the cost of running them.

Only a third of defined benefit schemes that are closed to new members do not
expect to change their scheme during the coming five years, down from 50% in
July, while among schemes that are still, open 23% do not anticipate a change,
compared with 37% a few months earlier.

Pensions expert Ros Altman said: "This is the death knell for the final salary
pension scheme. Employers cannot afford to fund this long-term commitment any
more."

Workers' confidence in pension schemes has also evaporated during the past few
months, with just 1% of people now saying they feel confident about pensions,
compared with 22% in September.

The NAPF called on the Government to take radical action to help the pensions
sector, adopting the same bold approach that it has in assisting banks and small
businesses.

Joanne Segars, chief executive of the NAPF, said: "These exceptional times call
for exceptional measures and new thinking.

"We have seen bold action from the Government in response to the crisis in other
key areas and similar action is now needed for the UK's pension schemes."

The group wants to see a number of measures introduced, including the Government
becoming the ultimate guarantor of pensions safety net the Pension Protection
Fund, as well as moves to reduce the cost of running defined benefit schemes,
and greater issuance of long-dated gilts.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

How schemes decide on your benefits;
Young and healthy members of medical schemes resent paying high contributions
when they require few benefits, but ailing and elderly members want greater
levels of care at premiums they can afford. Neville Koopowitz, the chief
executive of Discovery Health, the administrator of the largest medical scheme
in South Africa, outlines how schemes try to balance the conflicting demands of
patients, healthcare providers and legislation when determining contribution and
benefit levels. Koopowitz was one of the speakers at this year's recent Personal
Finance/Discovery Health Health Focus seminars. Bruce Cameron reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1363 words


Seven key factors are taken into account when a medical scheme decides on your
benefits, Neville Koopowitz says.

He says medical schemes are faced with the challenge of balancing benefits with
what scheme members are prepared to pay in contributions.

Young and healthy people resist joining a medical scheme because they do not see
the value of becoming members, Koopowitz says.

The consequence is that two million people who use private sector health
services are self-insuring.

But less than one percent of the population can afford to self-insure against
the critical care they will require in the event of a major medical incident
that requires hospitalisation, he says. And medical schemes spend 37 percent of
their total benefits on hospital costs.

Koopowitz says it is feasible for you to pay for your day-to-day medical
expenses, such as visits to the dentist and a general practitioner, out of your
own pocket, but joining a medical scheme is the only viable option when it comes
to insuring against critical care.

He says medical schemes use about 85 percent of members' total contributions to
provide medical benefits. The balance goes towards administration costs, managed
care, broker commissions and building up the financial reserves of a scheme.

Koopowitz says medical scheme trustees must perform a balancing act when they
decide how much to charge members by way of contributions and what benefits to
provide in return.

The seven key factors in reaching a decision are:

1. Regulations

A medical scheme must assess the cost of the benefits which by law it is
required to provide to members, Koopowitz says.

In terms of the Medical Schemes Act and its regulations, medical schemes are
obliged to pay in full for the diagnosis, treatment and care of members in
respect of some 300 benefits, which cover most life-threatening and emergency
medical cases, as well as 25 common chronic conditions. These statutory benefits
are called the prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs).

Once a medical scheme has covered the PMBs, Koopowitz says, the scheme must
decide what additional benefits it will provide and how it will provide them.
For example, members can select different benefit options depending on their
healthcare needs.

The nature of the additional benefits and the way in which these benefit options
are structured differentiates one medical scheme from another, Koopowitz says.

2. sustainability of benefits

Koopowitz says a scheme must take into account its members' past claiming
patterns to determine the benefits it will provide.

He says a key consideration is that 80 percent of members claim less than they
pay in contributions, while 20 percent of members claim significantly more than
they pay in contributions. The implication is that the healthy, low claimers
want to pay low contributions, while the sick want better benefits, Koopowitz
says.

3. Which benefits to cover

Koopowitz says deciding for which benefits you are prepared to pay is similar to
deciding on motor vehicle insurance. You can choose the risks you want to cover
and the level of cover. For example, you can get comprehensive insurance but
with optional top-ups, such as vehicle hire if your car is stolen.

You can also influence how much you will pay in premiums by deciding how much
risk you want to take on yourself. If you agree to pay a voluntary excess, your
insurer will reduce your premium.

He says medical schemes need to balance the frequency of claims for certain
benefits with the cost of providing those benefits.

For example, one Caesarean section costs R19 500 for every 1 000 lives covered
by a scheme. This equates to a payment of R19 500 every year for every 1 000
members and dependants covered by the scheme. Against this, less than one in 100
000 lives covered will have to undergo a tracheotomy, which costs R890 000. This
means the scheme can cover this procedure at a cost of R1 per member per month.

The cost of providing benefits is affected by the cost of the event and the
number of people affected. So the lower-cost Caesarean sections cost the medical
scheme and therefore the members more because of the frequency of the benefit
claims.

Koopowitz says many members do not understand that the more benefits a scheme
provides, the greater the cost of providing those benefits.

4. How to cover the benefits

The cost of a benefit can vary from R110 for a medical check-up to R470 000 for
a heart and lung transplant, Koopowitz says.

He says the cheaper, preventable or controllable medical conditions are the ones
that occur the most, and the cost per event is financially manageable for most
people whose income qualifies them for medical scheme membership.

Koopowitz says that in deciding what benefits medical schemes will provide, they
must also decide how to cover those benefits, as benefit design can directly
influence the way in which members behave.

For example, he says Discovery has found that members who use medical savings
accounts are very conservative when they are using the money saved in these
accounts to pay for their health care. However, once they have used up the money
in their savings accounts and they qualify for additional cover from the scheme,
they are not so cautious about spending.

5. Demands of stakeholders

Koopowitz says reconciling the conflicting demands of various parties is one of
the most difficult aspects when deciding on benefits.

He says the four parties are:

u Consumers, who want better and more benefits but with lower contribution
rates.

u The regulator, which wants to ensure that members are protected and that
schemes are solvent.

u Doctors, who want higher reimbursement and direct payments, and who are
opposed to managed care arrangements. An under- supply of doctors, as is the
case with specialists, places upward pressure on costs.

Koopowitz says there is a widening gap between the increase in consultation
costs and the inflation rate, although he concedes that many specialists are
under-paid.

u Hospitals, the area where there is the most upward pressure on costs.

6. Advances in technology

Koopowitz says advances in medical technology are providing increasingly better
solutions for health problems, but this progress comes at a price.

For example, the cost of scans for certain types of cancer has increased from
between R2 000 and R8 000 to R14 000; the price of drugs for the treatment of
rheumatoid arthritis has risen from R6 000 to R100 000 a year; treatment for
breast cancer has increased from R50 000 to R90 000; and the cost of treating
benign prostate hypertrophy has increased from R21 000 to R27 000.

He says the latest developments are not always cost-effective and this has to be
taken into account before a scheme adds a drug or treatment to its list of
benefits.

He says schemes have to balance the benefits of providing access to the latest
medical technologies against the cost to the scheme as a whole of providing
those technologies.

He asked whether it is fair to ask 10 000 members to pay an extra 60 percent in
premiums to fund new techno-logy and drugs that will be used by only 245 of the
scheme's members.

7. Cost/benefit trade-off

Koopowitz says medical needs vary substantially from person to person, even
members of the same family.

Medical schemes provide a wide variety of options, but this comes with large
variations in the cost of providing cover.

He says every medical scheme member must weigh up the risk he or she can afford
to take against the cost of the option chosen.

If the risk is high that you will require extensive treatment, he says you will
have to select an option that costs more but that provides you with the required
cover.

He says you must compare the options offered by different schemes and you must
not make a decision based on price alone.

You also need to take account of how the benefits are structured, Koopowitz
says.

For example, you can opt for what is called a network plan, which, although it
restricts your choice of healthcare providers, can mean a reduction by as much
as 20 percent in your contributions.

Network plans are a result of negotiations between medical schemes and
healthcare service providers, which charge lower prices in return for higher
volumes of patients.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              July 17, 2006 Monday
                                 FIRST Edition

Don't be scammed in a scheme

BYLINE: Katherine Towers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 478  words


MANAGED investment schemes are a long-standing and legitimate means of investing
money.

They work by pooling your money with the money of other investors for a common
purpose, let's say, a property development.

You give up the day to day control of your money and a manager takes over the
running of the funds and makes the decisions. An investment scheme can offer
solid returns and can be a reasonably safe place to park your money.

If they are legal. And that's the problem.

The distinction between a legally managed investment scheme and illegally
managed investment scheme is extremely fine.

Basically, they are exactly the same except one is registered with the corporate
regulator and the other is not.

If you get caught in an illegal scheme you are not protected by the law and are
far more likely to do your dough.

Many Australians, including top professionals, have been burned in managed
investment schemes which have turned out at the very least to be unregistered or
at worst an out-and-out scam.

Managed investment schemes, whether legal or illegal, commonly include cash
management trusts, property trusts, equity or share trusts, and agricultural
investment schemes such as pine trees, olives, flowers or fish farming.

There are others, although not as common, such as betting schemes, lottery
syndicates, small property syndicates, timeshare schemes and managed mortgage
schemes.

Generally, it is illegal to offer interests in a managed investment scheme
unless it has been registered with the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission (ASIC).

While some illegal schemes are started by well-meaning but incompetent people
who just don't know the law, others are run by scammers who are just trying to
steal your money.

To avoid getting burned always check the registration of the scheme with ASIC. A
legitimate managed investment scheme must set up a public company that is
registered with ASIC. You can search the National Names Index on the ASIC
website and see if the company has an Ltd after its name (not Pty Ltd).

Once registered, a public company must prepare financial statements, have them
audited and lodge those statements with ASIC. That means you too can get access
to them.

A registered managed investment scheme must also obtain a license to operate the
scheme which can also be checked by searching ASIC's ''register of Australian
financial services licensees''.

And every legal operator must carry professional insurance and have systems in
place to deal with complaints if anything goes wrong.

To avoid losing your money in an incompetent investment or even a scam, check
that a scheme and its operator have registered with the authorities.

* Katherine Towers is YourMoney legal writer: ktowers@iprimus.com.au


"If you get caught in an illegal (managed investment) scheme you are not
protected by the law and are far more likely to do your dough.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                  May 17, 2006

Royal ends pensions 'emotional contract';
Bank closes final salary scheme to new members

BYLINE: KARL WEST CITY EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 730 words



HIGHLIGHT: EMOTIONAL: Sir George Mathewson, former chairman of Royal Bank of
Scotland, once described the final salary pension scheme as an 'emotional
contract' with staff. Picture: Mike Wilkinson


ROYAL Bank of Scotland yesterday yielded to pressures to close its final salary
pension scheme to new members, and former chairman Sir George Mathewson, who
once called the benefit an "emotional contract" with staff, said the move was
"inevitable".

The Edinburgh-based bank has found itself ever more unusual in operating a
noncontributory final salary pension scheme, especially one still open to new
members, as other big companies have slashed their provision.

Non-contributory final salary schemes are widely considered as the most generous
workplace pension, but also the most expensive for employers to fund. Royal has
seen the gross deficit on its pension scheme rocket to GBP3.9bn.

Mathewson yesterday cited the impact of longer life expectancy and evidence that
Royal Bank might not be getting "full appreciation" of the scheme's monetary
value.

From October 1, Royal is closing the scheme to new employees. These new staff
will instead be given a 15per cent salary uplift to compensate for not being
eligible to join the pension plan.

Current employees will also have the option to remain in the scheme, or receive
15per cent of their salary to invest in other savings programmes.

Mathewson, who retired as chairman of Royal Bank some two weeks ago, said in
2002:

"The bank has a long-standing contract with the staff, which is an emotional
contract and is very much to our benefit."

When contacted by The Herald last night, he said: "I think it's excellent that
RBS is (standing) by its promises to existing members."

However, he said it was "inevitable" that some changes would have to be made to
the scheme.

Asked whether closing  the current scheme to new members was a breach of the
"emotional contract", he replied: "The important thing is, is the company as a
whole getting the full appreciation of the value of the scheme? There is some
evidence that's not the case."

Pressed on whether the announcement was timed to happen after his retirement,
and whether he opposed the change while still chairman, Mathewson said: "No.
We've discussed this over the past two years, and I think there was a reluctant
acceptance we had to make some changes . . . to protect the scheme from future
medical advances."

In March this year, The Herald asked Sir Fred Goodwin, chief executive of Royal,
whether the bank would continue to honour the "emotional contract"with staff
after Mathewson's retirement, and he replied: "We honour all of our contracts,
and we have no plans to take anything away from people that they have already
got."

Companies have been abandoning their defined benefit final salary pension
schemes in increasing numbers over the past three years as ballooning fund
deficits have forced them to seek a cheaper alternative.

Most have opted to close their final salary schemes to new entrants and offer
them an inferior defined contribution, or money purchase scheme. These schemes
shift much of the risk, currently being shouldered by the employer, to the
employee to provide for their retirement income.

Royal, which made GBP8.25bn in profits last year, saw its gross pension deficit
grow to GBP3.9bn at the end of 2005 from GBP2.9bn in 2004. The net pension
liability (after tax) was GBP2.7bn, up from GBP2.1bn a year earlier.

The scheme is expensive for Royal to run because it requires no contribution
from members, at the present time. In 2004, Royal pumped GBP750m into the scheme
to shore it up.

The bank yesterday claimed that the change had nothing to do with the cost of
running the scheme, and more to do with offering an increasingly mobile
workforce more "choice" over how they save for retirement.

Earlier this year, Clydesdale Bank shut its final salary pension scheme to
existing members after proposing to move about 3500 scheme members to an
inferior "career average" scheme. Others, such as the Co-op, have made similar
cuts to staff pension benefits.

Rob MacGregor, the Amicus national secretary for Royal Bank of Scotland Group,
said: "We are extremely disappointed by this. We recognise the final salary
pension scheme as a significant tool in the recruitment of the brightest and the
best staff to the company.

"What it's been replaced with could have been a lot worse . . . so they have
sugared the pill.

"But we can't get away from the fact that it's extremely disappointing that such
a profitable company is closing its final salary scheme to new entrants."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2006 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              751 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                        April 12, 2004, Monday Edition 1

Fears over entry level scheme changes

BYLINE: By Rachael Gillbanks, The Journal

SECTION: FARMING, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 849 words


   Is the Entry Level Scheme set to become a heavy but necessary burden?

One year into the five-year pilot of the Entry Level Scheme, and Defra is
already gearing up to roll it out nationwide from 2005.

But just what will the national scheme entail and how will it be affected, not
only by the reaction to the pilot project but also by plans to attach so-called
'cross-compliance' conditions to the new Single Farm Payment?

Launched as a pilot in February last year Defra's new agri-environment scheme,
initially dubbed the Entry Level Scheme, saw 70 farms in County Durham sign up
for the largest trial in the country.

Based on 10,000 hectares of upland landscape around Barnard Castle, the County
Durham pilot was one of four in the country focusing on different farming
scenarios: grassland, mixed, arable and cropping plus, of course, upland.

The aim was to provide a straight-forward, basic scheme that would be open to
all farmers. It would be designed to encourage and reward sound environmental
management and tackle a range of issues such as the impact of pollution, loss of
biodiversity, loss of landscape character and damage to the historic
environment.

Of key importance however, was how the scheme was sold to farmers and that was
as a measure that would provide a modest payment [ 30 per hectare] in
recognition of the voluntary environmental management work that farmers had been
doing for decades everything from tree planting to drystone wall and hedgerow
maintenance.

According to Barnard Castle farmer, Geoff Wilson, who, with support from his
landlord, was involved right from the start even before the pilot was launched
this approach has proved to be attractive and viable.

"With modulation increasing, this scheme presented a real opportunity to get
back some of the money for the farm," he said. "Defra were as good as their word
and developed a relatively straightforward scheme, which whilst it required a
whole farm environmental record, was still not too prescriptive.

"By signing up to a range of options in the scheme, from maintaining rig and
furr to caring for our traditional farm buildings and dry stone walls, we were
able to meet the points requirement without too much difficulty thanks in part
to the fact that we have always taken care to maintain the farm to a high
standard."

This sentiment is echoed by another farmer in the pilot, John Addison, who farms
around 1,700 hectares of land on Bowes Moor 1,500 hectares of which is classed
as common land.

He says that in its current format, the scheme would be attractive to anyone
that has maintained his farm. But he's very concerned when it comes to how
common land will be treated in the national scheme.

"I pushed hard from the outset for the pilot scheme to include a stretch of
common land," he said.

"The danger now is that the common land option will be introduced as part of the
national scheme, without having had any of the wrinkles ironed out."

Despite the success of the scheme so far, from a farm perspective anyway, the
fear that the national scheme will be much more restrictive is at the heart of
concerns expressed by Geoff and John.

Fears that Defra has judged the pilot scheme to be too easy for farmers, lead
both to wonder how far-reaching the changes will be when the national scheme is
rolled out next year.

Their argument is that if the scheme makes too many demands for what is a
relatively small pay-off, then farmers will not take it on. But the choice not
to participate may be a luxury that some cannot afford, judging by the predicted
impact of the Single Farm Payment [SFP].

According to David Maughan, former county chairman, who farms at Morton Tinmouth
near Darlington, the impact of the new SFP combined with increasing modulation
is that most farmers will have to look at the new Environmental Stewardship
Scheme [the name for the national ELS] as a means of clawing back some of the
money they've lost.

Closely involved with the pilot, although not in the pilot area, David has
conducted a table-top exercise to see how the scheme would work for a lowland
farm. As far as the pilot scheme was concerned, he recons he would be able to
make the points tally needed, but he's not convinced this would be the case if
the scheme were made more restrictive.

"The introduction of cross-compliance conditions with the new SFP means that in
effect, payment will be conditional on farms achieving minimum environmental
standards. Defra is already getting ready to consult on what this means exactly,
but it looks almost certain that it will include soil management conditions and
minimum standards of landscape management.

"This could affect the options available in the Environmental Stewardship
Scheme, particularly if the maintenance of dry stone walls and hedgerows is
considered part of cross-compliance. The result could be, that at a time when
farmers need more than ever to claw back as much modulation as they can, one of
the main vehicles for doing so could be so prescriptive that it severely limits
eligibility."

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              752 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                      March 18, 2004, Thursday Edition Jo

Pension path is long and winding

BYLINE: By Graham Handley, The Evening Chronicle

SECTION: JOBS NEWS, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 570 words


   We currently offer a final salary scheme to our staff. We are finding it an
increasing liability. How can we go about making the change to a more cost
effective scheme?

Answer: Final salary, or defined benefit, schemes are now thought of as "gold
standard" in providing pensions for employees.

Unfortunately, they have come under increasing pressure in the last 10 years.
With ever increasing legislative requirements, low inflation and interest rates,
reduced asset values and members living longer, final salary schemes are finding
it difficult to survive.

Many have closed to new entrants. Many have had to reduce benefits and/or
increase both employer and member contributions.

Changing existing arrangements can be tortuous and it is essential professional
guidance is sought. Legal issues need to be addressed and member communication
is important if you wish to retain good employee relations.

On June 11, 2003, the Government announced that final salary schemes could only
wind up if they purchased the liability of members benefits with an insurance
company. If the scheme had insufficient assets the shortfall becomes a debt on
the employer. The cost to purchase benefits has risen sharply in a reducing
market place. Shortfalls can be big enough to put the sponsoring employer into
liquidation.

If you have no alternative than to discontinue the existing final salary scheme,
and bearing in mind this will not necessarily stop your future commitment to the
scheme, then your only commitment will be determined by the number of employees
you have.

Since October 2001 employers with more than five employees have been required to
designate a registered stakeholder pension scheme, unless they offer an
occupational pension scheme that all staff can join within a year of starting to
work for the firm. Employees do not have to join the pension scheme you offer,
and as an employer you do not have to make contributions to your employees'
stakeholder pensions if you don't want to.

As an employer, the first step is to designate a scheme. You will not be
responsible for the scheme you designate, but it is advised that you take
professional advice about this.

You should choose a registered stakeholder pension scheme or schemes from the
list of registered pension schemes held by the Occupational Pensions Regulatory
Authority. Give information about the scheme to your staff, and make them aware
of the name and address of the stakeholder pension scheme provider.

You also need to provide a payroll deduction facility, and offer to deduct and
record the amount that each employee wants to pay into his or her stakeholder
pension, via the payroll. Contributions must be paid to the scheme provider
within given time limits and a formal record of the contributions you make.

You will have to provide continuing involvement with the scheme. Once the scheme
has been designated, the employer will be responsible for ensuring that new
staff are informed of the details, and changes to contributions on behalf of
existing members.

NGraham Handley is the divisional director of Wise Speke Employee Benefits, a
division of Brewin Dolphin Securities Ltd in Newcastle. The views expressed are
not necessarily held throughout the Brewin Dolphin group. You should bear in
mind that no investment is suitable for all circumstances and it is important to
seek expert advice if in any doubt.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              753 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Standard (London)

                               February 15, 2002

Retirement with a sting in its tail;
Your employer may be about to pull the rug from under your old age by changing
its pension plans.;
this is money

BYLINE: Jo Thornhill

SECTION: Pg. 76

LENGTH: 697 words



THE traditional reward for an employee's long and loyal service - a comfortable
final-salary pension - could soon become as obsolete as a canary in a coal mine.
A growing number of high-profile companies are closing the doors on their
generous final-salary employee pension schemes.

Companies are blaming longer life expectancy, low inflation, falling stock
markets and new regulations that have increased costs, saying the schemes have
become too costly to run.

Abbey National has become the latest to follow the trend, hot on the heels of
Ernst and Young, Iceland, Marks and Spencer, BT, ICI, Barclays, Legal and
General and CGNU. These firms will offer money-purchase schemes instead.

Many other schemes could go the same way - only local authority employees and
civil servants might now feel safe about their pensions.

In addition, an obscure regulatory change in company pension fund reporting is
forcing firms to review their final-salary schemes. Rule FRS 17, which comes
into force in 2003, means firms will have to show the gains and losses of their
pension funds on the balance sheet each year - previously, they could smooth
returns over years. This means the big funding holes that can show up in the
worst cases can prevent firms paying dividends to shareholders.

What is the difference between the schemes and why is it so vital to the quality
of your retirement years?

Final-salary schemes pay a pension based on an employee's salary in the final
year before retirement, and the number of years of service. The usual formula is
one-60th of final-salary multiplied by the length of scheme membership. A
40-year member would retire on two-thirds of finalsalary.

Contributions to final-salary schemes go into a savings pot with those of other
members. They have no say over what happens to the money, but returns are
guaranteed while the scheme is active.

Money-purchase schemes provide each member with their own pot of money. On
retirement, this is used to purchase an annuity that pays a fixed income until
death. The size of the annuity depends on how much you and your employer have
put into your pot, the performance of your savings, minus the costs of running
the fund.

With final-salary schemes, companies take all the investment risk. With
money-purchase schemes, you must choose which annuity to buy - if it does not
produce an adequate income, no one will bail you out.

What happens when a company changes to money-purchase?

Any money already accrued in a final-salary scheme is safe and benefits to date
will be guaranteed. In many cases, companies will keep the scheme open for
existing members until their retirement. However, if the scheme is wound up, you
will have to make future payments on a moneypurchase basis.

If this happens to you, seek independent financial advice about a future
shortfall in pension expectations. You will need advice if the final-salary
scheme is wound up and you have to take your benefits out of the scheme.

Are final-salary schemes likely to survive?

Many experts reckon that in 10 years, most private sector final-salary schemes
will have been wound-up or closed to new members. Even public sector schemes may
have to switch or face potentially crippling liabilities.

Where can I go for help?

Your human resources department.

You can also contact the pension trustees, whose details should be on your
benefit statements.

What will switching to a money-purchase pension do for me?

Money-purchase schemes offer a worse deal for employees because the amount of
pension they will produce is unpredictable. In addition, employers typically
contribute only half as much compared to final-salary schemes.

Are there any positives?

Employees in money- purchase schemes have more control over the investment of
their pension fund.

And in many cases the schemes are easily portable, which may benefit those who
intend to move jobs or take career breaks.

For information, contact the Occupational Pensions Regulatory Authority (OPRA),
www.opra.gov.uk, 01273 627 600, or the Office of Pensions Advisory Service
(OPAS), www.opas.org.uk, 020 7233 8080.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2002 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              754 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Standard (London)

                                 June 29, 2001

Whose surplus is it anyway?;
Should the huge reserves built up by company pension schemes be shared among
members or claimed back by the employer? Pam Atherton reports

BYLINE: Pam Atherton

SECTION: Pg. 46;47

LENGTH: 1020 words


PENSION schemes are for pensioners, not lawyers - although you could be forgiven
for thinking otherwise, judging by the number of legal disputes involving
pension surpluses in recent years.

A surplus arises in a company pension scheme when the value of its assets exceed
the amount of money required to meet the pensions and other benefits promised to
its members. Huge surpluses running into hundreds of millions of pounds have
arisen in some of Britain's largest pension schemes, thanks to buoyant stock
markets during most of the 1980s and 90s.

Given the large amount of money at stake it is hardly surprising that disputes
over the use of pension surpluses are often the most acrimonious and expensive
to settle.

The problem lies in the fact that final salary schemes are sponsored by
employers, who undertake to pay scheme members a pension based on salary at
retirement and the number of years worked for the company.

If there is a deficit in the scheme, the employer has to make good the shortfall
by topping up the fund from its own pocket, to ensure that the fund will meet
its liabilities. So employers argue that, conversely, any surplus which arises
belongs to them.

But employees contribute to pension schemes as well (unless they belong to a
non-contributory scheme) and feel aggrieved when an employer is seen to be
pocketing a surplus.

This has led to bitter disputes over surpluses at schemes as diverse as the
National Bus Company, Barclays, British Airways, National Grid and National
Power.

Regrettably, a legal ruling on the use of a surplus at one pension scheme will
not necessarily set a precedent for others, although in certain cases it may
give some guidance to schemes in a similar situation.

This is because the use of an occupational scheme surplus is usually laid down
in the trust deed. These were often written 50 to 60 years ago and each one is
different.

In fact, a number of the recent High Court rulings have hinged on the judges'
interpretation of just a few words tucked away in the trust deed.

Pensioners of the National Grid and National Power schemes were recently
defeated in a battle over the use of a £1.5 billion surplus to fund redundancies
in the electricity supply industry in the early 1990s.

Although the Pensions Ombudsman upheld the pensioners' original complaint, the
House of Lords ruled in favour of National Grid in a landmark decision in April
this year.

But one of the longest-running disputes, involving 50,000 National Bus Company
pensioners, is about to be resolved in their favour. This 15-year
David-and-Goliath dispute involves former bus driver Francis Wheeler, from
Moffat in Dumfriesshire, who took on former and current Governments over the
removal of a £365 million surplus from the National Bus pension scheme in 1986
at the time of its privatisation.

The trustees are currently deciding how the surplus should be distributed
between various groups of pensioners, but payments should be made before the end
of the year.

The National Bus Company dispute seems to have been the exception rather than
the rule. Elsewhere, members of the Barclays Pension Scheme, who challenged the
right of the trustees to use part of a £1.2 billion surplus to subsidise the
bank's contributions to a new money purchase scheme, lost their case when the
High Court ruled in favour of Barclays in November last year.

Last February, British Airways Pension Scheme (APS) members went to court for
clarification of the rules governing how a £1.2 billion surplus should be spent.
The High Court ruled the employer has control of the surplus, not the
beneficiaries, and gave directions for the surplus to be used to cover a 30-year
contribution holiday for the company. Any remaining surplus could then be spent
on making a reserve, providing additional scheme benefits or granting employees
a contribution holiday.

But these rulings in favour of the employer have not prevented other disputes
from arising. A row has erupted over the BBC pension scheme, where pensioners
are challenging the use of a £650 million scheme surplus to reduce costs within
the corporation.

The pensioners are up in arms because the BBC is reducing its contribution to
the scheme - as a cost-cutting measure - instead of using the money to improve
benefits.

More recently, members of the Thorn pension scheme have complained to the
Pensions Ombudsman about moves by the company to allow it to remove £50 million
from the scheme's surplus. They are also claiming that the company artificially
created a large scheme surplus by manipulating the balance of the

-

scheme's investments between equities and bonds.

Frustration on the part of trustees and scheme members at the time and expense
incurred in such disputes has led to calls for an industry-wide standard on the
use of surpluses.

Help may be at hand. The Myners Report, published in March this year, called for
greater legal clarification over the use of surpluses. The author of the report,
Paul Myners, chairman of investment group Gartmore, proposed that the Law
Commission should review whether greater clarity over the use of surpluses could
be achieved through a change in the law.

In the meantime attention is focused on whether the National Grid pensioners
will take their case to the European Court of Justice.

Even lawyers would welcome a steer on surplus issues. Jane Samsworth, pensions
specialist at City law firm Lovells, says: "Lawyers fight cases because their
clients tell them to. It is that simple - unlike the issues surrounding
surpluses."

If you're in dispute

First of all, discuss the matter with the scheme trustees.

If the matter is still unresolved, use the Dispute Resolution Procedure (see
your scheme booklet for details).

If you reach deadlock, complaints may be referred to The Occupational Pensions
Advisory Service (OPAS), 11 Belgrave Road, London SW1V 1RB.

Telephone: 0207 233 8080.

If OPAS is unable to resolve the matter, it may pass your complaint to the
Pensions Ombudsman, Dr Julian Farrand.


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: BARCLAYS PENSIONERS DEMONSTRATE AT A COMPANY AGM THEIR OPPOSITION TO
PENSION SURPLUS CLAWBACK

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2001 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              755 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            June 12, 1999, Saturday

TAX-FREE SAVINGS SURVEY: HOW TO MAKE THE MOST OF YOUR PENSION

BYLINE: Iain Morse

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 891 words


ARE YOU lucky enough to be in an occupational pension scheme? Some nine million
of us are, but only a tiny fraction of these qualify for "maximum scheme
benefits", where the amount paid at retirement is the most one is entitled to.

One way to make up any shortfall is by making additional voluntary contributions
(AVCs) into your scheme.

Deciding whether or not you should be making AVCs depends on understanding how
Inland Revenue rules are applied to the calculation of maximum benefits. The
most important of these is that a pension scheme member can retire on a pension
capped at no more than two-thirds of his or her final salary.

There are several definitions of what counts as final salary. It can be the
average of the last three years' salary, the best year in the last 10 and so
forth. However, according to Tony Reardon, the author of the Allied Dunbar
Pensions Handbook: "Only a small minority of scheme members ever run up against
the two thirds limit, because fewer and fewer of us stay in any one scheme long
enough to qualify for them."

Most occupational pension schemes offer so-called "defined salary benefits".
These calculate your pension entitlement according to the result of applying a
fixed formula to the number of years over which you have been a scheme member.

A typical scheme might offer a maximum pension after 40 years of service; a term
of employment that few, if any, of us are likely to complete with any single
employer. So if you are in the scheme for only 20 years, you will qualify for no
more than one third of you final salary.

Just as importantly, while the Inland Revenue puts an upper limit of two -thirds
of your final salary on scheme benefits, it is wise to remember that particular
pension schemes can offer lower rates of accrual than this. For instance, they
may only offer maximum benefits, after 40 years service, of only half your final
salary.

The exact details of how your scheme works will be given in its membership
handbook, which should be available to you without charge. Contact your scheme
trustees in writing, or try your trade union representative.

If you write to the scheme trustees you can also ask for a projected statement
of your final pension benefits in the scheme. Again, this will be provided free
of charge and should tell you clearly whether you are going to be short of years
in the scheme.

The good news is that if you have had membership of several different schemes,
the Revenue does not try to lump these together when deciding how much pension
you are allowed. Each scheme, and your membership of it, is treated quite
separately.

Occupational pension schemes are always either contributory or non
-contributory.

The difference is simple; a contributory scheme requires an automatic deduction
from you gross salary, along with contributions made by your employer.

So if you decide that you want to pay AVCs, a little care is needed in sorting
out the maximum you can contribute in practice. The maximum allowable
contribution is no more than 15 per cent of pensionable salary.

However any contributions you are already making to your main pension scheme,
usually between 4 and 6 per cent of salary, are deducted from the 15 per cent
allowance before you make any AVCs.

In practice, this will reduce the amount you can contribute to somewhere between
9 and 12 per cent of gross salary. You may also be paying premiums on "pension
term assurance" within the 15 per cent allowance, and these must also be
deducted to reach your final contribution allowance.

Your next important choice is between "in-house" or "free-standing AVCs"
(FSAVCs) In-house AVCs are offered by the provider of your main pension scheme
-usually a large insurance company - and pay no commission to intermediaries.

This means that they are cheaper than FSAVCs. Like-for-like, an in-house AVC
should almost always give better returns. But the case against free standing
AVCs is not open and shut.

Rules governing in-house AVCs mean that you must take benefit from them when you
take benefit from the main pension scheme to which they are attached. They are
not transferable or "portable" if you move from one pension scheme to another.

By contrast, FSAVCs are fully portable and can be "vested" or cashed in when you
take benefit from any one of your pension schemes. In practice, this gives you
greater flexibility about how you will ultimately take your pension benefits.

Just as importantly, FSAVCs offer a very wide range of fund choice, from "with
-profits" to emerging markets - by contrast, typical in-house AVCs will usually
only offer a with-profits fund or a managed equity fund.

"The problem," according to Andy Cox, of actuarial consultants Bacon & Woodrow,
"is deciding whether or not any of these possible benefits will be of practical
value to the great majority of those buying FSAVCs rather than the far cheaper
in-house variety.

"Most pension scheme members would be better off with an in-house scheme. Most
members do not have enough spare cash to use up their allowances for AVC
contributions anyway, so every penny really counts."

According to Bacon & Woodrow, fund growth on in-house AVCs is on average 10 to
15 per cent higher than on FSAVCs as a result of their respective charging
structures.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              756 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                November 3, 1992

Pensions compensation plan needed immediately, not later

BYLINE: Christopher Sims

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 814 words


WITH the anniversary of the death of Robert Maxwell coming up this week it is an
appropriate moment for the pensions industry to come up with its plan for a
compensation scheme, the need for which was so glaringly clear in the horrific
mess that Maxwell left behind.

The National Association of Pension Funds has submitted its plans to the Goode
committee which is looking into all aspects of occupational pensions. This is
not due to report until the middle of next year and a compensation scheme would
take some years to be up and running which is unfortunate because a scheme is
really needed straight away given the rate at which companies are going under,
some of which are leaving deficiencies in their pension funds.

However, a start has to be made somewhere and the NAPF proposal would fit the
bill. At least it does not fiddle about with self-regulation which has created
many problems in the regulation of other financial services. Instead, it goes
for a full-blooded statutory body, though funded by the industry itself.

So it would be compulsory for all non-governmental occupational pension schemes
to be a member of the compensation fund, which would pay the promised benefits
up to a prescribed level if there was a shortfall in the pension fund however it
had arisen. The only exception would be in respect of money purchase schemes and
poor investment performance.

The problem with the funding of compensation schemes through a universal levy is
that the good guys end up paying for bailing out the bad guys. So it is proposed
that the higher quality pension schemes of household name companies should pay a
relatively lower contribution than the weaker schemes which carry higher risk of
shortfall. The various parameters of health would include solvency, the ratio of
assets to liabilities and the financial strength of the company.

Clearly it would have to be formula based rather than having any subjective
input but it would put tremendous pressure on companies with a higher risk
assessment to improve their pension scheme. The necessary information is
available now but the contribution plan would put the riskier schemes in the
spotlight. Members of the scheme would have to be informed directly if there was
a likely shortfall of funds.

The danger in highlighting a scheme's shortcomings is that it could frighten
members out of it. However, the NAPF envisages that employers in these cases
would have to put foward a plan for bringing their pension scheme up to stratch.
Trustees would be required to ensure custodians could demonstrate practical
independence of the employer. So the NAPF scheme would encourage good practice
by trustees and employers.

However, the prospect of further bureaucracy would put more pressure on small
employers to opt out of final salary schemes and institute simpler money
purchase plans or to opt out altogether. But there is bound to be some downside
to any compensation scheme.

Rather than supplying a capital sum from which pensions of failed funds would be
paid, the NAPF thinks it would be preferable for the scheme to pay pensions on
an ongoing basis, with Government underpinning the necessary cashflow,
particularly in the early years of the fund.

Whether tighter rules governing pension schemes would have stopped Maxwell
stealing from his pension schemes is uncertain.

If the regulators depended on the trustees then a character like Maxwell could
still bluff and bully his way through. To prevent this, the new body would have
to have a substantial direct monitoring role which would increase the costs of
it considerably. It could be more cost effective to have a slightly less hands
-on approach and accept a greater risk of claims on the compensation fund.

However, details of the scheme have yet to be worked out. The first thing is to
sell the idea to the pension funds and here the omens are good. The industry was
genuinely shocked by the Maxwell affair and not a little ashamed. Few pension
schemes actually collapse and the cost should be modest.

Employees of responsible companies with sound pension schemes may think they
have absolutely no reason to have any doubts over their retirement provision but
as a result of corporate activity they may not end up in the scheme they started
with.

After all some pensioners found themselves caught up in the Maxwell collapse
because their original employer was bought by Maxwell after they had retired.
Companies are taken over, there are demergers and divisions are sold off, often
through management buy-outs which leave the employee in a much smaller company.

All members of a company pension scheme will sleep easier when the compensation
fund is eventually in place -- if only the Government would underwrite such a
fund now and recover the cost from the scheme when it is fully operational.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Robert Maxwell, left behind an horrific mess

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              757 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            December 14, 1987 Monday
                                  Late Edition

STATES LEANING TO PLAN FOR NATIONAL CORPORATE CONTROL

BYLINE: BEN POTTER

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 609 words


The rejection by State law ministers of a split scheme of corporate regulation
has put pressure on the Federal Opposition to agree to a wholly national scheme
or bear the odium of dragging company law back 30 years.

State attorneys-general at Friday's Ministerial Council meeting in Hobart were
united in condemning a compromise proposal to leave them with responsibility
only for exempt proprietary companies operating within the boundaries of one
State.

This tipped the scales towards the plan by the Federal Attorney-General, Mr
Bowen, of taking control of all companies - not just public companies and
private ones trading interstate - with his planned national companies scheme.

The States have agreed to report back to Mr Bowen with final answers to his
proposal by February 15.

Sources said the other option discussed - a revamped co-operative scheme giving
greater control to the Commonwealth - was not being seriously considered by the
Federal Government, which would proceed with a national companies scheme.

The States' offer to cede more power to the Commonwealth marked a shift in their
hardline stance (NSW excepted) against Mr Bowen's plan to replace the existing
co-operative scheme run by State and Federal attorneys with a Federal scheme.

The attitude of the Federal Opposition was seen as a hurdle for Mr Bowen
although just where the Opposition stands is not clear.

The Opposition Leader, Mr Howard, has said he supports a national scheme -in
line with the recommendation of the Senate Standing Committee - but has not
commented on the split scheme proposal.

But the Opposition's spokesman for business and consumer affairs, Mr John Moore,
has been promoting the split scheme as official Opposition policy, to the dismay
of his fellow Queenslander, State Minister of Justice, Mr Paul Clauson.

The prospect of the Senate's blocking a fully national companies scheme and the
clear lack of support for a split prompted the Victorian Attorney-General, Mr
Jim Kennan, to predict that "support for a national scheme is going to erode".

The Federal Opposition will be less enthusiastic than the States to be seen to
be thwarting the move to a national companies scheme, directly accountable to
Federal Parliament, because of States' rights and financial compensation issues.

If it demands a split scheme, under which individual companies and States can
opt into the Federal scheme, it risks being blamed for returning Australian
company law to the confusion that reigned before the first Uniform Companies Act
was introduced in 1962.

Mr Jim Kennan said a split scheme would be an "administrative nightmare"which
could lead to a proliferation of different companies schemes in Australia.

This is why Commonwealth officials saw Friday's talks as successful. The
debunking of the split scheme proposal left two clear options: a fully national
scheme or a revamped co-operative scheme.

And it is now up to the Opposition to decide which is better for Australia's
corporate sector.

Under the revamped co-operative scheme, Federal Parliament would have sole
responsibility for companies legislation and the Federal Attorney-General would
be permanent chairman of the Ministerial Council, which would have only a
limited veto role - say on a two-thirds majority.

Mr Kennan said this would address the Senate Standing Committee's criticisms of
the co-operative scheme - primarily that it is not accountable to any one
parliament - and shift power to the Commonwealth while preserving the
"uniformity and co-operation under the present system".

But it would also reduce the Ministerial Council to a States' house of review -
a function already performed by the Senate.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Mr BOWEN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1987 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2013 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                  July 2, 2013

                       May Gurney Integrated Services Plc

                   Trowse, Norwich, NR14 8SZ, United Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 44-1603-727272
FAX: 44-1603-727400
URL: http://www.maygurney.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: MAYG
ISIN: GB00B1528L44

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: June 21,2006

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME         DESIGNATION  APPOINTMENT  SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                          DATE
David Sterry Chairman     -            Philip was appointed as a director of
                                       May Gurney in April 2008 and as Chief
                                       Executive in July 2008 Philip has a
                                       wealth of experience in the
                                       infrastructure and waste support
                                       services sectors and prior to joining
                                       May Gurney he was chief executive of
                                       Accord plc. As well as overall
                                       responsibility for the operational and
                                       commercial performance and strategic
                                       development of the Company, Philip also
                                       has Board responsibility for human
                                       resources, health and safety and
                                       information systems.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
May Gurney Integrated Services plc provides infrastructure support services in
the United Kingdom. The company operates in two segments, Public Sector Services
and Regulated Sector Services. The Public Sector Services segment provides
highway services, environmental services, and facility services. It offers a
range of services to local authorities, such as highways maintenance, street
lighting, and surface dressing; kerbside recycling and refuse collections,
street cleansing, and the management of household waste recycling centres; and
new build, refurbishment, and maintenance for education sector and regional
frameworks, as well as establishes partnerships for additional services, such as
design and information technology. The Regulated Sector Services segment offers
utility services for water and telecommunication sectors, including clean and
waste water improvements, asset and infrastructure maintenance, and mechanical
and electrical design, as well as maintenance, inspection, and maintenance for
bridges and masts, site investigation, and design; and waterways services that
include maintenance services, such as mechanical, civil, and electrical
engineering. It also provides rail services, maintenance and refurbishment works
on rail structures, rail property, and in the signalling environment. The
company was founded in 1926 and is based in Norwich, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Support Services sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in GBP)                      9/30/2011
Sales                                   571,400,000
Gross Profit                             58,000,000
Interest                                  1,200,000
Depreciation and                         25,100,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                               13,300,000
Earnings Before Interest                 20,000,000
and Tax
Earnings Before                          45,100,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                       5,500,000
Shareholders Funds                       84,100,000
Net Tangible Assets                      30,600,000
Net Assets                               84,100,000
Current Assets                          151,000,000
Total Non-Current Assets                 93,600,000
Total Assets                            244,600,000
Current Liabilities                     142,000,000
Current Debt                              7,300,000
Non-Current Debt                         18,000,000
Total Liabilities                       160,500,000
Total Debt                               25,300,000
Total Investing Cashflow                -34,200,000
Total Financial Cashflow                  5,900,000
Net Operating Cashflow                   21,100,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                 0
Cash Flow Per Share                1
Adjusted earnings Per              0
Share
Working Capital (GBP)      9,000,000
Return on Assets                   5
Return on Equity                  16
Sales Margin                       2
Earnings Before Interest           8
Tax Depreciation and
Amortisation to Sales %
Total Debt / Equity                0
(Ratio)
Interest Cover equals             17
Earnings Before Interest
and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by           1
Current Assets/Current
Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital                 19
Employed
Return on Assets                   4
Return on Equity                  15
Return on Capital                 15
Employed
Earnings Per Share                 5
Growth

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Philip Fellowes-Prynne               53              -

EPS: GBP 0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
1,243     Final     20 Jun, 2012        -              31 Jul, 2012         GBX

PRICES (GBP):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 18,075
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 29,875
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 28,975
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 297
BID PRICE: 297
ASK PRICE: 29,825
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 70,236,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (GBP):
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 210,708,000
MCAP CHANGE: 1.02%
HIGH PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 3,140
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 17,738
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 31,212
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 23,205
LOW PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 96.18
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 165
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 28,975
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 96.18
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 98.21
TURNOVER RATE: 10,183%
TURNOVER: 120,980,574%
VOLUME: 407,342
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 2,860,740
PRICE CHANGE:
PRICE CHANGE: 3
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 1.02
BID ASK SPREAD: 0.42
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -8.9
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 1.02
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: -13
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -4.19
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -65.14
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 19.28
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 114,375
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 62.63
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 64
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 27.47
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (GBP):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 2,941,827
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAYS: 1.01
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAYs: 0.96%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.34%
VWP 1 MONTH: 3,006,534
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 0.99
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.59
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 5.41
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 2.5
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 2,088
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK           10,102          10          15           -
5 WEEKS         131,495      31,495          11           -
13 WEEKS        141,483      41,483          12           -
1 MONTH          95,806         -42          15           -
3 MONTHS          7,182      -2,818          16           -
6 MONTHS         71,944     -29,734          17           -
1 YEAR          132,513      27,468          50          33
2 YEARS          77,292     -27,107          44           -
3 YEARS          75,216     -30,828          60          -9
5 YEARS               -           -           -           -

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 7,219,255,200
CMV MULTIPLIER: 24,908
RETAINED EARNINGS: 29,100,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 13,611,736,800
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 20,860,092,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (GBP):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 2,077,297
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.43
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 2,980,083
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 1
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.94
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.86
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 1.42
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.27
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 2.56
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 1.48
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 1.96
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 3.11
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 3.59
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 7.5
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 7.72
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 14,127
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 22,647
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.08
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.55
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -2.29
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.05
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 21.09
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 58.39
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 15.71
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 18.2
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 84.03
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 51.6
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 42.6
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 89.63
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 95.16
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 62.85
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 5
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 8
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 4,073,420
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 65.5
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 35.5
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 46.5
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 18.38
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -86.23
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -39.03
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -17.36
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -12.89
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR           TRANSACTION TRANSACTION NO. OF      PRICE IN $  VALUE IN $
                   DATE        TYPE        SHARES
Philip             06 Jul,     Bought               54           2           6
Fellowes-Prynne    2012

FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 6.46
PRICE TO SALES: 0.3
YIELD: 2.84
EARNING YIELD: 6.62
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 2.87
RETURN ON ASSETS: 5.44
RETURN ON EARNINGS: 15.81
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED DEFINED BY NET PROFIT/CAPITAL EMPLOYED(%): 19.49
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 22.73
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 2.93
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 0.89
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 2.29
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 1.45
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 5.3
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 15.14
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 14.16
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 15.69
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 18.88
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE   HEADLINE      CLOSE     XMONTH    XMONTH    TOP RISE      STEEPEST FALL
                     PRICE     HIGH      LOW
Fri,   May Gurney       16,175
Nov 23 Integrated
       Services
       weakens below
       50 day
       Exponential
       Moving
       Average Price
       (EMAP).

DATE   HEADLINE  CLOSE   XMONTH  XMONTH  TOP RISE  SECOND    STEEPES SECOND
                 PRICE   HIGH    LOW               HIGHEST   T FALL  HIGHEST
                                                   RISE              FALL
Fri,   May        16,175 three-m one-mon May       May       May     May Gurney
Nov 23 Gurney            onth    th Low  Gurney    Gurney    Gurney  Integrated
       Integrate         High            Integrate Integrate Integra Services
       d                                 d         d         ted     falls for
       Services                          Services  Services  Service a sixth
       weakens                           strengthe hits      s drops consecutiv
       below 50                          ns above  two-month 1.5% to e day, a
       day                               50 day    high on   GBX1722 six day
       Exponenti                         Exponenti high      5 on    fall of
       al Moving                         al Moving volume.   high    6.6%.
       Average                           Average             volatil
       Price                             Price               ity.
       (EMAP).                           (EMAP).

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   [News Story]

   On 26 March 2013, the Boards of May Gurney Integrated Services plc (&"May
Gurney&") and Costain Group PLC (&"Costain&") announced that they had reached
agreement on the terms of a recommended all-share merger of Costain and May
Gurney (the &"Merger&"). The Merger is to be effected by means of a
Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006
pursuant to which May Gurney Shareholders will receive 0.8275 New Costain
Ordinary Shares for every Scheme Share held (the &"Scheme&"). In addition, May
Gurney has declared a second interim dividend of 5.6 pence per May Gurney Share
in lieu of a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2013 This dividend,
which will be conditional upon the Merger becoming Effective, will be paid after
the Effective Date to May Gurney Shareholders on the register of members at the
Scheme Record Time.

   The Board of May Gurney is pleased to announce that the Court has approved
the publication and posting of the circular to May Gurney Shareholders relating
to the Scheme (the &"Scheme Document&"). The Scheme Document sets out, amongst
other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme, an explanatory
statement pursuant to section 897 of the Companies Act 2006, a timetable of
principal events and details of the action to be taken by May Gurney
Shareholders.

   As described in the Scheme Document, to become Effective, the Scheme will
require the approval of May Gurney Shareholders at the Court Meeting and the
passing of a special resolution at the General Meeting. The Court Meeting and
the General Meeting are scheduled to be held at the offices of Eversheds LLP,
One Wood Street, London, EC2V 7WS on 7 May 2013, with the Court Meeting to
commence at 10.00 a.m. and the General Meeting to commence at 10.15 a.m. (or as
soon thereafter as the Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned). Notices of the
Court Meeting and the General Meeting are set out in the Scheme Document.

   The Scheme Document and the Forms of Proxy for use by May Gurney Shareholders
at the Court Meeting and the General Meeting will be posted to May Gurney
Shareholders today and will also be available for inspection (i) at the offices
of Eversheds LLP, One Wood Street, London, EC2V 7WS and (ii) subject to certain
restrictions, on the May Gurney website (www.maygurney.co.uk) and the Costain
website (, www.costain.com), in each case, up to and including the Effective
Date.

   Subject to the requisite approval of May Gurney Shareholders at the Court
Meeting and the General Meeting, the sanction of the Scheme and the confirmation
of the Capital Reduction by the Court at the Scheme Sanction Hearing and
Reduction Capital Hearing, respectively, and the delivery of office copies of
the Court Orders and the Statement of Capital to the Registrar of Companies and,
if so ordered by the Court, the Capital Reduction being registered by the
Registrar of Companies and the satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions
set out in the Scheme Document, the Scheme is expected to become Effective on or
around 6 June 2013

   Source: London Stock Exchange

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   May Gurney Integrated Services (MAYG.L) substantial shareholder Crosswater
Investment Holdings Limited sold 100,000 shares worth approximately GBP285,000
(US$460,3502) on December 14, 2011 The selling price was GBX2850.

OTHERS

   [News Story]

   On 26 March 2013, the Boards of May Gurney Integrated Services plc (&"May
Gurney&") and Costain Group PLC (&"Costain&") announced that they had reached
agreement on the terms of a recommended all-share merger of Costain and May
Gurney (the &"Merger&"). The Merger is to be effected by means of a
Court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006
pursuant to which May Gurney Shareholders will receive 0.8275 New Costain
Ordinary Shares for every Scheme Share held (the &"Scheme&"). In addition, May
Gurney has declared a second interim dividend of 5.6 pence per May Gurney Share
in lieu of a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2013 This dividend,
which will be conditional upon the Merger becoming Effective, will be paid after
the Effective Date to May Gurney Shareholders on the register of members at the
Scheme Record Time.

   The Board of May Gurney is pleased to announce that the Court has approved
the publication and posting of the circular to May Gurney Shareholders relating
to the Scheme (the &"Scheme Document&"). The Scheme Document sets out, amongst
other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme, an explanatory
statement pursuant to section 897 of the Companies Act 2006, a timetable of
principal events and details of the action to be taken by May Gurney
Shareholders.

   As described in the Scheme Document, to become Effective, the Scheme will
require the approval of May Gurney Shareholders at the Court Meeting and the
passing of a special resolution at the General Meeting. The Court Meeting and
the General Meeting are scheduled to be held at the offices of Eversheds LLP,
One Wood Street, London, EC2V 7WS on 7 May 2013, with the Court Meeting to
commence at 10.00 a.m. and the General Meeting to commence at 10.15 a.m. (or as
soon thereafter as the Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned). Notices of the
Court Meeting and the General Meeting are set out in the Scheme Document.

   The Scheme Document and the Forms of Proxy for use by May Gurney Shareholders
at the Court Meeting and the General Meeting will be posted to May Gurney
Shareholders today and will also be available for inspection (i) at the offices
of Eversheds LLP, One Wood Street, London, EC2V 7WS and (ii) subject to certain
restrictions, on the May Gurney website (www.maygurney.co.uk) and the Costain
website (, www.costain.com), in each case, up to and including the Effective
Date.

   Subject to the requisite approval of May Gurney Shareholders at the Court
Meeting and the General Meeting, the sanction of the Scheme and the confirmation
of the Capital Reduction by the Court at the Scheme Sanction Hearing and
Reduction Capital Hearing, respectively, and the delivery of office copies of
the Court Orders and the Statement of Capital to the Registrar of Companies and,
if so ordered by the Court, the Capital Reduction being registered by the
Registrar of Companies and the satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions
set out in the Scheme Document, the Scheme is expected to become Effective on or
around 6 June 2013

   Source: London Stock Exchange

NET TANGIBLE ASSET

   May Gurney Integrated Services today announced an interim dividend of GBX2.79
per share. The ex dividend date is December 07, 2011 and it is payable on
January 06, 2012

DIVIDEND

   May Gurney Integrated Services today announced a final dividend of GBX5.63
per share. The ex dividend date is June 20, 2012 and it is payable on July 31,
2012

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

May Gurney Integrated Services plc

   ('May Gurney' or the 'Company')

   Trading update and Board changes

   Trading Update

   The Board of May Gurney, the support services group, is today providing a
trading update.

   As we stated in March and July, the Group has faced some serious operational
issues within two long-term MaGos contracts and the planned run-down of our
Facility Services division. These factors, combined with the on-going
difficulties within our Scottish Utilities business, have led the Board to the
conclusion that the Group will significantly under-perform its original
expectations for the current year. However, the adverse impact of the run-down
of our Facilities Services division, in respect of which the Board has today
decided to provide a one-off exceptional charge in the order of Pound10 million
at the year end, relates to discontinued activities.

   MaGos

   Despite delivering a quality service to our clients, targeted margins have,
as previously highlighted, not been achieved. We are taking stringent actions to
drive operational efficiencies and profitability. We are in very close dialogue
with our clients to bring these contracts back into line and will provide a
fuller update at the year end. These contracts represent 3% of historic revenues
p.a. and are spread over terms of 7-14 years.

   The other contracts within Environmental Services are performing in line with
expectations.

   Facility Services

   In March we announced that we planned to run-down the Facility Services
business. This process is continuing but significant exiting costs are now
anticipated to be incurred. We now expect to make a final closure provision in
the order of Pound10 million this year.

   Scottish Utilities

   The utilities business in Scotland has continued to face challenges. In
particular, Scotia Gas Networks "SGN" has indicated that it plans to reduce its
outsourcing, in line with its submission to the Regulator. Accordingly we have
taken the prudent action of reducing our related revenue forecasts. The Board
will undertake an impairment provision of the carrying value of the goodwill
related to the relevant businesses at the end of the year.

   Board Changes

   Mr Philip Fellowes-Prynne will, by mutual consent, leave the Company with
immediate effect. Mr Willie MacDiarmid, who is currently a non-executive
director of the Group, will take on the role of Chief Executive Officer on an
interim basis. Willie has significant operational experience and expertise from
within the UK regulated and energy sector markets whilst working for the FTSE100
group Scottish Power, which had a Pound3.4 billion turnover and employed 6,000;
and the former FTSE 250 green energy services company EAGA, which employed 5,000
people.

   Underlying Performance & Order Book

   The underlying performance of the rest of the business is sound, in line with
previous announcements, and we are continuing to actively bid for new business
on a disciplined basis.

   Momentum has been maintained as regards the order book of Pound1.5 billion.
In addition Pound86 million of new work as well as Pound50 million of contract
extensions have been won since year-end, which gives the Group good forward
visibility of revenues.

   TransLinc

   The acquisition of the market leader TransLinc, which delivered a portfolio
of highly complementary fleet management and passenger services to penetrate the
Pound730 million per annum local authority specialist fleet services and Pound3
billion local authority passenger services markets, is on track to deliver the
earnings enhancement cited at the time of its acquisition in November 2011

   Commenting on the update, Baroness Ford, Chairman said:

   "In taking this action today, the Board has moved swiftly to deal with the
specific operational problems that have emerged over the last few months. We are
fortunate to have secured the services of Willie MacDiarmid to lead the business
on an interim basis. His depth of operational experience will be invaluable over
the next period as we move to secure a permanent CEO."

   Source: London Stock Exchange

COMPANY RELEASE

   [Company Release] We have launched 'May Gurney Insight' a TV and online
YouTube TV channel showing vodcasts of our teams at work filmed in superhero
comic book style.

   Over the next eight weeks, a series of videos themed around 'Invisible
Heroes' will be uploaded onto the YouTube channel
(http://www.youtube.com/maygurneyinsight), highlighting the work done by our
highways, recycling, beach and street cleaning and parks and gardens teams.

   The vodcasts are filmed in a comic book style, showing the teams as the
unsung heroes that keep towns and communities running smoothly through the work
they do.

   We developed the YouTube channel to highlight the importance of support
services, infrastructure and maintenance teams and to build greater
understanding among the public of the importance of the work done by them and
the passion the teams bring to their roles.

   Andrew Slater, Marketing and Communications Director, May Gurney stated: "Our
teams operate at the heart of the communities they serve and we hope these
videos will demonstrate the importance of the work they do.

   "While filmed in a light-hearted cartoon style, the videos do carry a serious
message in this time of Government spending cuts. While the work done by
highways, recycling and refuse, parks and street cleaning teams may not be front
of mind for most people, the reality is that this work is critical to the smooth
operation of cities, towns and villages across the UK."

   Source: Company Website

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013


                              759 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Rs 28b being spent on 1,327 schemes in DG Khan,Rajanpur

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 339

LENGTH: 433  words


Commissioner Mohammad Yasrab said on Thursday that a huge sum of Rs 28 billion
was being spent on 1,327 development schemes to build roads, buildings and
upgrade irrigation and electricity infrastructure in DG Khan and Rajanpur
districts.

Presiding over a meeting here, he said the process for approval of new
development schemes for the next fiscal year for DG Khan division was in final
stages.

The commissioner said most of buildings completed so far could not be utilised
due to absence of electricity supply while lack of electricity meters and
transformers was a hurdle in provision of basic facilities at schools.

The commissioner asked Wapda officials to ensure installation of electricity
meters and transformers at all the public welfare schemes.

The officials informed commissioner that a sum of Rs 1.144 billion was being
spent on four on-going and two new schemes in Dera Ghazi Khan under Chief
Minister's directive while another Rs 700 million on two on-going and one new
scheme in Rajanpur.

Exactly 37 irrigation schemes in DG Khan division would cost Rs 9.37 billion.
Moreover, 39 provincial highway schemes in DG Khan and Rajanpur would cost Rs
6.23 billion and 72 per cent of work has been completed so far.

A sum of Rs 124.3 million was being spent on fourteen development schemes of DG
Khan district government which included eleven road schemes, two school
education schemes and one irrigation scheme.

A sum of Rs 400 million was being spent on fresh construction of 170 dilapidated
schools' buildings which were declared dangerous in 2015-16.

Exactly 211 schemes of provision of basic facilities at schools have been
completed out of total 235 under a Rs 229 million initiative.

A sum of Rs 384.5 million was being spent on reconstruction of 102 dangerous
school buildings in the on-going fiscal year while another Rs 207.7 million were
being spent on 202 schemes for provision of basic facilities at schools.

In district Rajanpur, a sum of Rs 364.7 million was being spent on 274 school
schemes. Under Millennium Development Goals initiative, a sum of Rs 372 million
was being spent on 436 schemes and 161 of them have been completed.

Under ADP-2016-17, a sum of Rs 9.64 billion was being spent on 22 buildings
department schemes, 13 highway schemes, eleven public health engineering schemes
, and nine irrigation schemes.

Additional commissioner coordination Azfar Zia, assistant director planning Anum
Hafeez, superintending engineers Javed Bashir, Sheikh Fazal Karim, Shafaqat
Hussain, assistant director finance Waseem Akhtar Jatoi, Shahzad Qadeer and
other officials were also present.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Rs 28b being spent on 1,327 schemes in DG Khan,Rajanpur

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: New York



 DG KHAN: Commissioner Muhammad
 Yasrab said on Thursday that a huge sum of Rs 28 billion
 was being spent on 1,327 development schemes to build roads,
 buildings and upgrade irrigation and electricity infrastructure
 in DG Khan and Rajanpur districts.


      Presiding over a meeting here, he said the process for
 approval of new development schemes for the next fiscal year for
 DG Khan division was in final stages.
      The commissioner said most of buildings completed so
 far could not be utilised due to absence of electricity supply
 while lack of electricity meters and transformers was a hurdle in
 provision of basic facilities at schools.
      The commissioner asked Wapda officials to ensure installation of
 electricity meters and transformers at all the public welfare
 schemes.
      The officials informed commissioner that a sum of Rs 1.144
 billion was being spent on four on-going and two new schemes in
 Dera Ghazi Khan under Chief Minister's directive while another Rs
 700 million on two on-going and one new scheme in Rajanpur.
      Exactly 37 irrigation schemes in DG Khan division would cost
 Rs 9.37 billion. Moreover, 39 provincial highway schemes in DG
 Khan and Rajanpur would cost Rs 6.23 billion and 72 per cent of
 work has been completed so far.
      A sum of Rs 124.3 million was being spent on fourteen
 development schemes of DG Khan district government which included
 eleven road schemes, two school education schemes and one
 irrigation scheme.
      A sum of Rs 400 million was being spent on fresh
 construction of 170 dilapidated schools' buildings which were
 declared dangerous in 2015-16.
      Exactly 211 schemes of provision of basic facilities at
 schools have been completed out of total 235 under a Rs 229
 million initiative.
      A sum of Rs 384.5 million was being spent on reconstruction
 of 102 dangerous school buildings in the on-going fiscal year
 while another Rs 207.7 million were being spent on 202 schemes
 for provision of basic facilities at schools.
      In district Rajanpur, a sum of Rs 364.7 million was being
 spent on 274 school schemes. Under Millennium Development Goals
 initiative, a sum of Rs 372 million was being spent on 436
 schemes and 161 of them have been completed.
      Under ADP-2016-17, a sum of Rs 9.64 billion was being spent
 on 22 buildings department schemes, 13 highway schemes, eleven
 public health engineering schemes, and nine irrigation schemes.
      Additional commissioner coordination Azfar Zia, assistant
 director planning Anum Hafeez, superintending engineers Javed
 Bashir, Sheikh Fazal Karim, Shafaqat Hussain, assistant director
 finance Waseem Akhtar Jatoi, Shahzad Qadeer and other officials
 were also present.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Marred by corruption, poor implementation, Centre sponsored schemes under
scanner in JK

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Nov. 28 -- After receiving complaints about misuse of various
centrally sponsored schemes, the union government has asked the Rural
Development Department and Social Welfare Department in J&K to hold fresh
verification of beneficiaries, who get benefit under various schemes.

Official sources told early TIMES that the union government has received
complaints about misuse of central sponsored schemes in J&K. They said the
authorities of Rural Development Department have been asked to hold
re-verification of job cards so that deserving ones get benefit and ensure
proper implementation of these schemes.

Under MGNREGA, central government was providing Rs 900 crore per annum to J&K
but the benefit of the scheme according to sources had not reached to the target
segment due to rampant corruption and lack of checks in implementation of the
scheme.

It has been learnt that central government has withheld funds in some schemes
after it was found that there had been no checks in their implementation. "The
union government has expressed concern over misusing of schemes in the state and
the department has been told to give details about fund utilization," an
official said.

Sources said there were also complaints about the fund embezzlements in Indira
AwasYogana, PMGSY Swachh - Bharat-Abhiyan, schemes which are also meant for
up-liftment of rural masses.

The government according to sources is going to set up a monitoring body at the
Civil Secretariat to supervise these schemes.

The monitoring body will also ensure speeding up of execution of various schemes
on which work has been going over the years.

Government according to sources is going to start the online system where status
of applicants would be updated to bring transparency in implementation of
schemes.

A senior official said there will be complete transparency in implementation of
schemes so that deserving ones get benefitted and there is proper utilization of
funds. "The verification of beneficiaries of various schemes is the continuous
process. Wherever we find that undeserving ones are getting undue benefits, we
take immediate action," he said.

He said the department will take few other measures for proper implementation of
schemes.

In Social Welfare Department, the central government has withheld funds after
reports of misuse of schemes meant for poor people of the state.

Sources said around 20 lakh people of the state get benefit under different
social welfare schemes. Further, around one lakh people have registered their
names under NSAP and NFBC schemes for which the state would require over Rs 80
crore. "But there is lack of transparency as we don't know whether all these
beneficiaries' are the deserving ones for these schemes," an official of Social
Welfare Department said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Ensuring the quality and safety of NI food

LENGTH: 871  words


The attractive and nutritious food products that have been available in this,
Northern Ireland's year of Food and Drink, have certainly caught the attention
of consumers but ensuring that their production is safe and environmental and
animal welfare friendly is a vital element of the marketing mix.

NIFCC (NI Food Chain Certification) an accredited certification body has just
celebrated 15 years of providing product certification schemes to the NI
agri-food industry. In many instances purchasers have paid financial incentives
for these certified and assured products.

Outlining some of the successes and developments at the 15th annual general
meeting, chairman, Harry Sinclair mentioned the British Retail Consortium
training schemes for the food processing sector, 654 new members in the Red
Tractor Dairy Scheme and 365 new members in the NI Beef and Lamb scheme. Further
business development plans include investment in IT systems and a pilot project
using hand held data recording devices to enhance the efficiency of inspections.

Further business opportunities have also been identified in auditing and
certification services for the British Retail Consortium Storage and
Distribution Standard and the Agents and Brokers Standard.

Harry added: "All of this has been achieved in spite of the devastating fire at
Lissue House  last June which destroyed NIFCC's offices and resulted in a
temporary relocation to office space generously provided by CAFRE. Our thanks to
CAFRE for the accommodation provided at Greenmount Campus."

Referring to each individual sector the chairman reported:

Northern Ireland Beef and Lamb Scheme

During the year, a total of 8,847 inspections were completed made up of 728
initial, 7,436 surveillance, 644 spot-check and 39 re-inspections.  The number
of Approved Producers in FQAS at the year end was 11,965, which was a year on
year increase of 365 members.

Farm Quality Assured Cereals Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Northern Ireland Farm Quality Assured
Cereals Scheme since 2006.  During the year, NIFCC completed 680 cereals scheme
inspections made up of 223 Cereals only' inspections and 457 combined Cereals
and Beef and Lamb inspections.  Membership of the cereals quality assurance
scheme currently stands at 966.

Red Tractor Assurance Livestock Transport and Livestock Market Schemes

NIFCC has been administering the Red Tractor Livestock Transport and Livestock
Market schemes since 2006 and 2007 respectively.  During the year, 74 transport
scheme inspections and 27 market scheme inspections were completed.  Currently
there are 64 assured livestock hauliers and 25 assured markets and collection
centres registered with NIFCC.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Poultry Scheme

NIFCC has also been administering the Red Tractor Poultry Scheme since 2008.
631 Poultry Scheme inspections were completed during the year and there are
currently 583 approved producers in the Red Tractor Poultry scheme.

Red Tractor Farm Assurance Dairy Scheme

NIFCC has been providing inspection and certification to the Red Tractor Dairy
Scheme since 2009.  1,333 Dairy Scheme inspections were completed during the
year, made up of 227 Dairy only' inspections and 1,106 combined Dairy and Beef
and Lamb inspections.  The number of Approved Producers in the Red Tractor Dairy
Scheme at the year end was 1,458, which was a year on year increase of 654
members.  This increase in membership was driven by the introduction, by several
milk processors, of financial incentives for assured milk and the Directors are
pleased to report that they had both the reserves and flexibility to respond to
the increase in membership applications.

British Retail Consortium (BRC) and Red Tractor Meat Processing Schemes

NIFCC has also been providing inspection and certification services to the food
processing sector since 2009. During the year, 54 BRC Food, 11 BRC Storage and
Distribution and 11 Red Tractor Meat Processing inspections were completed.
They are also continuing to provide training to industry to the BRC Standards.
During the year, they delivered six training courses to 40 individuals,
including their own auditing and certification staff.

Trade Assurance Scheme for Combinable Crops

NIFCC have also been providing audits for the Trade Assurance Scheme for
Combinable Crops (TASCC) since 2010.  During the year, 14 grain stores and 74
hauliers were inspected, both in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.

Business development

The main focus of business development continues to be the investment in the IT
system, known as Live Q.  During the past year, the main area of focus has been
the development of a documentary evidence review system to further enhance the
efficiency of the certification process.  Further developments of Live Q, during
the current year, will include a pilot project to assess the feasibility of
using hand-held data recording devices to further enhance the efficiency of the
inspection process.

The focus of the business development in the food processing sector will be to
continue to promote the auditing and certification services for the BRC Storage
and Distribution Standard and also the BRC Agents and Brokers Standard, both of
which are potential growth areas.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

How Trinamool Congress hopes to use Mamata government's welfare programmes to
return to power in West Bengal

BYLINE: Sutanuka Ghosal

SECTION: POLITICS AND NATION

LENGTH: 947 words


Sixteen-year-old Najmun Nahar Khatun of Arijullapur Siddiqia High Madrasah would
have been married by now. Her parents had almost fixed her marriage when she
heard about a government scheme that offered financial aid to girl students aged
12-18 to continue with their studies, provided they are unmarried.

"The moment I came to know about the scheme, I rushed to the school with my
parents to get details of it. This was in 2014. And, subsequently, I got the
money and I could avoid marriage. Today I dream to become a doctor," she said.
Najmun, daughter of a fisherman in Deganga village, about 45 kms from downtown
Kolkata, will appear for her class 10 board exam next year.

The Kanyashree programme in West Bengal that offers a monthly scholarship of Rs
750 to girl students from financially weak families is one of the flagship
schemes of the Mamata Banerjee government that her Trinamool Congress believes
will boost its chances in the April-May assembly elections.

Another is the Khadya Sathi scheme to supply rice and wheat at Rs 2 a kg. This
is implemented under the central government's Antyodaya Anna Yojana, but with
the state further subsidising the grains that otherwise would have cost Rs 3 a
kg.

Trinamool Congress leaders said they will highlight these welfare schemes of its
government in the upcoming elections. The CPI-M and BJP, however, don't give the
credit for the programmes to Banerjee. While the opposition accuses the chief
minister and her party of trying to project central programmes as their own,
their leaders mostly acknowledge the benefits of the schemes.

As on February 29, as many as 31.42 lakh girl students have been enrolled under
the Kanyashree scheme, with Burdwan , Murshidabad, Nadia, North and South 24
Parganas being the best performing among the state's 20 districts.

Abu Taher Md Mustafa, nodal officer for the Kanyashree scheme in the madrasah
where Najmun is studying, said the scheme is helping reduce dropouts among girl
students.

While earlier nearly 70-80 girls used to leave school half way per year, the
number has now dwindled to 10-15. "We are now trying to bring down the number to
zero through awareness programmes," Mustafa said. The madrasah has 1,030 girl
students.

Some 72km from Deganga in Hooghly's Sahaganj, 64-year-old BN Choubey is a
beneficiary of the Khadya Sathi scheme to provide subsidised rice and wheat.
Each family gets 15 kg rice and 20 kg wheat a month under this scheme, which is
aimed at providing food to 7.49 crore people, or almost 80% of the state's
population.

"We have launched this scheme two months back and we have already reached most
of the households by now," said state food and supplies minister Jyotipriyo
Mullick.

Mullick said Bengal has tweaked the central programme to make the grains
cheaper.

"We have provided a subsidy of Rs 919 crore in fiscal 2016 for the Khadya Sathi
scheme. We have already procured 24.22 lakh tonnes of paddy, which will give us
16 lakh tonnes of rice, and bought 7 lakh tonnes of wheat," he said.

While Khadya Sathi is a more recent programme, Kanyashree was launched on
October 1, 2013. The purpose of the scheme, which has been applauded by UNICEF
and UK's Department for International Development, is to ensure the education of
girls and thereby preventing child marriage. The scheme is open to students from
families with income of less than Rs 10,000 a month.

Along with the monthly aid, the girls get a one-time grant of Rs 25,000 when
they turn 18 to pursue higher studies. The state had initially allocated Rs
1,000 crore for the programme, which has now gone up to Rs 1,318 crore in the
vote-of-account passed recently in the assembly. The students who avail of the
scheme are given a unique ID number.

"Apart from helping imparting education to the girl child, Kanyashree has been
able to control trafficking of young girls from Bengal," said Bengal's minister
for women and child and social welfare, Shashi Panja.

Woman rights activist Saswati Ghosh said the scheme has created a sense of
aspiration among young girls. "Opening of a bank account, handling the money and
continue her education without family's financial help have created a sense of
confidence among them. There may be some aberrations here and there but overall
the scheme appears to be encouraging," she said.

While Banerjee used her mass movement in Singur and Nandigram as poll plank to
come to power in 2011, this time these two schemes - Kanyashree Khadya Sathi -
will likely become the centre of her election campaign, said political
observers.

"We will definitely use Kanyashree scheme as well Khadya Sathi scheme to reach
out to rural Bengal in the upcoming assembly elections," a Trinamool leader
said. "Both are unique schemes designed by Didi."

The CPI-M and BJP rubbished Trinamool's claim. Samik Lahiri, a former CPI-M MP,
said during the Left Front rule in the state, there were many such schemes to
help SC, ST, minority and poor students. "Didi is actually diverting the central
funds in Kanyashree and other such schemes and trying to gain publicity. We will
fight Didi's claim during election campaigns," Lahiri said.

BJP leader Jaiprakash Majumdar echoed the same. "We are not against woman
empowerment.

But Didi should have the minimum courtesy to give the credit to the central
government, whose funds she is using for the scheme," he said.

And, if the scheme was so effective, then how come Bengal tops the list in girl
trafficking, asked Majumdar. "This simply means that the scheme's money is not
reaching the right beneficiary."

To know the political impact of the schemes, one has to now wait until May 19,
the day set for counting of votes.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

'Minority scholarships must be demand-driven'

BYLINE: Syed Amin Jafri

SECTION: HYDERABAD

LENGTH: 861 words


The parliamentary standing committee on social justice and empowerment has
reiterated its recommendation for making the central pre-matric, post-matric and
merit-cum-means scholarships for minorities demand-driven. The standing
committee, in its 23rd report tabled in the parliament on 22nd December on
action taken on its recommendations on demands for grants of ministry of
minority affairs (MoMA) for 2015-16, regretted that the union government had not
accepted its earlier recommendation in this regard.

The committee noted that from 2014-15, pre-matric and post-matric scholarship
schemes became central sector schemes with 100 percent central funding and
implemented through the state governments union territory administrations. MoMA
disbursed Rs 1129.27 crore for pre-matric scholarships to 74.97 lakh students
and Rs 501.28 crore for post-matric scholarships to 9.06 lakh students during
2014-15. The budgetary provision was Rs 1,130 crore for pre-matric scholarships
and Rs 598.50 crore for postmatric scholarships.

The committee was informed that though large number of applications are received
for both preand postmatric scholarships but all of them are not sanctioned
because these schemes are budget-based schemes and not demand-driven ones. The
panel noted that the scholarship schemes are important flagship schemes for
minority students. These schemes are very popular and in demand by minority
students as these not only directly affect their future but also empower them
educationally and financially .

For this reason, the committee had earlier recommended that both these schemes
should be made demand-driven and applications should not be rejected due to
paucity of funds budget.

The committee had also desired that the MoMA take up the matter with the
ministry of finance for augmentation of the funds under these schemes, if need
be. Further, as less expenditure was incurred in northeastern states under these
schemes due to less number of applications received, the committee emphasized
the need to sensitive the NE states and their minority students to avail the
immense benefits of these schemes.

The committee expressed its unhappiness that the MoMA, in the action taken reply
, repeated its stand that the scholarship schemes for minorities have not been
approved as demand-based programmes but are budget-based and, therefore, there
is very little option for the Ministry to meet the requirements of all
applicants.

Since both the schemes are playing important role in motivating minority
students for education, the committee once again reiterated that these schemes
should be made demand-driven and the ministry of finance should augment the
allocations for these schemes. Apart from pre-and post-matric scholarship
schemes, the MoMA is also implementing the merit-cum-means scholarship scheme,
as a central sector scheme with 100 percent central funding, through the state
governments and union territory administrations. As many as 85 institutes for
professional and technical courses have been listed for the scheme. The MoMA had
released Rs 381.27 crore to 1.38 lakh students under MCM as against the
budgetary allocation of Rs 350 crore. While appreciating the overall performance
of MCM scheme, he committee noted that though 30 percent of these scholarships
are earmarked for girl students, large number of scholarships were awarded to
boy students as sufficient number of eligible girl students were not availab e
in 13 states and UTs in the last financial year.

The committee felt that education of girl students is as important as educating
the boys and hence, MoMA should motivate these states to encourage he girl
students to apply for scholarships and avail their full quota of 30 percent
allocated to them. The MoMA, however, informed that in the last three years, the
percentage of minority girls under MCM scheme had remained above 30 percent,
i.e. 35.23 percent in 2012-13, 39.16 percent in 2013-14 and 32.97 percent in
2014-15. The MoMA also posted the gender-wise beneficiaries data for all the
scholarship schemes on its website. In all, as many as 85.41 lakh pre-matric,
post-matric and merit-cum-means scholarships were awarded to minority students
during 2014-15 and total amount of Rs 2,011.93 crore was disbursed to them.

30 percent of all these scholarships are earmarked for girls but the actual
number of girl beneficiaries was more than 46 percent. All these scholarships
are online and operationalised on National Scholarship Portal (NSP) from July
2015. Direct benefit transfer (DBT) for transfer of scholarships in students'
bank accounts has been operationalised. Wherever available, bank accounts are
being linked with aadhar. Bank accounts opened under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan
Yojana are also being used from 201516 financial year for transfer of prematric
scholarship. In the current year (2015-16), MoMA has set target for sanctioning
one lakh merit-cum-means scholarships, 9 lakh post-matric scholarships and 75
lakh pre-matric scholarships to minority students for which allocations totaling
Rs 1,955.20 crore have been made.

(The author is an MLC and a journalist)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Expert calls for council to unify health systems 'central forum needed to keep
three bodies

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 844 words


in step to drive the healthcare sector'

Chularat Saengpassa

The Nation

A leading health economist is pushing for the establishment of the National
Health Security Council (NHSC) to facilitate co-operation between, not to merge,
the country's three major healthcare systems.

"We need such a council to create an effective forum for talks so that those
involved can drive the country's healthcare sector forward," said Prof Ammar
Siamwalla, an academic at the Thailand Research Development Institute and also
chairman of the prime minister-appointed coordination committee for health
security.

In an exclusive interview with The Nation, he said the NHSC should be chaired by
the prime minister and staffed by the public health minister, labour minister,
finance minister and representatives from various agencies.

"With the NHSC, those in charge of managing the three schemes won't just form a
loose collaboration. They will make decisions together to ensure the
sustainability of the country's healthcare sector," the economist said.

The country's three main healthcare systems are: the universal coverage
healthcare scheme, which covers about 48 million people; the social security
scheme, which covers about 10 million people; and the health-benefit scheme for
civil servants and their family members.

These three schemes offer different coverage of medical benefits, with the
scheme for civil servants and their family members offering the best coverage.
The scheme for civil servants also costs more per-head than the other two.

"But I can assure you that the NHSO will neither push for the merger nor try to
control these schemes," he said.

In recent years, several critics have lamented the different standards among the
three schemes. Yet, many others have strongly opposed the idea of merging the
schemes. Many civil servants, for example, are worried that their medical
benefits will shrink if such a merger takes place. Some civil servants, after
all, have stayed in the public sector because their health welfare and medical
benefits are better than those offered in the private sector, even if their
salaries are lower.

Many observers believe the social-security scheme has the fewest benefits. Even
though the scheme's members have to pay monthly contributions to get themselves
covered, they seem to enjoy fewer benefits than those exercising their right to
free medical treatment under the universal coverage healthcare scheme.

While Ammar claims the NHSC shall not merge the three existing schemes, he has
made it clear that it would strive to reduce the gaps in benefits.

"It's necessary that we reduce the gaps. I've heard that some people don't want
to work because they will lose their right to free medical services as soon as
they become officially employed," Ammar said.

Thai law requires the gainfully employed to join the social security scheme and
pay monthly contributions. The universal coverage healthcare scheme, meanwhile,
covers all those who are not covered by either the social security scheme or the
medical benefits associated with civil servants.

Middle-class members who are not happy with either the social security scheme or
the universal coverage healthcare scheme usually opt for expensive doctors at
private hospitals and pay their own fees.

While this practice reduces overcrowding at medical facilities and eases the
budget constraints of the schemes, Ammar said it would backfire on the country's
healthcare sector in the long run.

"When private hospitals attract a lot #124of paying patients, they can offer
higher pay to medical workers. Then, doctors #124and nurses at state hospitals
will demand higher pay when they see how much their peers in the private sector
can earn. #124That means the government will have to shoulder higher costs in
the end," Ammar said.

He said both the universal healthcare scheme and the social security scheme will
have to bring their disgruntled members back to their services.

The NHSC is part of the National Security Bill that several experts, including
Ammar, have been trying to push ahead. He said everyone should understand that
existing mechanisms cannot really bring agencies in charge of managing the three
major healthcare schemes on the same board for crucial decisions.

"That's why we need the NHSC," he said.

While the NHSC would not provide instant solution to all of the country's
healthcare problems, he said, it would pave the way for fruitful discussions
that could lead to real action.

Ammar believes that medical schools' hospitals and major hospitals should focus
on providing tertiary care or treat complicated diseases for patients
transferred from primary or secondary medical facilities.

"We also should try to engage more private hospitals in the delivery of
healthcare services via the universal coverage healthcare scheme," he said.

Ammar gave an exclusive interview to The Nation ahead of the First National
Conference on Thai Universal Healthcare Coverage (2015): Universal Health
Coverage: achievements, challenges and harmonisation, which will take place on
November 16 and 17.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              June 28, 2015 Sunday

Centrally-sponsored schemes likely to be reduced to 30

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


A sub-committee of the Niti Ayog comprising state chief ministers on Saturday
reached a broad consensus on bringing down the number of centrally sponsored
schemes to 30 from 66. Flagship schemes such as Mahatma Gandhi National Rural
Employment Guarantee Scheme, Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana and the National
Food Security Mission would continue even after the restructuring of schemes
starting 2016-17.

The panel chaired by Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, which
met in the capital, also discussed the devolution of funds to states under the
14th finance commission and is expected to recommend to Prime Minister Narendra
Modi to classify centrally sponsored schemes into core and optional schemes from
which states can choose programmes that suit them best.

The list of optional schemes would include those for social protection and
social inclusion. "There is a broad consensus on reducing the number of CSS and
having two types of schemes," Chouhan told reporters after the meeting of the
sub-group. "Some more suggestions have come. I have formed a committee of Niti
Aayog officials headed by its CEO Sindhushree Khullar. It will deliberate and
prepare the final draft by July 5," said Chouhan. Saturday's meeting was also
attended by chief ministers of Rajasthan, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and Nagaland.
The panel had last met in Bhopal on May 28.

In each of the identified core schemes, the Centre will have an umbrella
programme with many components and a uniform funding pattern to suit states'
requirement. Central funding for core schemes for general category states would
be 60% of the requirement, while the same for optional schemes would be 50%.

For special category states, Central funding for core schemes would be 90%,
while the same for optional schemes would be 80%. There is also a proposal that
for all projects under the centrally sponsored schemes, in which 30% of the work
has been completed, funding should be continued.

States are also likely to recommend that schemes for poverty elimination,
drinking water, Swachh Bharat, rural electrification and women and child health
nutrition should receive priority.

The Modi government had reduced the number of centrally sponsored schemes to 66
from 126 earlier and raised states' share in the divisible pool of Centre's tax
revenue to 42% from 32% while retaining the aggregate transfers to states from
its gross revenue receipts at 49.4%.

Many states, however, expressed concern about the reduction in union
government's support towards centrally sponsored schemes, which were locally
relevant and too politically sensitive to be scaled down. Kerala chief minister
Oommen Chandy, recently told FE that his state does not favour scaling down the
anganvaadi scheme and the welfare scheme meant for mentally challenged people in
line with the reduced central support. Security along the coast in view of the
Mumbai terror attack is another area where the state wants central support.

For Updates Check Economy News
(http://www.financialexpress.com/section/economy/); follow us on Facebook
(http://www.facebook.com/thefinancialexpress) and Twitter
(http://twitter.com/financialxpress)

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    December 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Interim Scheme to Extend Home Ownership Scheme Secondary Market to White Form
Buyers

LENGTH: 1247  words


Dec. 17 -- Hong Kong SAR Government released text of the following statement:

Following is a question by the Hon Andrew Leung and a reply by the Secretary for
Transport and Housing, Professor Anthony Cheung Bing-leung, in the Legislative
Council today (December 17):

Question:

In 2013, the Government introduced the "Interim Scheme to Extend the Home
Ownership Scheme Secondary Market to White Form Buyers" ("the Interim Scheme")
with a quota of 5 000 for persons meeting the eligibility criteria for the Home
Ownership Scheme (HOS) White Form applicants to purchase second-hand HOS flats
without payment of land premium. In this connection, will the Government inform
this Council:

(1) of the respective numbers of persons aged 35 or below among the Interim
Scheme applicants, the persons who were issued Certificates of Eligibility to
Purchase and those who have purchased second-hand HOS flats under the Scheme;

(2) whether it has studied the changes in the prices of HOS flats since the
introduction of the Interim Scheme, and how this situation compares with the
relevant situation in the private housing market; if there are differences
between the two, of the reasons for that; and

(3) of the authorities' measures, apart from the new round of Interim Scheme to
be rolled out in the middle of next year, to assist members of the public aged
35 or below who aspire, and have the ability, to purchase second-hand HOS flats
in buying their own homes?

Reply:

President,

There are two categories of eligible applicants under the Home Ownership Scheme
(HOS), namely "Green Form" (GF) and "White Form" (WF) applicants. GF applicants
include Public Rental Housing (PRH) tenants and PRH applicants who have passed
the detailed eligibility vetting and are due for flat allocation in about a
year's time. WF applicants do not satisfy the requirement for GF status but meet
the eligibility criteria set by the Hong Kong Housing Authority (HA). For
example, for the pre-sale of newly built HOS flats in end-2014, the income and
asset limits for family applicants are $46,000 and $1,010,000 respectively.

To address the home ownership aspirations of WF applicants and to implement the
Chief Executive's election manifesto, after discussion, the HA launched the
Interim Scheme to Extend the HOS Secondary Market to White Form Buyers (Interim
Scheme) in January 2013 to allow 5 000 WF applicants to purchase flats without
premium paid in the HOS Secondary Market. The Interim Scheme provides WF
applicants with an additional channel previously not available to them to have
the opportunity to purchase subsidised sale flats before newly built HOS flats
are released onto the market. The Secondary Market covers flats with premium not
yet paid under the HOS, the Tenant Purchase Scheme, and the Flat-for-Sale Scheme
of the Hong Kong Housing Society (HKHS). Currently, there are a total of about
380 000 such flats with premium not yet paid.

When the Interim Scheme was first launched in January 2013, the HA received
around 66 000 applications. The HA issued 5 000 Approval Letters in two batches.
Of these, 3 983 holders of Approval Letters applied for the Certificates of
Eligibility to Purchase from the HA, the HKHS, or both. As at the third quarter
of this year (i.e. end September), a total of 2 161 applicants have achieved
home ownership through the Interim Scheme. We have not kept breakdown of
prospective buyers or buyers under the Interim Scheme by their ages, therefore
we are not able to provide the related information. As far as we know, among the
applicants who have completed transactions, 218 were one-person applicants while
1 943 were applicants from the family category.

Our observation is that flat prices in the HOS Secondary Market rose relatively
fast initially after the announcement of the Interim Scheme. This may be due to
the fact that some HOS flat owners raised their asking prices in light of the
new purchasing power in the market. However, flat prices have stabilised
afterwards and generally followed the overall trend of flat prices in the
private property market. Overall speaking, from August 2012 (after the
announcement of the Interim Scheme) to June 2014, the cumulative increase in
flat prices recorded in the HOS Secondary Market is higher than that of small
and medium-sized flats in the private property market (with saleable area less
than 100 square metres). However, flat prices are subject to the influence of an
array of factors including the economy, demand-supply and expectations. We
should therefore interpret the figures with care.

The HA's Subsidised Housing Committee (SHC) conducted an initial assessment on
the implementation of the Interim Scheme on November 24, 2014, details of which
have been uploaded onto the HA's website. As mentioned earlier, until now about
2 200 WF applicants have achieved home ownership through the scheme, without
which these persons might have found it difficult to purchase flats in the
private property market. While the Interim Scheme is effective to a certain
extent, with the experience of only one round of the Interim Scheme, the SHC
considered that more empirical information is required to review the full and
exact impact of the Interim Scheme on property prices to enable it to decide on
the future of the scheme.

Given the strong demand for subsidised sale flats nowadays (especially from
persons eligible for WF status), the SHC considered it more prudent to release
one more round of the Interim Scheme with 2 500 quota in the second half of next
year. This can respond to WF applicants' home ownership aspirations on the one
hand, and reduce the quota to a relatively conservative number on the other. A
comprehensive review will be conducted thereafter to decide on the future of the
Interim Scheme. Upon completion of the review, the Government will report the
outcome to the Legislative Council Panel on Housing.

President, housing stands out as one of the most challenging social issues which
Hong Kong is facing. The society as a whole, including the younger generation,
faces a serious supply-demand imbalance in housing. The ultimate solution to
address the supply-demand imbalance must lie in increasing supply continuously
and with sufficient scale. The Government announced the new Long Term Housing
Strategy yesterday. It is the first long term strategic document on housing
since 1998. Learning from past experience, we have made a major policy shift by
adopting a supply-led strategy, with a view to rebuilding the housing ladder and
maintaining a stable private housing market. Through providing newly built
subsidised sale flats and facilitating the circulation of the existing stock, we
hope to help the lower- to middle-income households, including young people and
first-time home buyers, meet their home ownership aspirations.

According to the latest overall housing demand projection, the total housing
supply target for the next ten years (i.e. from 2015-16 to 2024-25) is now set
at 480 000 units, of which 90 000 will be subsidised sale flats. Newly built HOS
flats will be put on sale in phases, with the pre-sale of the first batch of 2
160 flats in end of this year and pre-sale of the second batch expected to be in
mid-2016 (number of flats to be confirmed). The Government will also consider
ways to expand the forms of subsidised home ownership and to leverage on the
private sector's capacity in providing some of the subsidised sale flats.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2014 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                The Cambs Times

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 283 words


Estate agent Alex Doggett says a Government 'help to buy scheme' has failed the
people of Wisbech.

"The scheme continues to leave the Wisbech area out of the loop," said Mr
Doggett, of Aboda Homes.



"Since the scheme's launch in April 2013 - and up to May this year - there have
been only nine homes sold which have used the scheme in the Fenland area, seven
of â ¨which were in the PE16 postcode area of Chatteris.

"That means there were only two other homes sold using the scheme in the
remaining postcode districts of Fenland, being PE15 for March, PE7 for
Whittlesey and PE13 for Wisbech."

South Holland has fared much better with 49 homes sold using the scheme and in
West Norfolk there were 43 people recorded as using the scheme.

Land registry data shows there have been 897 home sales completed from April
2013 to March 2014 in the Wisbech PE13 and PE14 areas.

Mr Doggett said: "This means the maximum percentage of homes that could have
possibly used the scheme in the Wisbech area is less than half a per cent.

"Since starting out, and since the scheme's launch, not one of my buyers has
ever used the scheme to purchase a home in the area.

"Considering the scheme can be used to purchase any home - not just new builds
-- up to £600,000, this shows a massive under use, and â ¨failure, of the scheme
in the â ¨Wisbech area.

"It is either by lack of knowledge of the scheme by local buyers and those
thinking of moving here or the scheme are a white elephant, whereby I mean many
buyers may have applied for the scheme but been declined."

Have you tried buying a home in the area using the scheme? Have you been
declined? â ¨Were you even aware of the scheme at all? â ¨E-mail
john.elworthy@archant.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Gold retailers start winding up installment schemes;
Losing glitter | Plan to reintroduce them after complying with the new Companies
Act which caps returns from such schemes to 12%

BYLINE: Ashish K Tiwari

LENGTH: 730  words


Losing glitter  |  Plan to reintroduce them after complying with the new
Companies Act which caps returns from such schemes to 12%

Mumbai: The 5-lakh odd members of the two 'gold / jewellery purchase schemes'
operated by India's largest jewellery retailer Titan Company Ltd is a
disappointed lot.

This is because the Tata Group company that owns the Tanishq, Zoya and GoldPlus
jewellery brands has decided to wind up its 'Golden Harvest' and 'Swarna Nidhi'
schemes to comply with the government's new Companies Act.

C K Venkataraman, CEO, Titan's jewellery division, told dna that the company
currently has over Rs 1,000 crore of deposits under the two schemes, which
contributed to over 20% in revenues for the jewellery division.

"We sought clarity on the matter from the ministry of corporate affairs on the
subject and were told towards June-end that the schemes in the current form
would qualify as public deposits. Accordingly, we are closing down the schemes
after operating them flawlessly for over a decade now," said Venkataraman. A
refund plan has been kicked off, details of which will be given out by the
respective Tanishq store operators.

While Tanishq has kick-started the refund process already - to be completed
before August 31, 2014, other big and small gold jewellery retail chain
operators like Malabar Gold and Diamonds, PC Jeweller, Goodwin Jewellers,
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, Kalyan Jewellers etc are expected to follow suit
soon. "We will be discontinuing the gold schemes and reintroducing them in a
fortnight or so," said an executive from Malabar Gold.

Given the attractive proposition and a high rate of returns offered by these
gold schemes, practically every jewellery retailer, big and small, was using it
to get customers. However, the practice was also a huge risk for the household /
investor as it was not being regulated by any government body. The new Companies
Act attempts to do just that - safeguard the interest of households while also
laying down criteria for operators of such schemes.

Under the new Act, the maximum returns that retailers operating such schemes can
now offer to deposit holders is 12%. Also, the total deposits have been capped
at 25% of the company's net worth. Thus, to comply with these requirements, all
jewellery retailers offering gold schemes will now have to wind up, refund and
rework the schemes to be able to reintroduce them in the market all over again.
According to Aditya Mathur and Jamshed Dadabhoy, analysts at Citi Research, the
installment schemes had been an effective way for Titan to lock in consumers for
jewellery purchase at its stores.

"Besides easing cash flows to some extent, the substantial up-sell that occurred
made the scheme accretive for the company. Overall deposits on its books were
around Rs 1,300 crore (last year) and sales via this route were around 15-20% of
jewellery sales," Citi Research analysts said in their report on Monday.

The way these schemes worked is that a customer paid equal installments for 11
months, post which the jewellery retailer would contribute one installment.
Thereafter, the customer would buy jewellery worth 12 installments.

"Using such schemes is a typical Indian household's approach to savings for a
purchase of an expensive jewellery. Besides easing the process (of buying
expensive jewellery) these schemes offered attractive rate of returns between
16% and 17%," said Venkataraman. The total deposits schemes, in the case of
Titan, were nearly 45% of the company's net worth. According to Citi Research
analysts, all 'companies' may need to comply with the revised regulations.
"Mixed response thus far - the other listed jeweller, PC Jeweller, has stopped
its 'Jewels for Less' scheme, whereas TBZ continues with Kalpavruksha (but has
closed its gold deposit scheme). TBZ may work with the modified Kalpavruksha
scheme with around 10 installments - as per company management, schemes below
one year aren't treated as deposits," Citi Research analysts said in the report.

Yellow metal hit by NEW ACT

While Tanishq has kick-started the refund process already - to be completed
before August 31, 2014, other big and small gold jewellery retail chain
operators like Malabar Gold and Diamonds, PC Jeweller, Goodwin Jewellers,
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, Kalyan Jewellers etc are expected to follow suit
soon

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Insecurity over Food security scheme

LENGTH: 731 words

DATELINE: IMPHAL


IMPHAL, Aug. 28 -- Once the Rajya Sabha clears the proposal for the UPA
government's latest flagship food security scheme , it will be the world's
biggest program designed to combat hunger. In the midst of rising inflation, the
Government has set its ambition on marking out over Rs.1.25 lakh crore for the
scheme to entitle 67 per cent of India to highly subsidised food. When the Lok
Sabha cleared the Bill, there were as many as 300 calls for amendments but it
sailed through since no political party wanted to be seen as coming in the way
of the scheme.

For all the way the scheme is being pegged by Opposition parties as the UPA's
populist move with an eye on the 2014 elections, they too know that sticking out
their necks and voting down the scheme could be a major impediment on making
themselves popular with the country's voters. As per the provisions of the bill,
beneficiaries would get rice at Rs 3/kg, wheat at Rs 2/kg, and coarse grains at
Rs 1/kg. The said rates would be valid for three years once the scheme turns
into a reality. Every pregnant woman and lactating mother would get free meal
during pregnancy till six months after child birth. They will also get a
maternity benefit of Rs 6,000 in installments. Children up to 14 years would get
free meals. In case of non-supply of food-grains, states will have to pay food
security allowance to beneficiaries. On paper, the scheme is not only populist
but comes across as a pure socialist approach to the citizens of the country for
there can be no denying that a majority of the population in the country make do
without access to food. But India being the country that it is and the manner in
which government schemes are rolled out, it is in the implementation of the
scheme that will mark its effect. It is evident from the current nature of other
socialist government schemes such as the mid may meal schemes or the Integrated
Child Development schemes (ICDS) that the Food Security Scheme too can run into
the same challenges of officials helping themselves to scheme funds or run the
risk of being over run due to lack of inbuilt support systems.

Mid day meal schemes aimed at bringing children to school, combating hunger and
addressing malnourishment issues have been found to be irregular in its
operation and being carried out without any quality control as is evident from
cases of food poisoning being reported from various parts of the country. The
meal scheme did not factor in the costs for food products apart from food grains
while the low amounts marked for staff meant to be involved as cooks for the
meal schemes have mostly led to non teaching school staff doubling over as
cooks. With the ICDS program, one does not have to look further than Manipur
where a majority of creches and anganwadi centers exist on signboards without
children being served at all. Time and again, staff at these centers take to the
streets, fighting hoarse over non-payment of their honorarium for months on end.
Apart from this two, there are various other schemes marked out to address
hunger and aimed at subsidizing food costs but there are various obstacles in
the way for people who are meant to benefit from the schemes. One major barrier
is to posses proof that a beneficiary is entitled to get access to schemes.
Mostly, those who get aid under welfare schemes in the state have to be in the
good books of what are known as 'party workers' to have their names included. In
an ideal world, the identification of those who are eligible for getting benefit
under various welfare schemes of the Government should be done through the
information garnered from the Census reports which also does an intake of the
income and earning levels of households and family members.

The same barriers will be what will impact on the food security scheme
inevitably: that those responsible for the implementation will get in the way of
its effectiveness. Another reality that needs to be factored in is that of the
quality of food grains that will be subsidized for the country's poor and
whether proper infrastructural support for storage of food grains in terms of
transportation and storage facilities will be taken care of.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

BYLINE: John Tuohy

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 981 words


It has been clear for some time that the defined benefit pension model in
Ireland is broken and offers pension promises to members that many schemes
cannot possibly fulfil. And barely a day goes by when we do not hear of yet
another DB scheme telling its members that it will need to reduce benefits or be
wound up and members transferred into a defined contribution arrangement.

I have said repeatedly over the past couple of years that a well-managed and
properly-resourced defined contribution scheme is far more beneficial to people
than a deficit-laden DB scheme which has little prospect of meeting its
liabilities. The fact that as of April 2012 there were more than 16,000 group DC
schemes in operation, covering more than 190,000 employees, is an indication of
the shift towards DC. So if we accept this inexorable shift is taking place,
pressure will intensify to ensure that DC schemes are well-managed and efficient
retirement vehicles. We foresee a paradigm shift and the DC space will look very
different in five years' time from how it looks like today.

As the role of DC schemes becomes more prominent, participants in these schemes
are increasingly likely to ask the question "Who exactly is looking after my
interests?" and employers will need to review the design and management of their
DC schemes to ensure that they can demonstrate clearly that members' investments
are being protected.

While DC schemes have been around for quite a while, the level of assets in them
is set to grow significantly over the next few years. Solutions to the DB
problem may see a portion of their assets shift into DC schemes. In addition,
future contributions (including past service deficit repair contributions) may
also go into the DC scheme. As their assets burgeon, the question for employers
is, do they know how their DC scheme measures up?

Many employers, perhaps fed up with all the time and resources poured into DB,
will want to assume that their existing DC scheme is perfectly adequate.
However, to protect their reputation and their employees' interests, before
increasing contributions any further, employers need to stop, reflect and:

n                     determine the criteria for assessing the effectiveness of
their DC scheme

n                     review their scheme against those criteria
and

n                     consider how best to address any weaknesses identified.

It is likely that the vast majority of employers have in the past simply focused
on the need to have a DC scheme. The selection of the provider(s) would likely
have been based on brand, price and convenience                              ,
favouring perhaps a single provider with the ability to take care of everything
from administration, through handling member queries, through managing the
investments.

The net result, however, has generally led to a situation where a DC scheme
compares poorly with a typical DB one in terms of
costs being                               too high,

contributions                               too low, and
a default fund which is poorly managed.

In the future, governance is likely to come under increased scrutiny. This is
already happening in the UK, where the Pensions Regulator has highlighted that
the changing DC environment places

" . . .                               an increased emphasis on the strength of
governance and stewardship, particularly around the design of investment
options, investment management and scheme administration, and the need for
better standards in DC".

The introduction of auto enrolment in the UK has pushed forward thinking on DC
in that market and, as such, it is a useful reference point for Irish employers
seeking to get a glimpse of how DC scheme management might evolve. While the
detail here will probably be different, for employers the high level message is
likely to be the same: you need to think more deeply about the management of
your DC scheme.

The guidance issued by the UK regulator in January this year includes
six "DC principles" regarding the essential characteristics of the schemes,
establishing governance,  qualifications of
personnel, ongoing monitoring                              , administration, and
communication with members to enable                               them to make
informed decisions about retirement savings.

As the focus increasingly shifts to DC in Ireland, companies should consider the
type of governance/management model built into their DC scheme. Is there
sufficient independence, challenge and innovation in the model to protect
members' interests? Will one service provider be able to advise and manage on
all aspects of the scheme, or might conflicts of interest impede that goal?

Our view is that the DC model in Ireland will evolve. There needs to be
increased focus on, and ongoing robust management of, the underlying factors
that will impact member outcomes. As this covers everything
- from costs through to innovation in investment and communications
- it will likely lead to unbundling of services and the emergence of new
initiatives.

John Tuohy is chief executive of Acuvest, a specialist pensions advisory firm

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 569  words


Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - Members of SA's biggest medical scheme, Discovery, will be asked to
vote next week on a proposed merger with IBM SA medical scheme, a deal that
would see the industry giant acquiring a large group of pensioners that bring
with them substantial cash reserves to offset their higher medical bills.

The development is the latest example of industry consolidation, which has seen
the number of schemes shrink by a third over the past decade as smaller entities
struggle to remain financially viable.

The number of medical schemes declined from 144 in 2000 to just 97 in 2011,
according to the Council for Medical Schemes. Discovery Health Medical Scheme
(DHMS), which has about 2.5-million beneficiaries, merged with Edcon Group
medical scheme in 2011 and is set to amalgamate with Nampak medical scheme next
month.

The latest merger had been driven by IBM SA medical scheme, which was
confronting dwindling membership numbers and deteriorating financial health,
according to its principal officer Rod Hallowell.

IBM SA medical scheme restricts membership to IBM SA employees and their
dependents. With a mere 3,900 beneficiaries and a solvency ratio of 41.4%, the
scheme was able to pay the claims of its members comfortably, said Mr Hallowell.

But the scheme's financial future was precarious, he said, noting that it had
experienced a higher than expected claims ratio last year and was expected to
post an operating and net deficit for last year.

Mr Hallowell said an increasing proportion of IBM SA retirees wanted the option
to & buy down& if cash was tight, which they could not now do as their scheme
offered no benefit choices. By contrast, DHMS offered almost 24 benefit packages
to choose from.

The Council for Medical Schemes requires at least half of IBM SA medical scheme
members to vote on the proposal, a process the scheme plans to finish by the end
of the month.

The proposal to merge with IBM SA medical scheme will be put to DHMS members at
a special general meeting (SGM) at it offices in Sandton on February 19. In
terms of DHMS's rules, only 30 members are required for an SGM quorum, which
means the membership apathy that typifies the industry is unlikely to stand in
the way of a decision.

Discovery typically gets only about 100 people attending its annual general
meetings, and expects similar numbers next week, said its principal officer
Milton Streak. He said DHMS was so big that the absorption of IBM SA medical
scheme's members would have a & negligible effect& on its risk profile, which
would be comfortably offset by the R21.5m cash reserves that the scheme would
bring with it.

The average age of DHMS members was 32.65, compared to IBM SA's 39.76, which was
well above the industry average of 31.16 in 2011 (the latest year for which such
figures are available).

Its pensioner ratio was 34.5%, considerably higher than the 2011 industry
average of 6.6% reported by the Council for Medical Schemes. The pensioner ratio
measures the proportion of beneficiaries aged 65 and above.

If members of both schemes vote in favour of the proposed merger, it will then
be submitted to the Competition Commission and the Council for Medical Schemes
for approval, said Mr Streak.

JOINT DEAL: Discovery principal officer Milton Streak expects only about 100
members to vote at a special general meeting. Picture: RUSSELL ROBERTS

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 569  words


Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - Members of SA's biggest medical scheme, Discovery, will be asked to
vote next week on a proposed merger with IBM SA medical scheme, a deal that
would see the industry giant acquiring a large group of pensioners that bring
with them substantial cash reserves to offset their higher medical bills.

The development is the latest example of industry consolidation, which has seen
the number of schemes shrink by a third over the past decade as smaller entities
struggle to remain financially viable.

The number of medical schemes declined from 144 in 2000 to just 97 in 2011,
according to the Council for Medical Schemes. Discovery Health Medical Scheme
(DHMS), which has about 2.5-million beneficiaries, merged with Edcon Group
medical scheme in 2011 and is set to amalgamate with Nampak medical scheme next
month.

The latest merger had been driven by IBM SA medical scheme, which was
confronting dwindling membership numbers and deteriorating financial health,
according to its principal officer Rod Hallowell.

IBM SA medical scheme restricts membership to IBM SA employees and their
dependents. With a mere 3,900 beneficiaries and a solvency ratio of 41.4%, the
scheme was able to pay the claims of its members comfortably, said Mr Hallowell.

But the scheme's financial future was precarious, he said, noting that it had
experienced a higher than expected claims ratio last year and was expected to
post an operating and net deficit for last year.

Mr Hallowell said an increasing proportion of IBM SA retirees wanted the option
to & buy down& if cash was tight, which they could not now do as their scheme
offered no benefit choices. By contrast, DHMS offered almost 24 benefit packages
to choose from.

The Council for Medical Schemes requires at least half of IBM SA medical scheme
members to vote on the proposal, a process the scheme plans to finish by the end
of the month.

The proposal to merge with IBM SA medical scheme will be put to DHMS members at
a special general meeting (SGM) at it offices in Sandton on February 19. In
terms of DHMS's rules, only 30 members are required for an SGM quorum, which
means the membership apathy that typifies the industry is unlikely to stand in
the way of a decision.

Discovery typically gets only about 100 people attending its annual general
meetings, and expects similar numbers next week, said its principal officer
Milton Streak. He said DHMS was so big that the absorption of IBM SA medical
scheme's members would have a & negligible effect& on its risk profile, which
would be comfortably offset by the R21.5m cash reserves that the scheme would
bring with it.

The average age of DHMS members was 32.65, compared to IBM SA's 39.76, which was
well above the industry average of 31.16 in 2011 (the latest year for which such
figures are available).

Its pensioner ratio was 34.5%, considerably higher than the 2011 industry
average of 6.6% reported by the Council for Medical Schemes. The pensioner ratio
measures the proportion of beneficiaries aged 65 and above.

If members of both schemes vote in favour of the proposed merger, it will then
be submitted to the Competition Commission and the Council for Medical Schemes
for approval, said Mr Streak.

JOINT DEAL: Discovery principal officer Milton Streak expects only about 100
members to vote at a special general meeting. Picture: RUSSELL ROBERTS

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 569  words


Discovery, IBM SA members set to vote on merger

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - Members of SA's biggest medical scheme, Discovery, will be asked to
vote next week on a proposed merger with IBM SA medical scheme, a deal that
would see the industry giant acquiring a large group of pensioners that bring
with them substantial cash reserves to offset their higher medical bills.

The development is the latest example of industry consolidation, which has seen
the number of schemes shrink by a third over the past decade as smaller entities
struggle to remain financially viable.

The number of medical schemes declined from 144 in 2000 to just 97 in 2011,
according to the Council for Medical Schemes. Discovery Health Medical Scheme
(DHMS), which has about 2.5-million beneficiaries, merged with Edcon Group
medical scheme in 2011 and is set to amalgamate with Nampak medical scheme next
month.

The latest merger had been driven by IBM SA medical scheme, which was
confronting dwindling membership numbers and deteriorating financial health,
according to its principal officer Rod Hallowell.

IBM SA medical scheme restricts membership to IBM SA employees and their
dependents. With a mere 3,900 beneficiaries and a solvency ratio of 41.4%, the
scheme was able to pay the claims of its members comfortably, said Mr Hallowell.

But the scheme's financial future was precarious, he said, noting that it had
experienced a higher than expected claims ratio last year and was expected to
post an operating and net deficit for last year.

Mr Hallowell said an increasing proportion of IBM SA retirees wanted the option
to & buy down& if cash was tight, which they could not now do as their scheme
offered no benefit choices. By contrast, DHMS offered almost 24 benefit packages
to choose from.

The Council for Medical Schemes requires at least half of IBM SA medical scheme
members to vote on the proposal, a process the scheme plans to finish by the end
of the month.

The proposal to merge with IBM SA medical scheme will be put to DHMS members at
a special general meeting (SGM) at it offices in Sandton on February 19. In
terms of DHMS's rules, only 30 members are required for an SGM quorum, which
means the membership apathy that typifies the industry is unlikely to stand in
the way of a decision.

Discovery typically gets only about 100 people attending its annual general
meetings, and expects similar numbers next week, said its principal officer
Milton Streak. He said DHMS was so big that the absorption of IBM SA medical
scheme's members would have a & negligible effect& on its risk profile, which
would be comfortably offset by the R21.5m cash reserves that the scheme would
bring with it.

The average age of DHMS members was 32.65, compared to IBM SA's 39.76, which was
well above the industry average of 31.16 in 2011 (the latest year for which such
figures are available).

Its pensioner ratio was 34.5%, considerably higher than the 2011 industry
average of 6.6% reported by the Council for Medical Schemes. The pensioner ratio
measures the proportion of beneficiaries aged 65 and above.

If members of both schemes vote in favour of the proposed merger, it will then
be submitted to the Competition Commission and the Council for Medical Schemes
for approval, said Mr Streak.

JOINT DEAL: Discovery principal officer Milton Streak expects only about 100
members to vote at a special general meeting. Picture: RUSSELL ROBERTS

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            November 23, 2012 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

More opting out of medical schemes as costs rise - report;
Legislation the key, but consumers can also do their bit

BYLINE:  UFRIEDA HO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 741 words


A TWELVE-year overview of medical aid schemes shows there's room |for regulatory
shake-ups, increased vigilance against spiralling health-care costs and reasons
consumers should be more proactive.

Alexander Forbes Health's Annual Diagnosis is a long-term summary of key trends
and analysis of how medical aid schemes have performed since the Council for
Medical Schemes starting publishing reports in 2000.

Only 3.7 million employed South Africans are part of medical aid schemes. This
despite the fact that Alexander Forbes Health says there are 8.3 million
formally employed people in the country and a total of 13 million if the
informal sector is included.

Anthea Towert, head of scheme consulting at the firm, says: "What the data shows
is that the cost of belonging to a private medical aid is becoming less
affordable. People are either downgrading their cover or opting not to be part
of a scheme at all."

Towert says medical treatment costs and medical aid contribution costs have
risen on average over the past 12 years at 2.5 percent and 1.7 percent higher
than CPI (consumer price inflation) respectively.

Fewer people joining schemes means increased pressure on state-run hospitals,
and increased vulnerability for schemes.

Lebohang Pitso, a scheme consultant who also worked on the report, says schemes
that are bigger and are run effectively do have leverage to negotiate better
prices with health-care service providers.

"We have seen smaller medical aid schemes, both open schemes and restricted
schemes, being consolidated in recent years. It makes sense, because if you have
too few members, your risks become too high and too volatile and you could be
crippled by a few large claims," says Pitso.

However, the Alexander Forbes Health report also warns against the rise of an
oligopoly of the most prominent funds becoming too dominant.

Membership figures for 2011 show the clear key player in the industry is
Discovery Health at the top with 1.075 million principal members. The next
scheme is Bonitas with 275 780. In restricted or closed funds, the Government
Employees Medical Scheme had 595 737 members as at December 31.

Towert says more appropriate regulation is needed. The introduction of mandatory
membership is one measure that could bring a degree of balance and stability to
the industry. "We have an open enrolment, community rated environment with
highly regulated minimum benefits, but no mandatory membership provisions are in
place to help stabilise the risk pools."

Bigger is not always better, though. It's about managing risks. Currently the
Medical Schemes Act requires that all medical aid schemes have a minimum 25
percent solvency.

Towert says a risk-based capital model would be more scheme-specific and
appropriate. Schemes with large memberships can free up reserves, while smaller
schemes would be compelled to hold a larger solvency percentage, to safeguard
against big risks.

Pitso points out more gaps in legislation. He says the 2008 Medical Schemes
Amendment Bill would have included things like a risk-equalisation fund that
would have been a mechanism by which schemes could manage their risk through
industry cross-subsidisation.

"The bill would have made prescribed minimum benefits more affordable and
comprehensive and made provision for a lower-income medical scheme framework to
make room for product offerings for those who can't afford what's currently on
the market," he says. But the bill was put on ice.

There are other legislative cracks, too. A 2010 high court ruling declared
invalid the National Health Reference Price List. In terms of the Competition
Act it was seen as price collusion. But the absence of a regulated tariff
structure has meant doctors can essentially charge what they want.

Much now hinges on legal developments of the past two years. Key among these are
the Consumer Protection Act and the publishing of the Green Paper on National
Health Insurance Policy.

This year the Competition Commission launched an investigation of private
health-care sector pricing and provision has been made for medical aid expenses
to be converted into medical tax credits.

But, Towert says, it's also up to consumers to do their bit by adapting their
habits.

"Consumers have been spoilt. People bypass GPs, they don't want to use doctors
who are preferred providers, or to use generic medicines - but increasingly this
is what will need to happen if medical |aid schemes are to remain affordable."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      November 19, 2012 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Hong Kong Trade and Industry Department: LCQ18: Review of Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes

LENGTH: 900  words


Hong Kong, Nov. 19 - Following is a question by the Hon Paul Tse and a written
reply by the Acting Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury, Ms Julia
Leung, in the Legislative Council today (October 31):



Question:

Recently, the Consumer Council (CC) published the performance of 341 fund
schemes under the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Schemes for the past five
years. With a membership size of 2.35 million and accrued benefits accumulated
so far standing at $384.3 billion, such fund schemes yielded an overall rate of
return of only 2.7% per annum but their annual average charging rate was as high
as 1.74%, which was substantially higher than the relevant charging rates of
some countries (1.19% for the United Kingdom (UK) and 0.56% for Chile). A
newspaper report entitled "MPF contributions have no prospect of recovery of
losses" has pointed out that "half of the funds have 'incurred' losses on the
part of wage earners", but there are numerous investment methods yielding much
higher investment returns than MPF. A number of members of the public have also
telephoned radio programmes, expressing their discontent with MPF and requesting
the Government to completely abolish the MPF Schemes. Regarding the policies and
measures for protecting the overall retirement fund contributions made by
employees, will the Government inform this Council:

(a) Whether, in view of the situation that nearly half of the fund schemes
(46.6%) have incurred losses and the charging rates of fund schemes are higher
than those of other countries, it will immediately review the actual
effectiveness of the MPF Schemes and examine the feasibility of abolishing the
MPF Schemes or replacing the MPF Schemes with other retirement protection
schemes; whether the Government will set any deadlines and bottom lines (e.g.
the charging rates of fund schemes have to be lowered to a level that is close
to those of countries such as UK and Chile, etc. prior to a certain deadline,
and the number of loss-incurring funds has to be capped at a certain percentage
of the total number of funds) and listen to and assess the views of members of
the public in order to objectively examine whether the MPF Schemes should be
abolished completely; if it will, how and what bottom lines will be set by the
Government and how the views of members of the public will be listened to and
assessed; if not, of the reasons for that;

(b) Given that quite a number of members of the public have pointed out to me
that the effectiveness of the MPF Schemes has been far from satisfactory for a
long time and that they have to pay high fund fees irrespective of whether or
not they make profits which always result in gains on the part of the trustees,
and as such, the MPF Schemes not only cannot offer effective protection for
their retirement life but instead gradually undermine their ability to cope with
it, which have led to widespread discontent against the MPF Schemes in society
and growing public sentiments calling for the abolition of the MPF Schemes,
whether the Government has conducted any studies or reviews on this situation;
if it has, of the results of the reviews; if not, whether it will immediately
conduct such reviews; what methods are in place to convince members of the
public that the Government requiring them to make mandatory contributions to the
MPF Schemes can effectively protect their retirement life;

(c) whether it has conducted any study on amending the Mandatory Provident Fund
Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 485) to require that fees charged for fund schemes
should be linked with investment performance, and that for fund schemes which
have incurred investment losses, clients should be exempted from management fees
or subsidised with management fees for the year after the loss-incurring year,
so that part of the investment risks will be shared by fund trustees and
competition will be promoted among them, and at last, only quality trustees will
survive; and

(d) Given that the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA) incurs an
expenditure of around $400 million each year but it has never implemented any
effective policies resulting in fund schemes lowering the management fees
charged to clients, nor has it conducted any one-stop assessments on the
performance of funds, and it has only taken follow-up actions upon CC's
announcement of its study results, whether the Government has assessed if MPFA
is competent in discharging its duties and whether the annual expenditure of
$400 million is used in a value-for-money manner and put to proper uses; also,
whether the Audit Commission will conduct a value-for-money audit on MPFA?

Reply:

President,

(a), (b) and (c) The Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) System in Hong Kong is
consistent with the second pillar in the pension model advocated by the World
Bank, i.e. "mandated, privately managed, fully-funded defined contribution
scheme". Before implementation of the MPF System in 2000, only one-third of the
workforce had retirement protection. At present, 85% of the working population
are covered under MPF schemes and other retirement protection schemes which
provide retirement protection to various degrees. As at June 30, 2012, the
annualised internal rate of return of the MPF system, after deduction of fees,
is about 2.7% per annum while the change in the annualised Composite Consumer
Price Index over the same period is 1.2%.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2012 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday

Pension plan for unorganised sector introduced

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, June 1 -- The Haryana Government has introduced a pension scheme to
enable the workers of specified

un-organised sector of the State to avail the benefits of the Swavalamban Yojana
Scheme of the Union Government.

The scheme has been named as Mahatma Gandhi Swavlamban Pension Scheme-2011
(MGSPS-2011), according to an official spokesman here.

The member of Cane Growers' Societies, Cooperative Sugar Mills, Hafed, Sugar
Mill, Milk Cooperatives or the Anganwari Worker

would be deemed to belong to the specified unorganised sector

to avail the benefit of MGSPS-2011, he said.

Those in regular employment of the state government or an autonomous body or
Public sector undertakings of the state government having employer assisted
retirement benefit scheme could not avail the benefit of the scheme.

The beneficiaries should not be covered by a social security scheme under the
laws of

Employees Provident Fund and miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, the Coal Mines
Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions, Act, 1948, the Seamen's Provident
Fund Act, 1966, the Assam Tea Plantations Provident Fund and Pension Fund Scheme
Act, 1955 and the Jammu and Kashmir Employee Provident Fund Act, 1961, he said.

He said the members would be eligible to enroll under the MGSPS-2011 if they
were in the age group of 18 to 50 years. However, enrollment was voluntary.

Further, even if a person was a member of more than one Society or Cooperative,
he would be eligible to have a single MGSPS-2011 account only.

In this scheme, each member would contribute '200 per month or '2400 per annum.
The State Government would

contribute '100 per month which was '1,200 per year.

He said under the scheme, the Central Government would contribute '1,000 per
year to each MGSPS-2011 account opened in the year 2010-11 and for the next
three years - 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14 subject to fulfillment of the
eligibility criteria as prescribed by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development
Authority (PFRDA) for its scheme "Swavalamban Yojana".

The Swavalamban

Yojana Scheme had been introduced by the Union Government two years back for the
weaker and economically disadvantaged sections of the society with their limited
investment potential to be able to avail of National Pension System for securing
their old age income security.

The Haryana Government has introduced a pension scheme to enable the workers of
specified un-organised sector of the State to avail the benefits of the
Swavalamban Yojana Scheme of the Union Government. The scheme has been named as
Mahatma Gandhi Swavlamban Pension Scheme-2011 (MGSPS-2011), according to an
official spokesman here.The member of Cane Growers' Societies, Cooperative Sugar
Mills, Hafed, Sugar Mill, Milk Cooperatives or the Anganwari Worker would be
deemed to belong to the specified unorganised sectorto avail the benefit of
MGSPS-2011, he said.Those in regular employment of the state government or an
autonomous body or Public sector undertakings of the state government having
employer assisted retirement benefit scheme could not avail the benefit of the
scheme.The beneficiaries should not be covered by a social security scheme under
the laws of Employees Provident Fund and miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, the
Coal Mines Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions, Act, 1948, the Seamen's
Provident Fund Act, 1966, the Assam Tea Plantations Provident Fund and Pension
Fund Scheme Act, 1955 and the Jammu and Kashmir Employee Provident Fund Act,
1961, he said.He said the members would be eligible to enroll under the
MGSPS-2011 if they were in the age group of 18 to 50 years. However, enrollment
was voluntary.Further, even if a person was a member of more than one Society or
Cooperative, he would be eligible to have a single MGSPS-2011 account only.In
this scheme, each member would contribute '200 per month or '2400 per annum. The
State Government would contribute '100 per month which was '1,200 per year.He
said under the scheme, the Central Government would contribute '1,000 per year
to each MGSPS-2011 account opened in the year 2010-11 and for the next three
years - 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14 subject to fulfillment of the eligibility
criteria as prescribed by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority
(PFRDA) for its scheme "Swavalamban Yojana".The Swavalamban Yojana Scheme had
been introduced by the Union Government two years back for the weaker and
economically disadvantaged sections of the society with their limited investment
potential to be able to avail of National Pension System for securing their old
age income security. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Political & Business Daily. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2011 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

ICICI Pru AMC merges 3 schemes

BYLINE: Kayezad E. Adajania, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


April 15--C.B. Bhave's (former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India, or Sebi) comment at a seminar last year about "over 3,000 MF schemes in
the market" may not have gone down well with the fund houses--and the count can
be debated--but Sebi's message seems to have found some takers.

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co. Ltd aims to merge its ICICI Prudential
Fusion I, ICICI Prudential Equity Opportunities Fund (IPEOF; formerly known as
ICICI Prudential Fusion II) and ICICI Prudential Fusion III into ICICI
Prudential Dynamic Fund (IPDF) on 11 April. The AMC has sent letters to
investors in this regard.

As per Value Research data, since January 2010 six fund houses have merged
schemes from within their stable.

These are usually schemes that are underperforming or have a tiny corpus. For
instance, the three ICICI Pru schemes were between '375 crore and '475 crore in
size.

"For sure, the regulator wants the industry to consolidate the schemes and bring
the number down. But that's not the only reason why we decide to merge schemes.
We look at it from a business point of view; whether or not it is viable for us
to run as many schemes. Where we think it's unviable, we decide to merge," says
Nimesh Shah, CEO, ICICI Prudential AMC.

Typically, fund houses try and ascertain which schemes need to be merged before
they seek their trustees' approval. After obtaining the trustees' approval, the
fund house applies to Sebi for its approval. The fund house also needs to
justify its proposal.

Investors are given a grace period within which they can redeem their
investments if they wish to. Exit loads, if any, are waived in this period. Once
the period expires, units of existing schemes are exhausted and for an
equivalent value, units in the new scheme are allotted at the prevailing net
asset value.

Says Gautam Nayak, a chartered accountant: "If the investor holds a debt scheme
that gets merged into another scheme, the investor pays long-term or short-term
capital gains tax, depending on how long s/he had held the units. If it is an
equity fund, only short-term capital gain tax needs to be paid if the investor
has made a profit and the holding period is less than a year."

Investors who hold units in the Fusion series schemes or IPEOF should opt for
merger into IPDF. The latter has been a consistent performer in rising as well
as falling markets and is also part of Mint50, our curated list of MF schemes.

Expect more scheme mergers in the future. For instance, ICICI Prudential AMC
aims to merge one of its thematic funds into ICICI Prudential Top 200 Fund
(formerly ICICI Prudential Growth Plan) and a quasi international scheme into
ICICI Prudential Focused Bluechip Equity Fund. Birla Sun Life Asset Management
Co. Ltd, too, plans to merge few of its schemes, especially in categories where
there is duplication, and also a few other thematic or sectoral funds. We'll
keep you posted.

To see more of Mint, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.livemint.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Mint, New Delhi Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110415-1MI-ICICI-Pru-AMC-merges-3-schemes-0415-20110415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2011 Mint, New Delhi


                              779 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                               September 16, 2010
                                 South Edition

OAP 'left in the cold' by energy scheme ...

SECTION: RUN OF PAGE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 426 words


OAP 'left in the cold' by energy scheme

A PENSIONER from Castlereagh has warned "you may be left out in the cold" by the
government backed Warm Homes Scheme -- designed to help those on benefits keep
their homes warm.

Mr Alex McPhedran contacted the Community Telegraph last week in response to MLA
Robin Newton's comments in our paper (September 9) welcoming the Warm Home
Scheme and advising people to apply.

Seventy-two-year-old Mr McPhedran said: "I want to know why the goal posts of
this scheme have changed and why those who receive rate relief can no longer
apply.

"Last year I applied to this scheme through Phoenix Gas who helped me to fill in
the application form and send it off.

"At first I received a telephone call from the Warm Home Scheme to tell me they
had received my form and that the benefits I received ensured I qualified for
the scheme.

"But seven weeks later, around June 2009, they called me again and told me the
goal posts had changed in terms of the benefits you needed to qualify for the
scheme. They said I couldn't access the scheme because I didn't have full
housing benefit, and that having rate relief no longer met the criteria."

He continued: "A lot of people like myself who own their own home are receiving
rate relief because we obviously need help in this area.

"When you are over 70 you get an additional 20 per cent rate relief because of
your obvious circumstances. I can't understand why we can't therefore have
access to this scheme and why the criteria was changed.

"I think this is something the older people reading your paper should know
about."

The Warm Homes Scheme offers a range of insulation measures such as cavity wall
insulation, loft insulation and hot water tank jackets to householders on
'qualifying benefits' who either own or rent their home from a private landlord.

A spokesperson from the Warm Homes Scheme, administered by the Department of
Social Development, said: "The Warm Homes Scheme, managed by Bryson Charitable
Group and H & A Mechanical from July 1, 2009 is a totally new scheme with
different qualifying benefits and measures to that of the old scheme.

"Any customer details passed over by the old scheme managers were assessed
against new scheme criteria and where relevant these applicants have been
processed for any appropriate measures available."

Cllr Newton said: "It's unfortunate that people on rate relief are not entitled
to the scheme but it is still worth applying as many pensioners will find they
are eligible."

To find out if you qualify for the scheme contact 0800 988 0559.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday

WBCIS fails to generate interest among farmers

LENGTH: 613  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, April 29 -- Aimed to insure wheat farmers in Haryana against the
adverse weather conditions, the Weather- Based Crop Insurance Scheme (WBCIS) by
the State Government is facing disapproval and has failed to generate interest
among the farmers.

The wheat farmers in the State are not excited about the scheme after the
failure of other such schemes implemented in the State.

Earlier also, schemes implemented in the State on the similar lines had been
scratched due to poor response by the farmers. Wheat Insurance Scheme that had
been launched in Ambala, Karnal and Rohtak districts in 2005-06 and the Rain
Insurance Scheme in Ambala, Karnal, Hisar and Rohtak districts in 2006 and also
the National Agriculture Insurance Scheme (NAIS), encountered the same fate.

When the scheme was launched, the State Government had been picked apart for
failing to issue the notification regarding the implementation of the scheme.

The scheme has once again been criticised by the experts and those getting
affected on the grounds of wrong and complicated calculation to measure crop
loss, high premium cost, short risk period and unnecessary delay in disbursement
of claim.

"In collaboration with ICICI Lombard GIC Limited, the scheme will be implemented
on pilot basis and cover three blocks of Ambala-II (Ambala), Babain
(Kurukshetra) and Tohana (Fatehabad) next year in the first phase of the scheme
," said a senior official at the Haryana Agriculture Department.

"The main objective of the scheme is to provide insurance cover and financial
support to the farmers in the case of failure of crop due to adverse conditions
of weather parameters like rainfall, temperature, frost and humidity," he added.

The risk period of the scheme was from March 10 to April 15 with 1.5 per cent
premium to be given by farmers and the rest to be equally shared by the Centre
and the State Government. The amount of insurance protection under the scheme is
Rs 15,000 per acre for wheat farmers.

Showing dissatisfaction, Haryana Kisan Sangh president Shamsher Singh Tyagi
said: "The insurance scheme is not yield guarantee insurance and the highest
claim of Rs 15,000 per acre in the case of maximum disaster is also very small.
Also, the premium of Rs 1,158 per acre, which also includes Rs 910 as subsidy to
be paid by Central and State Governments, is very high."

"All this clearly indicates that the scheme would benefit the private bank only
instead of the farmers for whom the scheme has been formed," he added.

However, the agriculture experts explicated that the sum insured under the
proposed scheme is only the cost of inputs on the crop and not the cost of
yield. "The sum insured would be pre-declared for per unit area (hectare) by
Agriculture Insurance Company (AIC) which may be different for different
Reference Unit Areas (RUAs). Hence the scheme would not benefit the tenant
cultivators as the land charges are hovering around Rs 25,000 per acre," posited
a senior professor of Hisar's Haryana Agriculture University (HAU).

Uncertain over the parameters of assessing the crop loss, he said: "As the
weather experience, rainfall in particular, could be different even in smaller
geographical area in a span of a fortnight, month or a season, it is wrong to
assess the loss through Reference Weather Station at block or tehsil level."

"Also, the risk period of 40 days from the second week of March to third week of
April is very short as heavy rain and high temperature could damage the crop
within 15 days of sowing," he stated. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Pioneer. For more information on news feed please contact
Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               November 13, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Medical aid schemes weigh up cost of doing business in difficult times

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1034  words


Medical aid schemes weigh up cost of doing business in difficult times

As consumers' disposable income dwindles, families are as worried about the
grudge purchase of health cover as schemes are about losing their members

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - November marks an anxious time for medical schemes and their
administrators, as consumers make critical decisions about the benefit packages
they can afford for next year. South Africans have recently been hit hard by
interest rate hikes and increased fuel and food costs, leaving them with
dwindling disposable incomes. Many are likely to be weighing up the pros and
cons of switching to a cheaper package, says Kevin Aron, managing director of
Medscheme Health, SA's third-largest medical scheme administrator.

Schemes are also worried about the economic slowdown, since many of their
members rely on full or partial subsidies from their employers. If there are
significant job losses in the formal sector in the year ahead, SA may see a drop
in medical scheme membership, particularly among lower wage earners who cannot
afford cover without their employer's contribution, says Aron.

Since many people have lost faith in public hospitals, medical schemes expect
some retrenched workers to seek out the cheapest and most basic benefit options,
which provide private hospital cover in a restricted network of facilities.

For many families, medical scheme contributions are the biggest household
expense after their mortgage. They have little or no flexibility with other
regular expenses such as school fees and car payments, and often see health
cover as a "grudge purchase".

The treasury expects the economy to grow only 3,7% this year, down from an
average of 5% a year over the past four years, and forecasts economic growth of
3% next year.

While officials are adamant that, unlike the UK and the US, SA is not heading
for recession, several industries have recently laid off workers and more are
likely to do so next year. Earlier this year, Nationwide airline retrenched
workers when it went into liquidation. More recently, UraniumOne, a uranium
mine, fired staff. Vehicle sales are down, threatening franchise businesses and
jobs in the manufacturing side of the business, and retail sales have contracted
four months in a row, suggesting a looming recession in the sector.

The industry will be closely watching developments around the government's
medical scheme for civil servants, GEMS, which now boasts 300000 principal
members, according to its principal officer, Eugene Watson. The scheme has
extended cover to 430000 people who previously were not medical scheme members,
and is one of the forces driving industry consolidation.

Members can draw some comfort from the fact that open medical schemes are hiking
fees by an average 13%, roughly in line with inflation, while closed schemes are
instituting slightly lower increases, says Council for Medical Schemes acting
registrar Patrick Matshikidze. Anyone who can afford the fees may join an open
scheme, while closed schemes are restricted to employer groups.

The hikes are a far cry from 2004, when inflation averaged 4,3% and members were
forced to swallow an average fee increase of 12,5% at the start of the year.
Matshikidze says most schemes have built up their reserves over the past few
years in line with statutory requirements, and some have probably taken a
calculated decision to try to cushion their members by dipping into this cash
pile. The market is increasingly competitive, and schemes are worried they will
lose members if they announce fee hikes that are significantly higher than those
of their rivals, he says.

The depreciation of the rand, which has fallen 15% against the dollar since the
start of the year to above R10/$, is also a worry as it is likely to put
pressure on prices since most medical equipment and supplies are imported, says
Jonathan Broomberg, head of strategy at SA's biggest medical scheme, Discovery
Health.

One development that the industry is likely to be watching keenly over the
coming year is Discovery's latest attempt to reduce costs by encouraging its
members to lead healthier lives. The scheme has already shown that giving
members incentives to exercise regularly pays dividends: research commissioned
by Discovery showed members who used the gym regularly were less likely to be
hospitalised, and when they were, they cost the scheme less than their
couch-potato friends.

Discovery is now turning its attention to its members' diets, and next year
plans to offer them discounts of up to 25% on healthy food bought from retailer
Pick n Pay.

Schemes are expected to continue exploring innovative ways to curb costs by
encouraging members to use designated service providers, where they pay less if
they choose benefit packages that restrict their choice of doctor, hospital or
pharmacy and pay a premium for complete freedom of choice.

Aside from concerns about the economy, schemes face a raft of ongoing challenges
such as the shortage of specialists and continued regulatory uncertainty. Two
key pieces of legislation - the Medical Schemes Amendment Bill and the
contentious National Health Amendment Bill - have yet to be considered by
Parliament.

Since MPs are about to wrap up work for the year and turn their attention to
electioneering, it is doubtful whether these bills will be processed before next
year's general election.

The Medical Schemes Amendment Bill proposes tighter governance of medical
schemes, moves to standardised benefit options among schemes, and introduces new
rules for brokers. The National Health Amendment Bill is likely to run into
stiff opposition from hospitals and doctors, as it proposes introducing a
mechanism in which the state will oversee annual price negotiations between
medical schemes and service providers. There is also still no clarity on the
government's plans to introduce National Health Insurance, and industry sources
say it is unlikely the ruling party will develop a detailed policy on this
before voters go to the polls.

Medical aid schemes will be concerned that their members will opt for less
expensive packages as the global economy slows, and members have less disposable
income.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                          The Weekender (South Africa)

                               November 13, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Medical aid schemes weigh up cost of doing business in difficult times

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1036 words


Medical aid schemes weigh up cost of doing business in difficult times

As consumers' disposable income dwindles, families are as worried about the
grudge purchase of health cover as schemes are about losing their members

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - November marks an anxious time for medical schemes and their
administrators, as consumers make critical decisions about the benefit packages
they can afford for next year. South Africans have recently been hit hard by
interest rate hikes and increased fuel and food costs, leaving them with
dwindling disposable incomes. Many are likely to be weighing up the pros and
cons of switching to a cheaper package, says Kevin Aron, managing director of
Medscheme Health, SA's third-largest medical scheme administrator.

Schemes are also worried about the economic slowdown, since many of their
members rely on full or partial subsidies from their employers. If there are
significant job losses in the formal sector in the year ahead, SA may see a drop
in medical scheme membership, particularly among lower wage earners who cannot
afford cover without their employer's contribution, says Aron.

Since many people have lost faith in public hospitals, medical schemes expect
some retrenched workers to seek out the cheapest and most basic benefit options,
which provide private hospital cover in a restricted network of facilities.

For many families, medical scheme contributions are the biggest household
expense after their mortgage. They have little or no flexibility with other
regular expenses such as school fees and car payments, and often see health
cover as a "grudge purchase".

The treasury expects the economy to grow only 3,7% this year, down from an
average of 5% a year over the past four years, and forecasts economic growth of
3% next year.

While officials are adamant that, unlike the UK and the US, SA is not heading
for recession, several industries have recently laid off workers and more are
likely to do so next year. Earlier this year, Nationwide airline retrenched
workers when it went into liquidation. More recently, UraniumOne, a uranium
mine, fired staff. Vehicle sales are down, threatening franchise businesses and
jobs in the manufacturing side of the business, and retail sales have contracted
four months in a row, suggesting a looming recession in the sector.

The industry will be closely watching developments around the government's
medical scheme for civil servants, GEMS, which now boasts 300000 principal
members, according to its principal officer, Eugene Watson. The scheme has
extended cover to 430000 people who previously were not medical scheme members,
and is one of the forces driving industry consolidation.

Members can draw some comfort from the fact that open medical schemes are hiking
fees by an average 13%, roughly in line with inflation, while closed schemes are
instituting slightly lower increases, says Council for Medical Schemes acting
registrar Patrick Matshikidze. Anyone who can afford the fees may join an open
scheme, while closed schemes are restricted to employer groups.

The hikes are a far cry from 2004, when inflation averaged 4,3% and members were
forced to swallow an average fee increase of 12,5% at the start of the year.
Matshikidze says most schemes have built up their reserves over the past few
years in line with statutory requirements, and some have probably taken a
calculated decision to try to cushion their members by dipping into this cash
pile. The market is increasingly competitive, and schemes are worried they will
lose members if they announce fee hikes that are significantly higher than those
of their rivals, he says.

The depreciation of the rand, which has fallen 15% against the dollar since the
start of the year to above R10/$, is also a worry as it is likely to put
pressure on prices since most medical equipment and supplies are imported, says
Jonathan Broomberg, head of strategy at SA's biggest medical scheme, Discovery
Health.

One development that the industry is likely to be watching keenly over the
coming year is Discovery's latest attempt to reduce costs by encouraging its
members to lead healthier lives. The scheme has already shown that giving
members incentives to exercise regularly pays dividends: research commissioned
by Discovery showed members who used the gym regularly were less likely to be
hospitalised, and when they were, they cost the scheme less than their
couch-potato friends.

Discovery is now turning its attention to its members' diets, and next year
plans to offer them discounts of up to 25% on healthy food bought from retailer
Pick n Pay.

Schemes are expected to continue exploring innovative ways to curb costs by
encouraging members to use designated service providers, where they pay less if
they choose benefit packages that restrict their choice of doctor, hospital or
pharmacy and pay a premium for complete freedom of choice.

Aside from concerns about the economy, schemes face a raft of ongoing challenges
such as the shortage of specialists and continued regulatory uncertainty. Two
key pieces of legislation - the Medical Schemes Amendment Bill and the
contentious National Health Amendment Bill - have yet to be considered by
Parliament.

Since MPs are about to wrap up work for the year and turn their attention to
electioneering, it is doubtful whether these bills will be processed before next
year's general election.

The Medical Schemes Amendment Bill proposes tighter governance of medical
schemes, moves to standardised benefit options among schemes, and introduces new
rules for brokers. The National Health Amendment Bill is likely to run into
stiff opposition from hospitals and doctors, as it proposes introducing a
mechanism in which the state will oversee annual price negotiations between
medical schemes and service providers. There is also still no clarity on the
government's plans to introduce National Health Insurance, and industry sources
say it is unlikely the ruling party will develop a detailed policy on this
before voters go to the polls.

Medical aid schemes will be concerned that their members will opt for less
expensive packages as the global economy slows, and members have less disposable
income.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BD


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday

What makes a good pension scheme?

BYLINE: Rusma Ibrahim

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 1024 words


IN THE past, old age security was part and parcel of the family system. The
breadwinner would work in the farm until he could no longer do so. Then he would
spend a brief so called "retirement", looked after by the children and other
family members and then died in his late fifties or sixties. Even if he was a
wage earner, his retirement would still be brief and the family was still the
cornerstone of his old-age security.

The setting has changed tremendously. People are living longer, more are living
in the urban areas and the family system is undergoing changes that may result
in some of disintegration, arising out of change in life styles, parents are no
longer living with their adult children and other environmental pressures.

With the emergence of wage earners, retirement is now institutionalised. What
this means is that one's period of employment is now determined and beyond which
one has to retire, irrespective of whether one wishes or is still able to
continue to work or otherwise. Hence, the necessity for governments to establish
the mechanism for the provision of income protection in old age for the
citizens.

This brings us to the subject of the pension scheme. The main objective of a
pension scheme is to alleviate poverty in old age as part of the broader social
protection. If the objective is not achieved, support from the family system is
necessary, failing which the retiree or the old will turn to charity and
eventually public funds. Financial protection in old age, therefore, is not the
responsibility of the individual alone, although he or she has a big role to
play.

The bad news is that there is no one fit-for-all model of a good retirement
scheme. A model that works in one country may not be suitable in another.

This is because all retirement schemes have evolved over a long period of time
in line with social, economic and political development of the country. The
evolution however, has enabled experts to identify the requirements of good
retirement scheme that can fulfill the mission it is intended for.

Most retirement schemes are funded by contributions from employees, employers
and in some cases the government as well. Hence, one of the most important
functions of the retirement system is to ensure effective collection of
contributions. How can this be done?

Firstly, whoever is to be covered under the scheme must be registered with the
scheme and their personal information captured in a data base. This will enable
monitoring of contribution payments and subsequently enforcement of the law on
errant payees.

Effective collection of contributions will ensure good coverage of the scheme.
The objective is to cover all those required to be covered under the law, by way
of regular and accurate payment of contributions.

According to world standard, the ability to cover at least 80 per cent of those
who must be covered, is already considered commendable. This is especially so in
developing countries where evasion of contribution payments is a major problem
due to lack of proper collection system and structure.

In the case of provident fund scheme, benefits in form of accumulated savings
due to the contributors can only be paid if all their contributions have been
collected.

Otherwise, they will only receive whatever have been paid by their employers
plus dividends.

For a defined benefit scheme, any shortfall in payment will be met normally by
the government. This will increase the liability of the government or tax
payers.

At the end of the day when all the conditions have been fulfilled, the
recipients of the scheme will be paid the retirement benefits. It can be in the
form of regular periodic payments like pension or annuity or in lump sum in the
case of a provident fund or a defined contribution scheme. The benefit is meant
to be used by the retirees to finance in most cases, their basic retirement
needs.

Hence, to meet this objective, a retirement scheme should pay regular payments
to retirees for life. Unlike in the case of the lump sum payment which can be
consumed by the retirees within a short period of time, which defeats the very
purpose the scheme is set up for in the first place.

Besides mode of payments, the retirements benefits should also be indexed to
prices. This is to ensure that the value of the benefits or pension is not
eroded by inflation.

Typically, defined contribution scheme which is annuitised is not price indexed.

On the other hand, it is not uncommon for defined benefit schemes which provide
pension benefits to be indexed to consumer price index or earnings.

In addition to effective registration of the participants of the scheme,
collection of contributions and payment of benefits, a retirement scheme is also
required to practice good governance.

Good governance is key to an effective retirement scheme. What does this mean in
simple terms? Taking some points from the International Labour Organisation,
governance includes the creation of a mechanism for the enactment of legislation
to give effect to policy decisions, establishment of institutional arrangements
which are accountable for the implementation of the scheme and opportunities for
contributors and their beneficiaries to influence the decision-making process
and to monitor the administration of the schemes.

The last requirement is normally done through tripartite representation of the
workers, employers and the government on the board of the retirement schemes.

Again as part of governance, the retirement schemes have the following
administrative obligations to fulfill.

As been mentioned earlier they have to ensure that the contributions are
collected and accounted for and that benefits are paid promptly and accurately
with appropriate explanation.

In addition, administrative cost must be minimised within the desired level or
service; ensure that contributors and their beneficiaries are aware of their
rights as well as obligations and finally a mechanism must be established for
reviewing and monitoring administrative performance of the scheme. - The writer
is the deputy chief executive officer of the Organisation Development Division,
Employees Provident Fund.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH; MALAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Western People

                               September 20, 2007

Anger at fresh hitch with the Belmullet Sewerage Scheme

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 694 words


THERE has been an angry reaction in Belmullet to news that the area's sewerage
scheme will not go to construction next year as expected, and has been pushed
out to 2009.

The revised start date for the EUR 21 million scheme was revealed yesterday
(Monday) when the Water Services Investment Programme for the next two years was
outlined. Under the programme, more than EUR 205 million will be invested in
water and sewerage services in Mayo.

Nine schemes have been earmarked to start in 2008. The largest of these will be
the extension of the Lough Mask Regional Water Supply Scheme from Srah to
Westport, and the extension of the treatment plant at Tourmakeady at a total
cost of    21 million. It had been expected that the Belmullet sewerage scheme
would be among these, as all of the relevant reports had been promptly submitted
to the Department of the Environment.

The north Mayo town and its hinterland have seen significant residential
development in recent years, and there are a number of new applications in the
pipeline. The need for facilities has been intensified by these developments,
and there have been growing concerns about the quantity of untreated sewage
going to Broadhaven Bay. In addition, the government has indicated plans to
designate Broadhaven and Black-sod Bays as as shellfish waters, meaning that
extremely stringent treatment facilities must be put in place.

The new delay with the scheme has been described by local Councillor Tim Quinn
as "totally unacceptable". The Fianna Fail member said he would be seeking
clarification on the start date from his party colleagues.

"All of the relevant information was supplied to the Department when it was
requested," he said. "The reason for this delay does not seem to make any sense
at all."

Councillor Quinn also expressed some concerns that the Belmullet and Foxford
Schemes appeared to have been bundled together for a start date in 2008.

Meanwhile, fellow Belmullet Councillor Gerry Coyle slammed the delay with the
scheme as "disgraceful and unfair".

"Private individuals have invested hugely in Belmullet in recent years. We have
a fine new hotel and one of the best golf courses in the world in this area, and
it's not good enough that we can't get a modern sewerage treatment facility,"
the Fine Gael members said.

Councillor Coyle added that he has a letter in possession indicating that
Belmullet Sewerage Scheme would begin in

2005.

"This was supposed to have started two years ago, when it would have cost    12
million. The longer the scheme drags on, the more it will cost and now we are
lumbered with the Polluter Pays Principle," the irate Councillor remarked.
"People will have to stand up and demand that this scheme beings immediately,
not in 2009 and not next year. There's a lot of talk about by-passes, but
Belmullet is being by-passed for everything, it seems to me."

Among the projects scheduled to begin in 2008 are the Kiltimagh Sewerage Scheme
and the Achill Sound Sewerage Scheme. The Kilmaine and Shrule Water Supply
Scheme --part of which will be constructed by Galway County Council as an
extension of the supply to Tuam - is also to progress next year; as is the
Ballina Regional Water Supply Scheme (Storage and Mains), which is set to cost

10.5 million.

Elsewhere, a new sludge hub proposed for the Civic Amenity Site in Derrinumera
outside Newport has been scheduled to start in 2009. The hub which is expected
to cost more than    7 million has generated massive controversy among the
communities of Islandeady and Glenis-land, who have indicated they are prepared
to take their opposition to An Bord Pleanala.

Other schemes to start in 2009 include the Killala Sewerage Scheme, the
Charlestown Sewerage Scheme, the Ballyhaunis/Derrymore Sewerage Scheme and the
Newport Sewerage Scheme.

Schemes to advance through planning include the Ballina Regional Water Supply
Scheme (Treatment Plant Upgrade), the Cong Water Supply Strategic Study and the
Lough Conn, East Mayo Regional Water Supply Feasibility Study (including
Swinford).

An allocation of    6.13 million has been made for water conservation measures
and 120,000 has been included for asset management studies.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               September 16, 2007

State drug scheme overruns by &euro;168m

SECTION: NEWS FEATURES

LENGTH: 1700 words


Drug payment scheme costs are spiralling, and pharmacists are making hefty
margins.

Picture the scene. A 30-something professional is heading off on an expensive
round-the-world trip with his wife. He walks into a pharmacy to pick up
medicines for a journey that costs thousands of euro and most people could only
dream about.

He hands over a prescription for himself and his wife and the pharmacist returns
with the medication for the trip: Dioralyte rehydration mix, Fucibet cream for
insect bites, anti-malarial tablets and the likes of Ciproxin, Imodium and
Motilium for diarrhoea and stomach upsets.

But the traveller realises he has some Fucibet and Motilium left over from a
previous trip and tells the pharmacist to leave them out.

''You may as well take them," says the pharmacist. ''You're not paying for them
anyway."

Welcome to the drugs payment scheme, where no individual or family has to pay
more than &euro;85 in any calendar month for approved prescribed medicines -
irrespective of their income.

The bill for the travel drugs comes to just under &euro;360.The traveller hands
over &euro;85 and the state covers the remaining &euro;275. The pharmacist,
meanwhile, gets a 50 per cent markup on the wholesale price of the medication,
meaning it is in his interest to sell as much as possible to his customers.

It is no surprise then that the drugs payment scheme cost &euro;281 million last
year. About 303,000 individuals were claiming on the scheme in May this year and
the scheme is set to overrun its budget by &euro;168 million this year.

''It sounds utopian," one GP said, ''but I do wonder at the wisdom of having
anti-malarials and creams like Fucibet, for insect bites, included in the scheme
. Surely people who can afford holidays to far-flung destinations should not
have their medication for the trip paid for by the state, especially when there
are desperate shortages in other areas?"

The GP said this was particularly pertinent, given the impact that health
cutbacks were having around the country. In the past week, doctors in the
Midland Regional Hospital in Portlaoise have been instructed to cut back on the
number of day cases they process, while a cardiac unit at Ennis General Hospital
in Clare is to close.

The drugs payment scheme is one of a number of demand-led drug schemes - others
include the long-term illness and high-tech drug scheme - that fall under the
Primary Care Reimbursement Scheme.

The drug s repayment scheme covers about 1,400 medications, including drugs used
to treat depression, cholesterol, heart disease and asthma.

Few people argue against the rationale of offering financial support and
subsidies to people needing regular medication - or indeed to cancer sufferers
in need of high-tech drugs, or those suffering from a long-term illness such as
cerebral palsy or multiple sclerosis.

But many in the health sector believe that certain changes could generate
significant savings.

The Commission on Financial Management and Control Systems in the Health
Service, the Brennan Commission and the National Centre for Pharmacoeconomics
have substantiated these claims and made a compelling case for reform of certain
schemes.

The Health Service Executive (HSE) recently identified the drugs payment scheme
and other demand-led schemes as being among the main causes of its much
publicised cost overrun, which has resulted in a freeze on health service
recruitment.

''The bigger factors driving the overrun are really things like the demand-out
schemes, as they are known in the community - high tech medicines and drugs
payment schemes," Liam Woods, the national director of finance at the HSE, told
the RTE Morning Ireland radio programme.

''The pattern year-on-year in those schemes is that they are growing by between
15 per cent and 20 per cent per annum, and indeed we have been supported by
government to grow those schemes."

The cost of the drugs payment scheme has grown exponentially. In 2000, it cost
&euro;110 million.

This year the bill for the scheme is expected to be &euro;323 million. According
to a recent HSE analysis of the spend on statutory drug and allowance schemes,
expenditure on such schemes is a ''growing underlying problem'', as budgetary
allocations are not keeping pace with expenditure growth.

The analysis concluded that annual increases in the number of people using the
schemes, coupled with rising epidemics of obesity and diabetes, were responsible
for over-runs.

The GP source said he ''regularly'' came across individuals claiming under the
drugs payment scheme who asked him to beef up prescriptions, as they knew the
state was footing the bill.

''I am regularly asked to add a few extra items - including Viagra for
recreational use - onto prescriptions. Any doctor in the country will tell you
that. People know how to work the system," he said.

A further problem is that there is no incentive to prescribe cheaper, generic
drugs under the drugs payment scheme.

Generic drugs have the same active ingredients but are less expensive than the
branded products.

Some health service sources believe that there should be legislative provision
that the state should only refund the equivalent of the cost of generic drugs.

Dr Michael Barry, clinical director of the National Centre for Pharmacoeconomics
at St James's Hospital in Dublin, carried out a survey of generic drug usage in
Ireland.

Published in 2003, it estimated annual savings of up to &euro;9 million could be
achieved on the top 30 drugs by expenditure if generic drugs were used on the
drugs payment scheme. Barry said the situation had not changed.

''We tend to prefer to prescribe brands, as opposed to generic drugs. We're not
quite sure why that is the case," he said.

Barry said that a drug budgeting scheme that allowed GPs to secure grants to
improve their practices if they made savings on prescribing was in place since
the early 1990s, but it only applied to medical card holders.

Over the past five years, generic substitution has been introduced in many EU
member states including Portugal, Sweden, Finland and Germany. Barry believes
incentivising the use of generic drugs would also reduce costs on the long-term
illness and high-tech medicines scheme.

A report commissioned by the European Commission on pharmaceutical pricing found
that Ireland had one of the lowest levels of consumption of generic drugs in
Europe, at less than 10 per cent.

The HSE last year reached an agreement with the Irish Pharmaceutical Healthcare
Association (IPHA) which should result in major savings.

Brian Buckley, consumer affairs director of the IPHA, said the four-year
agreement set the ex-factory cost of medicines based on the average price of
medicines in nine other European countries. The HSE estimated the deal would
result in savings of up to &euro;300 million over four years.

The HSE's recent deal with the Pharmaceutical Distributors Federation has also
secured savings. Since September 2006, the wholesale mark-up in drugs by
companies such as United Drug, Celesio and Uniphar has been 15 per cent, down
from 17.66 per cent.

The mark-up enjoyed by pharmacists has been a contentious issue for quite some
time.

In 2005, the HSE paid out &euro;284 million in fees and markups to pharmacists
on drugs that cost &euro;905 million. The pharmacists received an additional
&euro;8.7 million in patient care fees from the HSE.

The recent HSE report on demand-led schemes noted that when drugs are dispensed
under the drugs payment scheme and the long-term illness scheme, the pharmacist
earns a 50 per cent mark-up on the ingredient cost as well as a dispensing fee.

As retail pharmacies routinely negotiate discounts (in the form of rebates) with
wholesalers in relation to the drugs, medicines and appliances they supply under
the drugs payment scheme, the mark-ups are widely believed to be even higher.

The 50 per cent mark-up is not available to the pharmacist when the same drugs
are dispensed under the general medical card scheme, however. Pharmacists are
paid on a fee for service basis for the medical card scheme.

Barry said: ''This means the state pays less for the medication of someone who
holds a medical card than it does under the drugs payment scheme. We have argued
for this to be reviewed, as it is a serious anomaly and the state is not getting
good value for money."

Under the high-tech medicinal products scheme, pharmacists get a patient care
fee, as the wholesaler or pharmaceutical company invoices the HSE directly. In
2003, the Brennan Commission recommended that the 50 per cent mark-up paid to
pharmacists under the drugs payment and long-term illness schemes be abolished.

However, the HSE has yet to tackle margins enjoyed by pharmacists. While it
reported that Brendan Drumm, chief executive of the HSE, ordered a single review
of demand-led schemes, including the drugs payment scheme, a spokeswoman for the
HSE said that no major review was under way.

''There is work in progress looking at the community pharmacy contract and the
GP contract," she said.

''Any new contractual arrangements emerging from both reviews will promote
rational prescribing and dispensing on the part of GPs and pharmacists."

The HSE, in conjunction with the Irish Medical Organisation, is reviewing an
independent evaluation of the integrated drug treatment system ''and the outcome
of this process is relevant in the context of the HSE's objective to promote
rational cost effective prescribing''.

The HSE is also looking at its arrangements for the supply of non-drug items. It
wants to exploit its buying power in the market to get better value for money
from its spend in this area.

While Ireland has been criticised for its lack of a process to evaluate the
cost-effectiveness of the health service, that has changed with the setting up
of the Health Information and Quality Authority (HIQA), which also has a health
technology assessment function.

Later this month, Dr Mairin Ryan will take up her post as director of health
technology assessment at HIQA.

She will be responsible for evaluating the clinical and cost effectiveness of
technologies adopted by Ireland's health services. Whether the demand-led drugs
scheme will come under her scrutiny remains to be seen.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 July 01, 2007
                                   e2 Edition

Medical schemes under pressure, members at risk

BYLINE: Edwin Naidu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 395 words


Thousands of people who belong to medical aid schemes that do not comply with a
government requirement that they hold 25% of their income in reserve could find
themselves without cover, Patrick Masobe, the registrar of the Council for
Medical Schemes, has warned.

Masobe said the more a scheme allowed its reserves to fall below the required
level, the greater the risk to its members.

The reserves served as a buffer against unexpected losses and, if they were
inadequate, a scheme might not be able to meet its commitments to its members,
he said.

Rising hospital costs and higher administration and managed health-care expenses
last year led to the emergency reserves of 18 schemes - insuring 64% of medical
aid scheme members on open schemes - falling below the legal level. The Council
for Medical Schemes insisted each of the schemes with insufficient reserves had
to explain how it intended to correct the situation.

Masobe said the number of medical aid schemes had decreased in the past two
years because many of the smaller schemes had amalgamated with larger ones. And
members were being forced to bear the brunt of increased medical costs. Between
2002 and 2006, the average increase in members' contributions was consistently
higher than the CPIX measure of

Masobe said the council had closed down two schemes, Omnihealth and Eclipse,
last year because they were not able to honour their members' claims. The
council is in the process of shutting down Ellerines Medical Scheme.

He said as more people joined medical aid schemes, administration costs should
fall, but countering this would be the increase in payments made by the schemes
as more elderly and sick people signed on.

Adrian Gore, the chief executive of Discovery Holdings, told the Sunday Tribune
that the debate was not about solvency and financial strength, but about
technical requirements and compliance.

"The 25% reserve requirement is onerous for successful schemes, but we will meet
the target by December next year," he said.

James van Vught, the principal officer of Oxygen Medical Scheme, said they had
submitted a business plan to the council on how they intended reaching the 25%
solvency ratio.

He said that, in the event of major illness affecting a higher than normal
number of its members, Oxygen would be able to continue to honour its claims
because it had more than R300 million in reserve.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 25, 2007 Sunday

Making sense of KiwiSaver

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 813 words


Accountant Hamish Edwards offers some advice about what the KiwiSaver means.

Question: I've heard a lot about the KiwiSaver scheme - what does it mean for
me?

Answer: KiwiSaver, New Zealand's new superannuation scheme, is set to commence
from July 1, 2007, when every employee starting a new job will be automatically
enrolled in the scheme. KiwiSaver is not compulsory and the employee has the
first eight weeks in their job to opt out.

Existing employees and the self-employed can also choose to opt in. As an
employee, your KiwiSaver contribution is deducted from your salary or wages each
pay day for investment through your KiwiSaver account. You can choose to save at
a rate of either 4 per cent, or 8 per cent of your total pay before tax.

KiwiSaver enables employers to make contributions to employee savings at any
amount they wish. These employer contributions are exempt from the
Superannuation Scheme Contribution Withholding Tax (SSCWT), which is currently
33 per cent of the gross employer contribution. However, tax-free contributions
are capped at either the employees contribution or 4 per cent of their
before-tax pay, whichever is less.

Contributions under KiwiSaver are locked into the scheme until the employee
reaches the retirement age of 65 years. Exceptions to this include a one-time
withdrawal to assist with the purchase of a first home, financial hardship,
death or permanent emigration. The Government will contribute $1,000 on the
commencement of an account, and will provide up to $5,000 if an employee stays
in for five years and is purchasing a first home.

Question: So how good is KiwiSaver as a superannuation scheme?

Answer: KiwiSaver is a step in the right direction towards ensuring New
Zealanders save for retirement, but it is really targeted to help first home
buyers, so does not do enough. Approved investment schemes under KiwiSaver will
probably be low risk and not specific to the needs of the employees saving.

Question: I'm already in a workplace super scheme. What impact will KiwiSaver
have?

Answer: As an employee, if you already have a workplace scheme then you will
need to check whether it is an approved employer-provided superannuation scheme,
and whether it will therefore enjoy similar tax benefits to KiwiSaver.

As an employer with an existing workplace superannuation scheme, consideration
should be given to applying to have the scheme approved by the Government
Actuary to gain exemption so that the current scheme can be viewed as an
alternative to KiwiSaver.

Both KiwiSaver providers and approved employer provided superannuation schemes
will benefit from the exemptions from SSCWT.

Question: Won't it be best to get the $1000, pay in for a year, and then set up
my own super scheme?

Answer: This would certainly defeat the intention of KiwiSaver legislation, and
would also mean the benefits of tax-free employer contributions and the option
to split contributions to pay mortgages would be foregone.

You need to consider the after tax and after fees returns for the KiwiSaver
scheme and the alternative investment of the funds. If you are confident that
greater net returns can be obtained elsewhere without greater risk, then this is
a viable option.

Question: Will it become compulsory?

Answer: Whilst the Government states that it does not intend to turn KiwiSaver
into a compulsory savings vehicle similar to the Australian superannuation
scheme, there is certainly the ability to do so without a fundamental reworking
of the current structures.

Question: I'm the boss of a small company what will I have to do?

Answer: If you are an employer then you must provide an information pack on
KiwiSaver to new employees when they start.

If a new employee chooses to remain opted in to the KiwiSaver scheme then their
payments will be deducted through the current PAYE processes with IRD.

If an employer wishes to opt out of KiwiSaver they must apply to the Government
Actuary and offer an alternative registered superannuation plan to their
employees.

In providing an alternative superannuation scheme for your employees, keep in
mind that a good scheme will have the flexibility to meet a range of different
requirements:A superannuation scheme should enable employees to continue with
the same retirement savings plan even if they change employers.

A superannuation scheme should enable employees to have individual investment
choices and the ability to choose a strategy that best suits their
needs.Employees and employers should be able to make contributions to a
superannuation scheme.The employer should be able to be part of the
superannuation scheme and have their own plan.

Finally, employees and employers should each take advice and plan for what they
are going to do when July 1 rolls around. I suggest speaking to a chartered
accountant and financial planner so that they can help with the development of a
superannuation plan.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               December 16, 2004

EPA says water managers should be prosecuted

BYLINE: Liam Reid

SECTION: Ireland; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 554 words


The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has said that water scheme operators
which fail to comply with basic standards should be prosecuted for providing
water unfit for human consumption.

The recommendation comes after the EPA's latest drinking water quality report
found that one in four private rural water schemes was contaminated with animal
or human faeces. The water quality in private schemes was of "exceptionally poor
quality".

The annual drinking water quality report for 2003, to be published today, finds
there has been little improvement in water quality for group water schemes,
which provide water to over 200,000 homes.

"It is unacceptable that in 2004 a significant proportion of the population is
still receiving water that is unfit for human consumption," the report says.

For the first year, however, the report separated private group water schemes
from "'public" group schemes which are run by the local authorities.

Less than 4 per cent of the public schemes were seriously contaminated, the
report finds.

Just over 25 per cent of private group schemes were found to have some level of
faecal contamination, while 36.5 per cent had some level of bacterial (coliform)
contamination.

These rates are only a small improvement on the 2002 figures, even though there
has been record levels of investment in water treatment facilities.

This contrasted with large public water schemes which had a 98.7 per cent
compliance rate in terms of faecal coliform contamination.

The level of compliance varied greatly across the country. Sligo County
Council's private schemes had the worst level of contamination with nearly half
of the 15 schemes being contaminated.

The council is upgrading these schemes in a project due to be completed by next
June.

But counties such as Westmeath, Kildare and Longford had 100 per cent compliance
records for their private schemes.

While overall drinking water quality was good, European regulations which came
into force last January, put strict standards on water quality, and required
each negative test result to be investigated.

The report says improvements in group water schemes will have to be accelerated
to meet these new standards. "The exceptionally poor quality of private group
water schemes is clear for all to see," it says.

The report states that local authorities also have powers under the new
regulations to issue directions to schemes with poor water quality.

If the managers of the scheme fail to make the improvements, the scheme
operators can be prosecuted in the District Court.

Mr Jim Moriarty, one of the report's authors, says the high contamination levels
of the private water schemes was "a major concern."

He says that because of the record levels of investment in water infrastructure,
there was no valid explanation for any water scheme to be contaminated with
animal or human waste.

"There isn't really any excuse. "There are sufficient financial packages
available, although it is difficult in fairness to upgrade single schemes one by
one."

While the report finds that public water quality was generally good, it says
there was "a significant number of water schemes that are supplying water of
insufficient standard".

It highlighted problems with colour, nitrate and aluminium levels.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                              789 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 15, 2004, Saturday

NEW-LOOK NATIONAL FALLEN BY STOCK SCHEME UNVEILED

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 756 words


NEW proposals for a National Fallen Stock Scheme have been announced by the
National Fallen Stock Company.

Michael Seals, chairman of the Board, said: "Following the announcement of the
delay in launching of the scheme this spring, we have taken the opportunity to
consult with the farming industry on a new approach which would apply equally to
all livestock sectors and size of farm in a manner that will charge farmers
according to their usage of the scheme."

Mr Seals said that he was pleased that the scheme had received support from the
major livestock organisations throughout the United Kingdom for this approach.

"We have also discussed the principles of our proposals with the collection and
disposal industry. We have now set up a working group with them to discuss the
details of how the collection of fallen stock will work.

"Much work needs to be done between now and the when the scheme is due to start
in the autumn and we know that we will also need to convince the European
Commission that the scheme will comply with State aid rules.

However, with continued goodwill and co-operation of Government and industry we
are confident this can be achieved," he said.

The main elements of the scheme are:

* All livestock farmers will be able to access the Scheme on payment of a
nominal annual registration fee;

* The scheme will operate in a similar manner for all species of farmed
livestock;

* Farmers may choose their preferred approved collector and will pay costs of
collection less the Government contribution by monthly variable direct debit to
the company according to quantity of stock collected over the previous month.

This directly relates cost of scheme to usage by the farmer, limits the scope
for bad debts and reduces administration costs;

* All collectors operating from premises approved under the Animal By-products
regulations may register to join the scheme.

Collectors will be required to provide the company with their proposed charges
and the geographical area in which they propose to operate;

* Payments will be made to collectors by the company;

* Collectors will need to comply with strict biosecurity conditions laid down by
the company.

Welcoming the Board's new proposals, Animal Health Minister, Ben Bradshaw, said:
"I am pleased at the progress the Board has made in delivering a workable
Scheme.

"The Government remains committed to funding the scheme as previously announced
and we look forward to delivery of a successful scheme this autumn."

NFU Scotland has expressed relief that agreement on the National Fallen Stock
Scheme has been reached.

NFUS vice-president, David Mitchell, said: "It is a relief that the scheme has
finally cleared all the political and operational hurdles that have been placed
in front of it.

"The Fallen Stock Company has done a great deal of work to get a scheme up and
running that is as equitable as possible.

"While we fully supported the original scheme, and have been extremely concerned
at the continual delays, we at least have a scheme in place to put an end to
months of uncertainty.

As the flatrate payments could not be approved, I expect the 'pay-as-you-use'
approach to be recognised by our members as the fairest method of charging.

The scheme will be jointly funded for its three first three years by the
Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and devolved administrations.

Organisations consulted on the Board's proposals and which have given their
backing to the scheme including the major farming unions throughout the UK and
those representing the main livestock sectors, including the National Beef
Association, National Sheep Association, National Pig Association, British Egg
Industry Council and the British Poultry Council.

Organisations representing the collection and disposal industry that have been
consulted and will be sitting on the working group include the UK Renderers
Association, Licensed Animal Slaughter and Salvage Association, Regulated
Incinerator Operators and the Master of Foxhounds Association.

DIRECTORS of the National Fallen Stock Company include Walter Elliott OBE, who
farms 160 acres in the Less Favoured Area near Aughnacloy, Co Tyrone.

A member of the Ulster Farmers' Union Executive, he is chairman of the UFU
subsidiary company, Countryside Services.

A former UFU president, he is a Fellow of the Royal Agriculture Society, a
director of Ulster Farmers' Investments Ltd and a director of Linden Foods.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              790 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                      January 27, 2004, Tuesday Edition 1

A good pension scheme attracts and keeps workers, but what can you afford?

BYLINE: By Dorothy Kelly, The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS LOCAL, Pg. 28

LENGTH: 588 words


   More than 10 million people are members of company pension schemes. Business
Link Tyne

Companies are not obliged to set up their own pension schemes but they can be a
good selling point in attracting and retaining employees.

The Government intends to encourage company pensions for employees, but changes
in legislation mean they could become expensive to provide.

There are a number of company [or occupational] pensions available.

Money purchase schemes

Money purchase schemes have become more popular with employers as they involve a
predictable financial commitment. A few things to consider:

* There is no guarantee about the size of the pension an employee will receive.
The pension is based on the money paid in, the growth in pension funds and
annuity rates at the time of retirement.

* Most pensions from money purchase schemes are restricted to two-thirds of
final salary and the tax-free lump sum is usually limited to 2.25 times the
initial pension.

Group personal pensions

Group personal pensions provide an alternative for small and medium-sized
businesses which want to offer pensions to attract and retain employees, but are
daunted by the Pensions Act. As an employer you may wish to consider the
following aspects:

* An individual pension plan is set up for each employee who joins your
business. Both employer and employee can contribute to the plan.

* The pension paid on retirement depends on the contributions paid, the fund's
investment performance, policy charges and annuity rates at retirement.

* Most of the administration and disclosure is handled by the pension provider.

Stakeholder pension

If some employees do not qualify for membership of your company scheme, or if
you do not have a scheme at all, you may have to offer access to a stakeholder
pension at the workplace.

Stakeholder pensions are designed to be simple, secure, cheap arrangements.

You have to designate a scheme and pass details of it on to your employees.

Stakeholder pensions are not classified as occupational schemes and they are
governed by different legislation. As an employer you do not have to contribute
to stakeholder pensions, but may do so if you wish.

Employers with fewer than five employees, or whose employees all earn less than
the lower earning limit, are exempt from offering stakeholder pensions.

Final salary schemes

Final salary schemes have largely been replaced with money purchase schemes for
new employees, as running final salary pension schemes has become expensive for
employers.

Though current schemes remain, it is exceptionally rare for a business to start
a final salary scheme at present, although competitive pressures could reverse
the trend in future. With final salary schemes:

Pensions are based on the final salary at retirement and on how long the
employee has been in the scheme.

Pension payments are financed from the pension "fund", which is usually built up
from employer and employee contributions.

If the scheme's investments under-perform, the employer will usually have to
make increased contributions.

The costs of running a scheme are usually borne by the employer.

Before committing to a pension scheme you should seek further advice from a
professional to find the best option for you and your business.

* For further information on pension schemes, contact your local Business Link
on: [0191] 516-6767 for Tyne , [0191] 374-4000 for County Durham, [01670] 813322
for Northumberland and [01642] 806666 for Tees Valley.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              791 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 16, 2001 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Schemes under scrutiny;
AGRIBUSINESS

BYLINE: Mark Fenton-Jones

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 661 words


The ATO has its eye on the promoters of tax schemes, writes Mark Fenton-Jones.

The complex process involving the recovery of disallowed tax deductions in
mass-marketed, tax-effective agricultural schemes has focused on the methods
that the Australian Taxation Office uses to recover such deductions.

And though the ATO is the whipping boy of disgruntled investors and promoters,
there are signs that more companies which promote these schemes could be called
to account.

Each year, promoters advertise prospectuses offering significant tax benefits.
The investments range from afforestation projects to olive groves and vineyards.

Investors make upfront contributions that cover costs such as initial leasing
and management fees. Projects are usually structured so that most of the
contribution relates to the project's early years to maximise immediate tax
deductibility. Net income or profit is forecast to be realised some years into
the future.

In the ATO's submission to the Senate Economics References Committee inquiry
into mass market, tax-effective schemes, it showed that 57,776 participants in
231 schemes were not entitled to claim $4.3 billion in deductions. A further 45
schemes involving 8,425 participants and deductions of $555 million were under
examination. Significantly, 24,700 investors were sent amended assessments.

The ATO has regularly cracked down on round-robin schemes. These use
non-recourse financing, often in agriculture and afforestation. The schemes use
the paper flow of funds to create the claimed tax deductions through a round
robin of transactions but no cash is generated to fund the underlying activity.
The cashflow is generated by the tax savings with only a small proportion of
this being available to fund the underlying activity.

For example, a person invests $10,000 and claims a tax deduction of up to
$40,000. However, only $1,000 of the $10,000 goes into the project and the rest
goes to scheme promoters.

The ATO began investigating these schemes in the early 1990s but its interest
intensified in 1998 by which time tax deductions had grown to more than $1
billion from $7 million in 1991.

In 1998, the ATO introduced product rulings on prospectus-based schemes that
told investors whether the ATO would accept tax deductions based on the
information provided. The ATO has made about 270 product rulings on the schemes.
Most are in agriculture, the bulk investing in afforestation schemes as well as
vineyards, olives, nuts and coffee. So far this year, 56 schemes have received a
product ruling. Forestry, grain, olives, orchards, gingko and vineyards are all
represented.

Since coming under ATO scrutiny three years ago, a number of schemes have had
their deductions disallowed and investors have had to repay the tax. Last June,
about $50 million in tax deductions claimed by investors in two tea-tree schemes
were disallowed. More recently, the ATO announced that $50 million in deductions
arising from health and welfare benefits tax minimisation schemes were in its
sights.

Towards the end of 2000, Tax Commissioner Michael Carmody warned investors in
primary production tax schemes such as vineyards, tea-tree plantations and olive
groves about repaying or refinancing loans from a tax scheme promoter's finance
company.

Carmody estimated that about 40,000 people had invested in these schemes.
Promoters had targeted airline pilots, mine workers, professionals and "mum and
dad" investors the largest number coming from Western Australia.

Some investors in tax-effective schemes are appealing against ATO rulings that
would force investors to pay back generous tax deductions.

The ATO has agreed to suspend the collection of any tax against investors
lodging objections until the outcome of two test cases, providing there is no
evidence that investors are dissipating their assets to avoid their tax
liability.

It has also announced it will reduce the interest payable on tax debts relating
to some tax-effective schemes.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: SAHLAN HAYES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            March 11, 2000, Saturday

YOUR MONEY: PENSIONS: A ROLLER-COASTER RIDE;
 MONEY-PURCHASE SCHEMES ARE GOOD NEWS FOR EMPLOYERS - BUT EMPLOYEES MIGHT FEEL
DIFFERENTLY

BYLINE: Rachel Fixsen

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1803 words


If your employer runs a pension scheme, you are one of the lucky ones.
Occupational pension schemes give you a far better deal than personal pensions,
mainly because your boss tops up your contributions. However, another great
advantage of workplace pension schemes is slowly disappearing. Final-salary
schemes, which give members the security of knowing exactly how much their
pension will amount to, are giving way to money purchase pensions. With these,
everything hangs on the fortunes of the stockmarket.

About 90 per cent of UK employees in workplace pension schemes are now in final
salary schemes. But already, big employers such as the Post Office, many
high-street banks and pharmaceutical companies Glaxo-Wellcome and SmithKline
Beecham have switched their pension schemes from final-salary to money-purchase.
And research from pension consultants Towers Perrin has revealed that about a
third of major employers intend to make the change.

"Five years ago, nearly every large employer would provide a final-salary scheme
for their employees, but an increasing number are now moving away from
final-salary towards money-purchase," says Lee Jagger, associate at pensions
consultancy Bacon & Woodrow.

What is the difference between the two types of scheme? With a final- salary -
or defined-benefit - scheme the size of income you get when you retire is a
proportion of your earnings at or near retirement. For each year you pay into
the scheme, you receive a guaranteed amount of pension. With a money-purchase
-or defined -contribution - scheme, contributions from you and your employer are
invested, and when you retire the fund that has built up is used to buy an
annuity, or pension income. This type of scheme works in a similar way to a
personal pension plan, except that usually there are additional benefits. These
benefits include life insurance and, most importantly, the fact that the company
itself makes contributions.

However, unlike final-salary schemes, there are no guarantees with a money
-purchase scheme - the income you end up with depends on how the investment
performs.

So, why are employers turning their backs on final-salary schemes? The main
factor is that, under this type of scheme, it is the company which shoulders the
risk. However stocks and shares perform, however high inflation rises and
however long the company's staff live during retirement, the pre-determined
pensions must be paid.

"There is lots of uncertainty for companies in terms of how much it is going to
cost them, though there is certainty for the members," says Mr Jagger.

The collapse of annuity rates in the last few years has shown employers just how
uncertain their pension liabilities can be. Shanti Duggal, head of stakeholder
pensions at Friends Provident, says that, in some cases, funding an employee's
pension is costing pounds 150,000, though the same level of income would have
cost just pounds 100,000 two years ago.

The 1995 Pensions Act - legislation largely prompted by the Maxwell scandal -
required companies to ensure that their pension schemes were adequately funded.

And new accounting rules could make pension liabilities a much less predictable
- and therefore less welcome - item on corporate balance sheets. The Accounting
Standards Board proposes that, under a new standard called FRED 20, pension
funds should reflect the volatility of their market value. At the moment,
smoothed actuarial projections are used which fluctuate less from year to year.

"Surveys we have done indicate that, for finance directors, volatility of cost
is just as important as the absolute cost," says Mr Jagger. "He would much
rather know what he's got to deal with."

Many companies are now cutting their costs, becoming smaller and, in some cases,
splitting apart from larger parent companies. "Downsizing is also having an
effect," says Mr Duggal. "Companies that are downsizing are finding that
final-salary schemes are no longer viable."

Others in the pensions industry say that final-salary schemes no longer suit the
times. The jobs-for-life culture has changed, and people are now taking a
greater responsibility for their own financial welfare. One pensions consultant
says that money-purchase schemes are easier for employees to understand and that
they give a greater sense of ownership.

Obviously there is a bright side to every thing, but the bottom line is that,
with a money-purchase scheme, it is the employee who takes the risk. There is
little employees can do about the change in pension terms. New members will
simply have to take the terms offered, since these are bound to be preferable to
a personal pension plan. In a few cases, members of existing final-salary
schemes may be given the option of switching to a money-purchase scheme. But
they should be clear about the advantages of a final-salary scheme.
"Money-purchase schemes are not second-rate, but the very best would be
final-salary schemes," says Philip Telford, of the Consumers' Association. The
change from final-salary to money-purchase has been at a snail's pace up to now.
But things could be about to hot up. Companies are putting decisions about
pension schemes on ice because of the many Government proposals in the air, but
once new legislation takes effect, the move could be rapid, pension consultants
say. "When the landscape clears, we will see more companies changing their
arrangements," says Mr Jagger. "Our surveys show that 20 per cent of companies
would change their pension arrangements simply because of the accounting
changes."

puzzled about pensions? let our guide answer all your questions

What is a pension?

A scheme which gives you an income when you retire.

But won't I get a state pension when I retire?

Probably. By paying National Insurance contributions, you build up entitlement
to a state pension. But at just pounds 66.75 a week for a single person, it is
not enough for most people. And the Government has made it clear that in future
more people will have to contribute more towards their pension income. So it is
not a particularly wise move to rely on the state pension alone.

What are my options then?

There are two types of private pension - occupational pension schemes offered by
employers, and personal pension plans offered by insurance companies, banks and
other financial service providers. Both types give you huge tax breaks. The
Government boosts your contributions by refunding the income tax you have paid
on that money. This means that for basic rate taxpayers, for every pounds 77 you
contribute, the Inland Revenue pays in another pounds 23. If you pay tax at the
higher rate, the advantage is even greater, with the Revenue adding pounds 40
for every pounds 60 of contributions.

Should I join my employer's scheme?

If you can, this is nearly always the best option. Your employer will make a
contribution on top of the money you pay in. And some schemes are non
-contributory, meaning you don't have to put any money in yourself. So if you
turn down an employer's scheme, you are in effect rejecting a pay rise. But if
you are self-employed, or if your employer does not offer a pension scheme, a
personal pension plan is worth considering.

What is the difference between a final salary scheme and a money purchase
scheme?

Occupational pension schemes are either run on a final salary - or defined
benefit - basis, or on a money purchase - or defined contribution - basis. Final
salary schemes are usually preferable to money purchase schemes because of the
certainty they give, but they are slowly dying out. Final salary schemes promise
you a certain level of pension at retirement, which may be half or two-thirds of
your final salary before retirement. But in a money purchase scheme, you
effectively have your own pension pot. The level of pension you end up with
depends on the contributions made and how the invested pension fund has
performed. It also depends on prevailing rates for annuities. An annuity is a
financial product which gives you an income for life in return for a lump sum.

How does a personal pension plan work?

You make contributions during your working life and the pension provider invests
the money plus the tax relief it attracts. When you retire you can take a
quarter of the fund as a tax-free lump sum and use the rest to buy an annuity.

What happens to all the money I've saved if I die before I retire?

Most pensions, whether occupational or personal, contain a clause providing
dependents with lump sum and/or pension on your death. But what happens if you
have no dependents? Occupational pensions would generally pay a lump sum on
death to your heirs. With a personal pension plan, what happens all depends on
the contract, but in most cases, the fund would be passed on to your heirs. But
once you have bought an annuity, the fund has usually gone for good, and the
annuity can only be paid to you or a dependant.

Do I have to take out a pension? Can't I save up another way?

You can save money for retirement in other ways, and there are advantages to
doing this. For example, you could just save money in an Individual Savings
Account - this is the new tax-free savings and investment account introduced by
the Government last April. Although ISAs don't give you tax relief , they do
allow you to receive income and capital gains free of tax. So while the tax
perks before retirement aren't as good, when you do retire your income will be
tax-free. But overall, the tax advantages of a private pension probably have the
edge because they also let you take part of the fund as a tax-free lump sum at
retirement. A good reason to save for retirement using ISAs, is to have more
control over your money. You can get at it when you want, you are not forced to
buy an annuity, and when you die whatever you still have will be passed on to
your heirs.

With a pension, can I get at the money before I retire?

You can usually start taking a pension from a personal pension plan from age 50,
even if you are still working. But at the moment, you can't generally receive a
pension from an occupational scheme until you stop work. However, this can also
be any age from age 50. Other than this, no, you can't get at the money you've
put into a private pension however dire your circumstances.

How much does a private pension cost?

In an occupational pension scheme, if it is contributory, you would typically
have to pay about five per cent of your salary into the scheme. If you take out
a personal plan, how much you contribute is up to you. It depends how much you
can afford and what level of income you want to have when you stop work. But the
Inland Revenue sets limits on the maximum you can pay into a pension.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd


                              793 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 July 13, 1994

Employers lash out at Government's old age pension proposals ;
Employers against pension proposals

BYLINE: By CARRIE LEE, TIMOTHY CHARLTON and AMY CHEW

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 679 words


THE business community has voiced strong opposition to the Old Age Pension
Scheme proposed in a consultation paper issued yesterday.

Under the scheme, it would be compulsory for every employer and employee to each
contribute 1.5 per cent of the employee's salary to the common fund.

That will be used to pay the monthly pension of $ 2,300 - to be annually
adjusted for inflation - for each qualified person.

While the contribution from the employer will be deducted from taxation, that
from the employee will not.

Expatriate employees, who may not stay permanently in the territory, will also
have to contribute to the scheme.

Employers expect the scheme to lower the competitiveness of the products made by
Hong Kong industries, one employer said.

Eddy Li Sau-hung, president of the China and Hong Kong Economic and Trade
Association, said: ''Manufacturers will transfer to buyers the added labour
costs of 1.5 per cent of employees' pay.''

Another problem for employers will be whether they should abandon their own
provident funds in favour of the Old Age Pension Scheme or implement the two
together.

But many employers may find it technically difficult to abolish at once their
provident funds because they are long-term projects.

Mr Li's firm, Campell Timer, for instance, operates a provident fund into which
both the employer and employee contribute five per cent of the employee's pay,
to be refunded when the employee leaves the company.

He said: ''We can't give up the old scheme. So we'll have to run both schemes at
the same time. That means an employee should now surrender 6.5 per cent of his
pay.

''And that 1.5 per cent going to the Government's pension scheme won't be
refunded when the employee leaves the job. It'll affect employees' living
standards.''

Also, the employer tends to reduce the size of his staff to make up for the
increased labour costs.

That would decrease labour demand in the market and put pressure on pay, Mr Li
said.

''I've asked my staff for their opinion. Nobody is willing to cut another 1.5
per cent from his salary. It is, in fact, a salary tax rise in disguise.''

Business organisations have also rejected the scheme.

Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce chief economist Ian Perkin said the scheme
would prove a costly burden on society.

Apart from the Government's contribution of $ 10 billion as start-up costs, he
said, the scheme was still extremely costly to the entire community.

''The scheme (to which all government resources now devoted to old age allowance
will be transferred) requires far more substantial government subsidy than what
has been provided (to the aged),'' he said.

''This can prove to be a costly burden on Hong Kong society in the longer
term,'' he said.

''For those reasons, we continue to oppose the old age pension scheme,'' he
said, adding the chamber preferred seeing an upgrade or revamp of old age
allowance than the proposed scheme.

Australian Chamber of Commerce chairman Philip Day said individuals should be
given a choice in the type of pension schemes they would like to participate in.

''We much prefer a non-compulsory scheme whereby individuals can choose the old
age pension scheme or private or independent schemes which many companies have
for their employees.''

He said having a compulsory scheme was a step towards a welfare system rather
than old age protection.

''We much prefer a non-compulsory scheme,'' he said.

Some players in the financial field expected the problems of the proposed public
pension scheme would eventually force the Government to scrap it.

Bankers Trust manager Paul O'Donnell said although the proposed legislation was
a move in the right direction the Government would eventually have to go the way
of private funding.

''Every Western economy eventually finds it cannot afford its pension system and
moves towards a self-funding system.''

While Hong Kong might be able to afford the scheme for the next few years, he
said, it might not in one or two generations' time.


LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              794 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Flagship Bhamashah scheme shadows vital health plans

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 462 words


JAIPUR: While promoting Raje government's flagship Bhamashah Health Insurance
Scheme, key schemes, including free medicine and free diagnostic schemes, are
facing deliberate neglect from the government, the NGOs alleged on Thursday.
Ahead of Raj budget speech, an umbrella organisation of NGOs under Jan Swasthya
Abhiyan (JSA), Rajasthan, on Thursday strongly condemned government's indulgence
in privatization of public health facilities. Also, they hit hard on huge
promotion of government's health insurance at the cost of compromising with
other health programmes.

They demanded that the government in state's budget should promote and expand
the universal health schemes rather than encouraging privatisation in health
schemes. They pointed out that the focus of the government has been shifted from
universal health schemes to targeted interventions. "Earlier, the schemes which
were launched for all including free medicine schemes and free diagnostic test
schemes facing ignorance of the government while the government is promoting
targeted intervention schemes such as Bhamashah which is not for all," JSA
office-bearers said. "The government is promoting privatisation in primary
health care services. The government has already released tenders for handing
over 213 PHCs to private agencies to be run under the Public Private Partnership
(PPP) mode," they said.They alleged that this shift has completely taken a toll
on two of the most prominent health schemes of the state, Mukhyamantri Nishulk
Dawa Yojana (MNDY) and Mukhyamantri Nishulk Jaanch Yojana (MNJY), leaving both
the schemes to crumble on their own due to deliberate neglect of the
government.They said, "It has been evident that a lot of resources, human
resources as well as financial, which were supposed to be invested in these two
schemes have now been diverted to sustain other priority schemes of the
government such as Bhamashah. Recently, there have been reports of a slash of
Rs70 crore in the budget for free medicines which is certainly going to do a lot
of damage to the scheme. There are also reports that the data entry operators at
the health facilities who carried out real time entries of prescriptions thus
making it possible to monitor exact availability of medicines at the point of
delivery through the e-Aushadhi software have been removed from most of the
facilities and shifted to other programs."As a result of diversion of resources
distribution of free medicines has been hit hard. "The government must realise
that Bhamashah cannot be seen as a substitute of free medicines and free
diagnostics schemes, and any compromises made in the two schemes may leave many
poor patients deprived of essential medicines and diagnostics," they said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Rs 28b being spent on 1,327 schemes in DG Khan,Rajanpur

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Dec. 9 -- Commissioner Muhammad Yasrab said on Thursday that a huge
sum of Rs 28 billion was being spent on 1,327 development schemes to build
roads, buildings and upgrade irrigation and electricity infrastructure in DG
Khan and Rajanpur districts.

Presiding over a meeting here, he said the process for approval of new
development schemes for the next fiscal year for DG Khan division was in final
stages.

The commissioner said most of buildings completed so far could not be utilised
due to absence of electricity supply while lack of electricity meters and
transformers was a hurdle in provision of basic facilities at schools.

The commissioner asked Wapda officials to ensure installation of electricity
meters and transformers at all the public welfare schemes.

The officials informed commissioner that a sum of Rs 1.144 billion was being
spent on four on-going and two new schemes in Dera Ghazi Khan under Chief
Minister's directive while another Rs 700 million on two on-going and one new
scheme in Rajanpur.

Exactly 37 irrigation schemes in DG Khan division would cost Rs 9.37 billion.
Moreover, 39 provincial highway schemes in DG Khan and Rajanpur would cost Rs
6.23 billion and 72 per cent of work has been completed so far. A sum of Rs
124.3 million was being spent on fourteen development schemes of DG Khan
district government which included eleven road schemes, two school education
schemes and one irrigation scheme.

A sum of Rs 400 million was being spent on fresh construction of 170 dilapidated
schools' buildings which were declared dangerous in 2015-16.

Exactly 211 schemes of provision of basic facilities at schools have been
completed out of total 235 under a Rs 229 million initiative.

A sum of Rs 384.5 million was being spent on reconstruction of 102 dangerous
school buildings in the on-going fiscal year while another Rs 207.7 million were
being spent on 202 schemes for provision of basic facilities at schools.

In district Rajanpur, a sum of Rs 364.7 million was being spent on 274 school
schemes. Under Millennium Development Goals initiative, a sum of Rs 372 million
was being spent on 436 schemes and 161 of them have been completed.

Under ADP-2016-17, a sum of Rs 9.64 billion was being spent on 22 buildings
department schemes, 13 highway schemes, eleven public health engineering schemes
, and nine irrigation schemes.

Additional commissioner coordination Azfar Zia, assistant director planning Anum
Hafeez, superintending engineers Javed Bashir, Sheikh Fazal Karim, Shafaqat
Hussain, assistant director finance Waseem Akhtar Jatoi, Shahzad Qadeer and
other officials were also present

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Medical schemes get stick for brand abuse

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 425  words


Medical schemes get stick for brand abuse

Science and Health Writer

CAPE TOWN - The Council for Medical Schemes is taking aim at scheme
administrators it says are confusing consumers by sharing branding with the
schemes they administer.

It also says some administrators are abusing their access to consumers to sell
them services from other companies within their group.

Among the firms in the crosshairs are Discovery Health and Momentum Medical
Scheme Administrators.

JSE-listed Discovery owns Discovery Health, which administers Discovery Health
Medical Scheme, while MMI Holdings owns Momentum Medical Scheme Administrators,
which administers Momentum Health.

Until recently, a similar arrangement was in place at Liberty Holdings. It owns
Liberty Health, which in turn owns the administrator Vmed, which until less than
a month ago administered Liberty Health Medical Scheme, according to the
council.

Liberty Health Medical Scheme changed its name two weeks ago to LMS Medical Fund
and is now administered by Medscheme.

The three holding companies have subsidiaries selling products such as life
insurance and financial services.

The medical schemes council's head of compliance, Stephen Mmatli, said many
consumers struggled to distinguish between the services offered by their medical
scheme and those provided by their scheme's administrator and the associated
entities owned by the same group.

Mmatli also said the council was concerned about medical scheme data being
abused for the benefit of the group, as it was used to market other products and
services to members.

A draft undesirable business practice declaration was published in the
Government Gazette on August 15 in terms of section 7 of the Financial
Institutions (Protection of Funds) Act and section 61 of the Medical Schemes
Act.

It proposes declaring it an undesirable business practice for an administrator
to use its communications with members to promote products or services that are
not directly related to the business of the scheme.

It also prohibits administrators from using the same brand as the medical scheme
for which it acts without indicating it is the administrator.

Interested parties have 21 days to comment.

Discovery Health and Discovery Health Medical Scheme said they intended to make
submissions. Momentum Health had not responded to a request for comment at the
time of going to press.

Liberty Health said since Liberty Medical Scheme had changed its name to LMS
Medical Fund and was now being administered by Medscheme, the issue did not
apply to it.

kahnt@bdlive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

Rs45b set aside for clean drinking water

BYLINE: Ali Raza

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 103

LENGTH: 574  words


Punjab government has allocated Rs 45 billion, almost double budgetary
allocations for providing adequate and safe drinking water and sanitation
facilities to the entire rural and urban communities across the province during
the year 2016-17.

During the year 2015-16, the allocation for the same services were Rs 24
billion, which were significantly increased this year with 696 ongoing schemes
and 548 new schemes. However, out of the total budgetary allocations of the year
2016-17, Rs 30 billion will be given to Punjab Saaf Pani Company to execute safe
drinking water projects across the province.

Under the ongoing schemes, 58 urban water supply schemes will get around Rs
691.629 million, 128 urban sewerage schemes will get Rs 1534.440 million, 193
rural water supply schemes will get Rs 2201.160 million, 306 rural sewerage
schemes will get Rs 3379.221 million and 11 basic schemes will get Rs 193.550
million. Under the new schemes, 17 urban water supply schemes will get Rs
350.287 million, 32 urban sewerage schemes will get Rs 1208.044 million, 147
rural water supply schemes will get Rs 1332.311 million, 344 rural sewerage
schemes will get Rs 3671.820 million and 08 basic schemes will get Rs 437.538
million.

The white paper claimed that provision of safe drinking water and improved
sanitation in Punjab is the priority of Punjab government. Water Supply and
sanitation sector is catalyst for improving socio-economic circumstances and
raising living standards of community.

Talking about Punjab Saaf Pani Project, the document said that this initiative
is to provide safe and clean water to un-served and underserved rural areas
particularly those of southern Punjab. This will lead to the reduction of water
borne maladies, which ultimately will lead to lower direct and indirect
healthcare costs. To achieve this cherished goal of clean Punjab, the sanitation
component is being equally focused. Mentionable new initiatives taken in the
budget 2016-17 included Saaf Pani initiative, augmentation of sewerage scheme
Sargodha with an estimated cost of Rs 12 billion, comprehensive sewerage scheme
Chinaab Nagar, Chiniot with an estimated cost of Rs 730 million, urban
sewerage/drainage scheme, PCC Slab and Brick Pavement in Bhakkar City with an
estimated cost of Rs 619 million, Mega sewerage scheme Liaqatpur City with an
estimated cost of Rs 500 million, water supply scheme Lalamusa and rural areas
with an estimated cost of Rs 470 million and Multi sectoral nutrition strategy
for WASH including Water Supply, Sanitation, hygiene, waste water treatment,
disposal of solid waste with an estimated cost of Rs 900 million).

Trends of budgetary allocation for water and sanitation sectors showed an upward
trend as in 2010-11 it was Rs 9.5 billion, in 2011-12 it was Rs 10 billion, in
2012-13 it was Rs 9.8 billion, in 2013-14 it was Rs 10.8 billion, in 2014-15 it
was Rs 17.1b, in 2015-16 it was Rs 24 billion and in 2016-17 it was increased to
Rs 45 billion. The government's water and sanitation policy aims to provide safe
drinking water of an adequate quantity at an affordable cost through equitable,
efficient and sustainable services to all citizens. Objectives of this year's
policy were to improve socio economic conditions, to improve health and
nutrition outcome, to raise living standard of the community by providing
quality drinking water and improved sanitation services and to reduce spread of
water borne diseases.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Options and their implications

BYLINE: Ramesh Nair

LENGTH: 751  words


An in-depth look at some of the schemes developers use to attract fence-sitters
in a sluggish market

20:80/ 10:90:10/ 8:92 schemes

The most popular schemes include 20:80, 10:90:10, 8:92 and 5:95 schemes. Also
known as subvention schemes, buyers opting for these are only required to pay an
amount equivalent to the smaller number of the ratio. The rest is funded by a
bank after it has approved the borrower's eligibility.

Equated monthly instalments (EMIs) start either on possession or after such
specific period as mentioned by the developer. Registration of the property is
compulsory in these cases.

In a variant of the above scheme, clients pay 5-10% of their own funds, and the
financial institutions lends up to 70% of the amount, which is
construction-linked. The balance 20% is contributed by the buyer, but EMIs start
immediately upon disbursement of the loan. These schemes have been popular since
the time of their introduction across Mumbai and its extended suburbs. They
remain a good selling tactic for developers; more so in areas with an
over-supply of units in affordable projects. These schemes are particularly
attractive to end users, have been quite successful in swinging irresolute
buyers towards a purchase commitment. Most projects offer these schemes in the
pre-launch or launch stages, and they are a good way for developers to raise
money for construction.

Insight:What buyers need to know while opting for such schemes is that in these,
most developers charge higher per square feet (psf) prices compared to the rates
offered in construction-linked payment schemes. This is because the developers
need to pay interest to banks, and therefore charge customers a premium to
compensate for this.

Without funding variant

A variation of these subvention schemes is the 20:80 scheme without bank
funding. In this, a buyer needs to pay 19.9% of the total contribution, and will
pay the balance 80% on possession or after such specific period as mentioned by
the developer. Registration may or may not be compulsory in these projects. This
scheme appeals to investors and buyers not requiring bank loans. It is popular
with home buyers in premium projects or locations like South Mumbai, who do not
need bank financing to buy their properties. It makes good sense for them to
book and secure a property under this scheme, which would not be available by
the time the project reaches completion. They can also expect appreciation in
prices by the time of possession.

Interest waiver for 12/24 months

In this scheme, buyers get a waiver of EMIs for the stated number of months (12/
24/ 36/ 48), subject to the loan tenure. A bank loan and registration of the
property is compulsory under this scheme.

Insight: This scheme should be studied closely by buyers - in particular, the
interest rates applicable after the interest waiver period must be ascertained.
If the bank charges higher than normal interest rates after the waiver period,
customers should ideally not opt for this scheme unless it for some reason fits
in with their own financial planning.

Lower interest rate for 2-3 years

Buyers opting to book a flat under this scheme get a reduction in interest rate
for two to three years. The interest rate on a housing loan is lower at 7.99%,
for a specific period as offered by the developer under this scheme, as against
the normal prevailing market interest rate. A bank loan and registration are
compulsory.

Insight: Again, buyers need to ascertain the interest rates applicable after the
two-three year period. The catch here is that the banks could charge at
prevalent market rates after the initial period. This may inflate the EMIs far
higher than the borrower expected.

Guaranteed rentals for 2-3 years

The USP of this scheme is that developers offer guaranteed rentals for two to
three years, either until possession or post-possession. This is a scheme meant
to attract investors who are on the market for income-generating assets that
they will not occupy themselves.

Insight: Only  few builders offer this and it has been noted that the lump-sum
amount of 24-36 monthly rentals is actually a discount that the developers give
to their customers. In fact, this is an interesting example of how developers
disguise discounts.

Apart from these schemes, developers are also seen offering waivers on floor
rise price and stamp duty as well as registration cost for limited periods.

Ramesh Nair, COO - Business & International Director, JLL India

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Gold monetisation scheme yields 3 tonnes, govt may tweak it further to lure
investors

BYLINE: ens economic bureau

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Government may further tweak the gold monetisation scheme with retrospective
effect in view of lower collections so far and to make it more attractive for
investors.

Economic affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das met Indian Bullion Association and
jewellery industry representatives for their inputs to make the scheme more
attractive as the scheme has garnered only 3 tonnes of gold, much lower than
expectations.

"In the long term the gold monetisation scheme should succeed. We reviewed the
difficulties in the gold monetisation scheme and took suggestion and now they
are under consideration," Das said after the meeting.

Das said that gold received under the scheme was "lower than expected amount",
adding that temple trusts have "started showing interest in the gold scheme."

Tax concerns have kept households and temples with about 20,000 tonnes of gold
away from the scheme, finance ministry officials said.

"Tweaking the scheme was discussed and it was proposed that changes in the gold
monetisation scheme should be applied retrospectively from the date the scheme
started," a finance ministry official said.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched the gold scheme last year to
incentivise households and temples to invest idle gold and to curb physical
demand for gold, which forms the second highest constituent of India's import
bill after crude oil. The government has already proposed tax exemption from
capital gains for depositors under the gold monetisation scheme.

The scheme was fine tuned in January allowing premature redemption, commission
to bankers and depositors being allowed to go directly to the refiner rather
than only through collection and purity testing centres. The government had also
announced sale of gold bonds along with monetisation scheme in a bid to reduce
the demand for gold.

Earlier this month, the government opened the third tranche of bonds. The
government had launched the first tranche of sovereign gold bond scheme in
November for which it got subscription for 915.95 kg of gold worth Rs 246 crore.
In January, it came out with the second tranche and received subscription for
3,071 kg gold amounting to Rs 798 crore.

Under the scheme, gold bonds are issued in denominations of 5 grams, 10 grams,
50 grams and 100 grams for a term of 5-7 years with a rate of interest to be
calculated on the value of the metal at the time of investment. The scheme has
an annual cap of 500 grams per person.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Govt announces details of new insurance, pension schemes

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 2 -- The Finance Ministry has announced detailed guidelines for
three social security schemes announced in the Budget. Though anyone can enrol
in these schemes, it mainly aims to cover workers of unorganised sectors besides
the poor and vulnerable sections of the society.


 Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana
 This scheme is mainly for accidental death insurance cover for up to Rs 2 lakh.
Here are the key details:
 Eligibility: Available to people in age group 18 to 70 years with bank account.

 Premium: Rs.12 per annum.
 Payment Mode: The premium will be directly auto-debited by the bank from the
subscribers account. This is the only mode available.
 Risk Coverage: For accidental death and full disability - Rs 2 lakh and for
partial disability - Rs.1 lakh.
 Joining the scheme: Any person having a bank account and Aadhaar number linked
to the bank account can give a simple form to the bank every year before June 1
in order to join the scheme. Name of nominee to be given in the form.
 Terms of Risk Coverage: A person has to opt for the scheme every year. He can
also prefer to give a long-term option of continuing in which case his account
will be auto-debited every year by the bank.
 Who will implement this scheme?: The scheme will be offered by all public
sector general insurance companies and all other insurers who are willing to
join the scheme and tie-up with banks for this purpose.
 Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana
 This scheme aims to provide life insurance cover.
 Eligibility: Available to people in the age group of 18 to 50 and having a bank
account. People who join the scheme before completing 50 years can, however,
continue to have the risk of life cover up to the age of 55 years subject to
payment of premium.
 Premium: Rs 330 per annum. It will be auto-debited in one instalment.
 Payment Mode: The payment of premium will be directly auto-debited by the bank
from the subscribers account.
 Risk Coverage: Rs 2 lakh in case of death for any reason.
 Terms of Risk Coverage: A person has to opt for the scheme every year. He can
also prefer to give a long-term option of continuing, in which case his account
will be auto-debited every year by the bank.
 Who will implement this Scheme?: The scheme will be offered by Life Insurance
Corporation and all other life insurers who are willing to join the scheme and
tie-up with banks for this purpose.
 Atal Pension Yojana
 Ministry said that 'Swavalamban' Scheme launched in 2010-11 does talk about
pension coverage but it considers this as inadequate mainly due to lack of
clarity of pension benefits at the age after 60. It hopes that Atal Pension
Yojana will remove these difficulties. The new scheme will focus on individuals
in the unorganised sector, who join the National Pension System (NPS) and who
are not members of any statutory social security scheme. The scheme would be
launched on June 1.
 Under the scheme, the subscribers would receive the fixed pension of Rs 1,000,
2,000, 3,000, 4,000 or 5,000 at the age of 60 years, depending on their
contributions. The contributions would vary on the age of joining the scheme.
The minimum age of joining APY is 18 years and maximum age is 40 years.
Therefore, minimum period of contribution by the subscriber under APY would be
20 years or more.
 The benefit of fixed pension would be guaranteed by the Government. The Central
Government will also co-contribute 50% of the subscriber's contribution or Rs
1,000 per annum, whichever is lower, to each eligible subscriber account, for a
period of 5 years, that is, from 2015-16 to 2019-20, who join the NPS before
December 31 this year and who are not income-tax payers. The existing
subscribers of Swavalamban Scheme would be automatically migrated to new scheme,
unless they opt out.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Moi University Pension Scheme setting up tallest building in Eldoret

BYLINE: DENNIS LUBANGA -1

LENGTH: 539  words


The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

The Moi University Pension Scheme has embarked on a landmark project which is
set to give Eldoret town a new skyline with a 26-storey sky scrapper.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Should you buy new funds or old ones?

LENGTH: 1133  words

DATELINE: India


India, April 4 -- Fund houses may not be launching big bang new fund offers
(NFOs) these days, like the ones we saw in the years between 2003 and 2007, but
NFOs are indeed back on the mutual fund (MF) street. Twenty-eight equity schemes
were launched in 2013 that collected a total of about '2,700 crore, up from just
10 schemes that collected '550 crore a year before that. If the forthcoming Lok
Sabha elections turn up a result that's perceived to be positive for growth,
there are chances that equity markets may touch new highs. And this might bring
more NFOs. But should you even be looking at NFOs or are you better off with
existing schemes? Is it unique? The first and probably the only thing you should
consider about an NFO is how unique it is. Ask if the NFO is different from any
of the other existing MF schemes that are available at that moment. "Either the
strategy or the theme has to be different; it has to be well differentiated,
both in the overall market and also within the fund house," said Nishant
Agarwal, senior director and head of products and family office advisory, ASK
Wealth Advisors.

Agarwal cites the cases of global equity funds as unique-these are fund of funds
schemes that invest their entire proceeds in international schemes that are run
by their international parent firms abroad. For instance, earlier this year in
January, Religare Invesco Asset Management Co. Ltd and JP Morgan Asset
Management (India) Ltd launched feeder funds in India that collected money here
and then invested in their international MF schemes in Europe. Deutsche Asset
Management (India) Ltd converted its DWS Global Thematic Offshore Fund, an
existing fund of funds scheme at the time, into DWS Top Euroland Offshore Fund.
New fund house Just because a new fund house has launched a scheme doesn't make
the NFO very different. Such fund houses aim to build their product suite and
launch plain-vanilla diversified equity schemes that might resemble others in
the market. "For fund houses like us, our product bouquet is important. We still
need to launch some more schemes to complete our suite for different market
segments," said G. Pradeepkumar, chief executive officer, Union KBC Asset
Management Co. Pvt. Ltd, which was launched in 2011. In countries such as the
US, new schemes aren't allowed to collect money directly from investors at the
time of their launch. Fund houses need to invest about $100,000 of their own
money as seed capital in all their schemes, build a track record based on this,
and then open the schemes to investors. Here in India, new schemes directly go
to investors and ask them to invest money. Does that mean you should avoid new
fund houses altogether?

Typically yes, but you can make exceptions. If the sponsor comes with a strong
brand name and a good track record, it's possible that the new fund house,
despite no track record, can perform well in the long run. For instance, when
Axis Asset Management Co. Ltd launched in December 2009, its parent Axis Bank
Ltd was a strong name in the banking industry already. The MF itself, in a short
span, has turned in impressive results; two of its equity schemes are already in
the Mint50 (Mint's basket of 50 schemes that we recommend to our readers.) High
commissions One of the reasons, industry observers say, behind a plethora of
closed-end schemes being launched is high commissions that they pay to
distributors. To be sure, fund houses pay upfront and trail fees to
distributors. Some pay only trail fees. As a ballpark, fund industry officials
say that equity funds pay 75-100 basis points (bps) as upfront commission and
another 50 bps as trail fees. Debt funds pay 50-75 bps as upfront charges and
40-50 bps as trail fees. One basis point is a hundredth of a percentage point.
While upfront fees are paid to distributors at the time of launch, trail fees
are paid to distributors for as long as the investor stays invested. Since
closed-end funds come with a fixed tenor, investors cannot exit before the
maturity period.

That's why some fund houses prefer to pay the subsequent years' trail fees at
the start of the scheme's tenor, popularly known as "upfronting commissions" in
MF parlance. Between the years of 2012 till date, 26 closed-end schemes were
launched that collected about '2,626 crore, as against 30 open-ended schemes
that collected about '1,500 crore. Upfronting trail fees can have serious
consequences, as it happened when some fund houses had launched the Rajiv Gandhi
Equity Saving Scheme last year for the first time. Mint was the first
publication to report the trend (http://tinyurl.com/agpbr4u).

Some fund houses had privately claimed to us at the time that they earned very
little or nothing on such schemes to push their sales. Pradeepkumar claims that
upfronting as a concept "is okay when somebody sells a closed-end fund as
investors' money gets locked in and if fund houses can work out a payment
structure that's not harmful to anyone". "But fund houses should not suffer a
loss. We don't do that kind of upfronting where we run a loss on the scheme that
we manage and sell," he added. Sharper focus We haven't yet seen a barrage of
NFOs hit the market like in the olden days on account of poor market sentiment,
but two things have happened in recent years that had a say in the controlled
number of NFOs. Firstly, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), has
been known to be selective in giving approvals to fund houses to launch new
schemes.

Secondly, many closed-end equity schemes are coming up with sharper focus; pay
out dividends (and return profits as and when they happen) and close the scheme
and redeem investor's money once the tenor is over. Recent closedend scheme
launches by IDFC Asset Management Co. Ltd and ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Co. Ltd, for instance, had stated in their offer documents that they would not
convert the schemes into open-ended ones after their respective tenors are over.
"Our whole idea was to offer portfolios that would not replicate our existing
portfolios. We don't want our closed-end schemes to live beyond their tenors,
otherwise after, say, three or five years, we'll end up having plenty of schemes
and they'll all look similar.

These are thematic funds with a finite life and we are happy with that," said
Kalpen Parekh, chief executive officer, IDFC Asset Management. Whether the
industry has learnt from its past mistakes is too soon to tell, but with Sebi's
tight monitoring and a sense of maturity in some sections of the industry, your
choice today isn't as tough as it was in the previous bull run.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Should you buy new funds or old ones?

LENGTH: 1133  words

DATELINE: India


India, April 4 -- Fund houses may not be launching big bang new fund offers
(NFOs) these days, like the ones we saw in the years between 2003 and 2007, but
NFOs are indeed back on the mutual fund (MF) street. Twenty-eight equity schemes
were launched in 2013 that collected a total of about '2,700 crore, up from just
10 schemes that collected '550 crore a year before that. If the forthcoming Lok
Sabha elections turn up a result that's perceived to be positive for growth,
there are chances that equity markets may touch new highs. And this might bring
more NFOs. But should you even be looking at NFOs or are you better off with
existing schemes? Is it unique? The first and probably the only thing you should
consider about an NFO is how unique it is. Ask if the NFO is different from any
of the other existing MF schemes that are available at that moment. "Either the
strategy or the theme has to be different; it has to be well differentiated,
both in the overall market and also within the fund house," said Nishant
Agarwal, senior director and head of products and family office advisory, ASK
Wealth Advisors.

Agarwal cites the cases of global equity funds as unique-these are fund of funds
schemes that invest their entire proceeds in international schemes that are run
by their international parent firms abroad. For instance, earlier this year in
January, Religare Invesco Asset Management Co. Ltd and JP Morgan Asset
Management (India) Ltd launched feeder funds in India that collected money here
and then invested in their international MF schemes in Europe. Deutsche Asset
Management (India) Ltd converted its DWS Global Thematic Offshore Fund, an
existing fund of funds scheme at the time, into DWS Top Euroland Offshore Fund.
New fund house Just because a new fund house has launched a scheme doesn't make
the NFO very different. Such fund houses aim to build their product suite and
launch plain-vanilla diversified equity schemes that might resemble others in
the market. "For fund houses like us, our product bouquet is important. We still
need to launch some more schemes to complete our suite for different market
segments," said G. Pradeepkumar, chief executive officer, Union KBC Asset
Management Co. Pvt. Ltd, which was launched in 2011. In countries such as the
US, new schemes aren't allowed to collect money directly from investors at the
time of their launch. Fund houses need to invest about $100,000 of their own
money as seed capital in all their schemes, build a track record based on this,
and then open the schemes to investors. Here in India, new schemes directly go
to investors and ask them to invest money. Does that mean you should avoid new
fund houses altogether?

Typically yes, but you can make exceptions. If the sponsor comes with a strong
brand name and a good track record, it's possible that the new fund house,
despite no track record, can perform well in the long run. For instance, when
Axis Asset Management Co. Ltd launched in December 2009, its parent Axis Bank
Ltd was a strong name in the banking industry already. The MF itself, in a short
span, has turned in impressive results; two of its equity schemes are already in
the Mint50 (Mint's basket of 50 schemes that we recommend to our readers.) High
commissions One of the reasons, industry observers say, behind a plethora of
closed-end schemes being launched is high commissions that they pay to
distributors. To be sure, fund houses pay upfront and trail fees to
distributors. Some pay only trail fees. As a ballpark, fund industry officials
say that equity funds pay 75-100 basis points (bps) as upfront commission and
another 50 bps as trail fees. Debt funds pay 50-75 bps as upfront charges and
40-50 bps as trail fees. One basis point is a hundredth of a percentage point.
While upfront fees are paid to distributors at the time of launch, trail fees
are paid to distributors for as long as the investor stays invested. Since
closed-end funds come with a fixed tenor, investors cannot exit before the
maturity period.

That's why some fund houses prefer to pay the subsequent years' trail fees at
the start of the scheme's tenor, popularly known as "upfronting commissions" in
MF parlance. Between the years of 2012 till date, 26 closed-end schemes were
launched that collected about '2,626 crore, as against 30 open-ended schemes
that collected about '1,500 crore. Upfronting trail fees can have serious
consequences, as it happened when some fund houses had launched the Rajiv Gandhi
Equity Saving Scheme last year for the first time. Mint was the first
publication to report the trend (http://tinyurl.com/agpbr4u).

Some fund houses had privately claimed to us at the time that they earned very
little or nothing on such schemes to push their sales. Pradeepkumar claims that
upfronting as a concept "is okay when somebody sells a closed-end fund as
investors' money gets locked in and if fund houses can work out a payment
structure that's not harmful to anyone". "But fund houses should not suffer a
loss. We don't do that kind of upfronting where we run a loss on the scheme that
we manage and sell," he added. Sharper focus We haven't yet seen a barrage of
NFOs hit the market like in the olden days on account of poor market sentiment,
but two things have happened in recent years that had a say in the controlled
number of NFOs. Firstly, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), has
been known to be selective in giving approvals to fund houses to launch new
schemes.

Secondly, many closed-end equity schemes are coming up with sharper focus; pay
out dividends (and return profits as and when they happen) and close the scheme
and redeem investor's money once the tenor is over. Recent closedend scheme
launches by IDFC Asset Management Co. Ltd and ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Co. Ltd, for instance, had stated in their offer documents that they would not
convert the schemes into open-ended ones after their respective tenors are over.
"Our whole idea was to offer portfolios that would not replicate our existing
portfolios. We don't want our closed-end schemes to live beyond their tenors,
otherwise after, say, three or five years, we'll end up having plenty of schemes
and they'll all look similar.

These are thematic funds with a finite life and we are happy with that," said
Kalpen Parekh, chief executive officer, IDFC Asset Management. Whether the
industry has learnt from its past mistakes is too soon to tell, but with Sebi's
tight monitoring and a sense of maturity in some sections of the industry, your
choice today isn't as tough as it was in the previous bull run.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Pune Edition

Economics over heart: Few take up govt scheme to treat poor patients

BYLINE: Umesh Isalkar TNN

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 816 words



HIGHLIGHT: Only 15 Hospitals Empanel For State Scheme,Say Govt Rates
'Impractical'


Pune: Most private charitable hospitals in Pune city have refused to participate
in the state government's new health scheme - the Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Arogya
Yojana (RGJAY) for the poor and needy - citing the treatment rates the state has
offered to them as "impractical" and "ridiculously low".City hospital
administrators said the state's rates as offered under the scheme do not even
cover their material cost.The scheme offers free treatment for 972 procedures to
those who fall in the below poverty line category.There is an annual ceiling of
Rs 1.5 lakh per family on treatment.The public health department,led by state
health minister Suresh Shetty,had launched the scheme on a pilot basis in eight
districts last July.It was extended to the entire state on November 21,2013.Of
550 hospitals in Pune city,only 15 have empanelled for the scheme so far,of
which two are state-run hospitals."The health scheme has been drafted without
consulting healthcare providers.There should have been a thorough discussion
with the hospitals to understand major cost factors like cost of
medicine,manpower and several other overheads which are already a burden on
hospitals," said George Eapen,chief executive officer (CEO) of Jehangir
Hospital.Hospital authorities say that the state is full of such subsidised
schemes and the government is not supporting any of them."If the scheme is not
reviewed with the hospitals for an upward revision of tariff,the scheme may fail
soon," Eapen said.There are other issues as well.Bomi Bhote,chief executive
officer (CEO) of Ruby Hall Clinic said,"The scheme covers all pre-existing
diseases and is openended.The rates offered for various procedures are
ridiculously low and do not even cover the cost of material and implants." Bhote
also pointed out other issues,which empanelled hospitals will have to deal with
under the scheme."In the event of patient's death,the empanelled hospitals are
asked to bear carriage charges for the body.Besides,the empanelled hospital has
to compulsorily hold one camp per week in districts currently under the scheme
.All out-patient department (OPD) services have to be provided free to the
beneficiaries under the scheme." Explaining how charges offered to private
hospitals for treating poor patients under the scheme are low,Bhote said,"The
rates include all pre- and postinvestigations,medicines post discharge for up to
10 days.Packages offered for medical management under the scheme will not even
cover the bed charges." Initially,hospitals in Pune had shown interest in
implementing the scheme,but it soon fizzled out when they were confronted with
other aspects of the scheme at a later stage."Initially,our hospital had shown
keen interest in the Rajeev Gandhi Jeevandayi Arogya Yojana since it was
announced.Despite the fact that the rates offered are low,we,as a group,had
decided to participate in it for a social cause.But,at the last moment we were
told we will be paid only 75% to 85% of our rates under the health scheme,hence
we declined," said Soham Bhatawadekar,manager (operations ) of Sahyadri Group of
Hospitals.As per high court orders,a charitable hospital must reserve 10% of the
beds for below poverty line families for free treatment and 10% for above
poverty line families and charge them 50% of the treatment cost."Now,in
addition,the government has been pressing for participation in the new scheme
.Before announcing such a scheme state government should have consulted private
hospitals rather than announcing and forcing the scheme on them," said surgeon
Dhananjay Kelkar,medical director of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital.National
Institute of Ophthalmology (NIO) is one of the 15 hospitals in Pune that has
accepted the government rates and is empanelled to implement it."Poor patients
coming for trauma related retinal surgery cannot afford the cost of surgery at a
private set-up.The surgery costs around Rs 40,000 at a private hospital and
government rate for retinal surgery under the RGJAY is Rs 12,000.We want to
treat these patients.Hence,we have decided to go for government rates.However,we
have requested the state health department for revision of charges as they are
too low," said eye surgeon Adity Kelkar of NIO.When contacted Vaibhav
Gaikwad,Pune district nodal officer of RGJAY said,"The process of empanelling
private hospitals is currently on.As many as 15 hospitals have so far been
empanelled in Pune and 60 to 70 hospitals have shown willingness.The scrutiny of
rest of the hospitals is underway.Once it is done,the shortlisted hospitals are
given gradation and charges of different medical procedures are fixed as per
their grade.Once a hospital has accepted the rates,it gets empanelled." Of the
15 hospitals which have so far been empanelled,13 are private hospitals and two
hospitals - District Hospital,Aundh and Sassoon Hospital - are state government
run hospitals.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 17, 2012 Sunday

Pakistan: Rules' violations: Cases against owners of housing schemes

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 17 -- The Lahore Development Authority on Monday submitted
applications to the police for lodging criminal cases against the owners of two
private housing schemes, situated on Multan Road and Ferozepur Road, for
violating rules and regulations.

The applications were submitted by the LDA authorities against the owners of
River Edge Housing Scheme (Multan Road) and Pak Arab Housing Scheme (Ferozepur
Road) for extending the scheme against the approved scheme plan/map,
constructing a road on the graveyard's land and committing other violations.

The officials concerned also challaned a number of other schemes during its
ongoing drive against the developers involved in violating relevant laws.
Besides finalizing recommendations for improving the existing laws pertaining to
private housing schemes, the LDA also demolished gates and site offices of four
illegal housing schemes on Ferozepur Road.

The LDA administration has warned the buyers/investors to verify legal status of
residential schemes as well as plots before making any investment in the real
estate business.

According to officials, the LDA launched crackdown against illegal housing
schemes in view of the increasing public complaints regarding sale of mortgaged
plots and public utility sites by the private developers, extension in the area
of the schemes without getting approval from the LDA and alterations in the
approved layout plans of the private schemes.

For approval of any private housing scheme, the authorities have strictly
directed the developers to follow Punjab Private Housing Schemes and Land
Sub-division Rules 2010. No housing scheme will be approved by the LDA until
completion of the entire legal formalities. As far as the transfer of plots in
private housing schemes is concerned, the LDA will not be a party to the sale/
purchase of plots that have no legal record, the officials said. They said the
LDA had set up a special counter at its One Window-Cell in Johar Town office for
providing necessary information regarding plots of approved private housing
societies.

Staff of the Metropolitan Planning Wing of LDA has been deputed at this counter
for responding to public queries and verifying particulars of plots being sold
by these housing schemes.

They said the LDA was also informing the public through public notices that they
should avoid buying any plot which was not a part of the approved scheme plan.
In this regard, a separate section had been created in the LDA official website.

DIRECTORATE: The LDA commercialisation directorate on Friday sealed 14
buildings, including three private schools and two car showrooms, in various
areas of the city for not getting permission to do commercial business.

The buildings sealed by the authorities are situated along Maulana Shoukat Ali
Road, Green Nursery Road and Expo Centre Road in Johar Town.

CATTLE EVICTION: In it ongoing drive against keeping cattle/animals by the
people in city areas, the towns' administration on Friday claimed to have
evicted as many as 76 cattle from urban jurisdiction of the provincial
metropolis.

The towns' administrations also imposed a fine of Rs41,000 on cattle owners for
violating the government instructions in this regard.

ACTION: The food department of the CDGL inspected as many as 347 hotels,
marriage halls, sweets and bakers and other shops during the last two days and
imposed a fine of Rs63,500 for selling substandard and unhygienic food items
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday

Contaminated water puts at risk Pindiites' lives

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 23 -- Around 80 percent water supply schemes in Rawalpindi are
providing contaminated water, thus leaving the people at the risk of serious
diseases like hepatitis, jaundice and diarrhoea.

The outcome of the technical assessment survey of water supply schemes,
conducted in the domains of seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed
that water supply schemes are providing piped water for drinking purposes, to
meet household needs and for other multiple uses to an enumerated population of
1.4 million people on 385 surveyed water schemes.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources (
PCRWR) has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of providing
water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality, is extremely poor.

This inability and inefficiency may be judged from the fact that 38 percent of
the schemes are presently not functioning. As a result, nearly 60 percent of the
total enumerated population remains unserved by the water supply schemes.

Talking to , PCRWR Spokeswoman Lubna Naheed said lack of proper management,
operation and maintenance of the water systems was one of the critical issues of
the water supply schemes in the district.

On the overall, 68 percent of the total 148 non-functional schemes have been
found as temporarily closed while 32 percent are permanently closed.

For the temporarily non-functional water schemes at present, the common problem
encountered in these schemes is a complex of various institutional, financial
and technological issues.

The survey shows that the identified reasons for the temporarily closure of
schemes arelack of repair of mechanical and electrical components, missing
transformers, breakage and damage in water distribution systems, insufficient
water at source and communal disputes on collection of funds.

PCRWR Chairman Dr Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent of the water
sources of the functional schemes was unsafe for drinking purposes and 75
percent of these schemes with unsafe water had the microbiological
contamination.

The quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution
systems, indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water, which
is unsafe for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water,
which has microbiological contamination, he said.

The survey manifests that awareness about the hazards of the unsafe drinking
water and the importance of safe drinking water is totally negligible.

There appears no concept regarding use of safe water for drinking purposes among
the general public and the managers of water supply schemes.

The PCRWR spokeswoman said many flaws had been found in the design of water
supply schemes. It appears that water distribution systems have not been
designed for simple, trouble-free operation and be capable of being operated and
maintained by local manpower, she added.

In a large number of schemes, where water is obtained from surface sources such
as streams and nullahs, the source is located at a considerable distance from
the locality.

But neither proper size motors have been provided for pumping water, nor any
arrangement has been made for booster pumping and overhead tanks.

The PCRWR chairman said it necessitated a programme of rehabilitation coupled
with redesigning of water supply schemes in the district and the priority should
be given to the older schemes. The remedial work should be based on the
estimation of present and future water requirement for the increasing
population, he said. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              July 11, 2011 Monday

Jaya replaces DMK regime insurance scheme

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, July 11 -- Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday announced
a new medical insurance scheme, replacing the DMK regime's Kalaignar Insurance
Scheme (offering free medical service to those with annual income below Rs
72,000), which would cover a family with a maximum benefit of Rs 4 lakh for four
years.

Drawing a comparison between her scheme and that of her predecessor M
Karunanidhi, Jayalalithaa in a statement said: "Under the new scheme, a family
can avail medical benefits to a maximum of Rs. 4 lakh for four years while it
was Rs 1 lakh for four years according to the previous scheme."

She also pointed out that under the new scheme 950 types of medical treatment
would be covered while under the previous scheme 642 types of treatment were
covered. She also alleged that Karunanidhi's (without naming it) was only
benefiting private insurance firms and private hospitals.

Apart from the Rs 4 lakh per family for four years, she also announced that
under the new scheme Rs 1.50 lakh has been allotted for specific diseases.

Claiming that the Kalaignar scheme did not fulfil the health needs of the people
completely, she said that the expenses of tests prior and after surgeries would
be covered under the new schemes, which were lacking in the scheme of the
previous government.

The new scheme would be expanded to government hospitals for better delivery of
medical services. Certain treatments, she said, would be available only in
government hospitals under the new scheme. "Special wards would be opened for
this so that more people can make use of government hospitals," she added.

However, it would take some time for her government to introduce the new scheme.
Till such time, she said, status quo would continue (availing assistance under
the previous government scheme) for life-saving treatments in private hospitals.
She said that her government would pay expenses for these treatments directly to
the respective hospitals.

Jayalalithaa's announcement follows the promise in the Governor's address on
June 3 that a medical scheme aimed at quality medical service would be launched
scrapping the Kalaignar Health Insurance Scheme. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday

Haryana earmarks Rs 40.98 cr for flood control this fiscal

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 581  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Haryana government will spend Rs 40.98 crore during the current financial year
under Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC) and a sum of Rs 22.64 crore has been
proposed under  Nabard schemes to be executed in the state.

This was revealed in a meeting presided over by the irrigation minister Ajay
Singh Yadav to discuss the  schemes of irrigation department and flood
protection schemes to be  executed during the current financial year in the
state.

Yadav said a sum of Rs 123.75 crore would be spent under the GFCC schemes during
the year 2011-12. He said that flood  control works  were going on in the state
under GFCC in districts of Yamunangar, Karnal, Faridabad and Palwal and a sum of
Rs nine crore  had already been incurred on these ongoing schemes.

Yadav said under various schemes including  flood schemes, the Haryana
government had proposed a sum of Rs 141.11 crore to be incurred in the state
upto March 31, 2011.

While referring to schemes of Nabard going on in the state, he said five
schemes costing Rs 114 crores  were going on and a sum of Rs 22.64 crore would
be incurred on these schemes. He said Rs 121.16 crore had already been incurred
under various schemes including Nabard, Flood Control and GFCC schemes from
April 1,2010 to  October 31,2010.

He said Haryana irrigation department proposes to incur a sum of about Rs 321
crore under various schemes of the department  during  next financial year. He
said a number of schemes had been envisaged in the state to contain the havoc of
floods. He directed the irrigation department to strengthen the embankments of
all canals and  minors in the state to check the further erosion of land.

Yadav directed that special steps should be taken to execute the ongoing schemes
in Ambala, Fatehabad, Sirsa and Kaithal districts  where maximum loss had
occurred due to the flood furry. He said studs would be constructed at village
Kalesar and bund would be constructed at village Belgarh to check the erosion in
the Yamuna  river. He said a number of schemes costing Rs 67.15 crore had been
mooted for the Yamuna Nagar district.

Yadav said the schemes costing Rs 23.73 crore  had also been prepared for the
Sonipat district to check the flood furry and erosion of land. He directed the
engineer-in-chief that steps should be taken to construct wide bund so that the
land of  farmers could be saved from the flood. He also directed that maximum
schemes should be prepared under GFCC.

Yadav said 11 schemes had been chalked out for district Bhiwani and directed the
authorities to complete the ongoing schemes in district Bhiwani and Jhajjar. He
said that the capacity of Jhajjar drain was also being increased from 115 cusecs
to 185 cusecs at a cost of Rs 3.42 crore. Also, 19 pump houses were being
proposed in district Jhajjar at a cost of Rs 9.49 crore to drain out the flood
water.

The engineer-in-chief, Harmal Singh apprised the minister that a scheme to
divert flood water from Nagal area through SYL canal and Narwana branch costing
Rs 10 crore had been envisaged. The embankment of Yamuna river would also be
strengthened to check the erosion of land. He apprised Yadav that the capacity
of Kaithal drain was also being increased. He said the capacity of Rangoi Kharif
Channel would be increased from 500 cusecs  to 675 cusecs to meet the demand of
the farmers.

Engineer-in-chief assured the minister that all ongoing schemes of the
department would be completed on time keeping in view the interest of the
forming community.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Schemes may be good or even bad

BYLINE: Gene Owens

SECTION: LIFE; BUCK'S ENGLISH; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 268 words


Peter Keltch often listens to BBC News and hears references to health-insurance
schemes, education schemes and planning schemes without implying that there's
anything devious about them.

Yet his dictionary gives one definition of "scheme" as "a secret or devious
plan; a plot."

"I do not remember hearing Americans use 'scheme' this way," he told Buck. "It
seems we hear of a scheme and automatically think there's some conspiracy or
skullduggery. Are we getting away from the primary meaning of this word?"

It's true that ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes and other dubious schemes have
given the word a bad name, but the Latin root meant simply an arrangement or
figure. Today, you can scheme innocently or with bad things in mind.

Cambridge International Dictionary of English defines the noun first as "an
officially organized plan or system," which is how the BBC generally uses it. It
then gives the definition Peter hears more often in Oklahoma: "a plan for
getting an advantage for yourself, especially by deceiving others." "Scheme"
became an English word about 450 years ago, and its meaning remains two-faced.
An Ira Gershwin lyric has a suitor claiming to "scheme just for the sight of"
his lady love.

"I just came up with a new scheme for decorating my parlor," Miss Lulabelle
said.

"Betty Jean Hackberry is always scheming to go to Bricktown with Milford
Birdsong behind the back of her boyfriend, Thurmond Barnswallow," Floyd said.

Send questions for Buck to Gene Owens, 315 Lakeforest Circle, Anderson, SC
29625, or e-mail him at Bucks English@aol.com Please let Buck know what town
you're from.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Top Midlands pension schemes' pounds 6bn fund gap

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 596 words


The 11 biggest company pension schemes in the Midlands face a funding gap of
nearly pounds 6 billion, a new study has revealed.

The figures highlight how much funds suffered in a "torrid" 2008, said Hymans
Robertson, a firm of actuaries and advisers which yesterday published the first
Midlands Pension Index.

Taking the region's top 11 listed companies by market capitalisation, the study
shows they had estimated total pension assets of about pounds 12.5 billion on
December 31 last year.

But that was nearly pounds 6 billion short of the amount they need in order to
meet their long-term liabilities, according to Rob Harper, head of Hymans
Robertson's Birmingham office.

"By shortfall, we mean the difference between the expected cost of providing
members with the pensions that they have been promised and the amount of money
that the pension scheme has," he said. "If the pension scheme has more money
than it is expected to need then it is said to be in surplus."

The companies studied by Hymans Robertson range from Cadbury Schweppes, with
estimated scheme assets of pounds 2.3 billion, to brewer and pub operator
Martson's, with pounds 300 million.

The report says that, in line with all UK pension schemes, the financial health
of these Midlands schemes is volatile with the total shortfall widening from
pounds 2.3 billion on January 1 last year to pounds 5.7 billion by the year end.

James Mullins, senior actuary at Hymans Robertson, said: "The credit crisis and
financial turmoil since September has meant that 2008 was a torrid year for
pension schemes. Since the start of 2008, the combined pension scheme shortfall
for some of the biggest Midlands-based pension schemes hasmore than doubled.
This is largely because stock markets (where these pension schemes invest most
of their money) fell by about 30 per cent during 2008. The turmoil in the
financial markets has caused the value of assets held by pension schemes to fall
significantly."

A bright spot for scheme managers is that the fourth quarter of 2008 had a fall
in expectations of future inflation which means that pensions are expected to
cost less in future. Mr Mullins added: "These market changes will not have
affected all pension schemes to the same degree as it will depend on how much of
their money is invested in the stock market versus other investments such as
bonds and cash."

Hymans Robertson says its calculations are based on "sensible assumptions" about
investment returns and inflation. It has not factored in the full impact of the
credit crisis on investment return assumptions companies would normally usewhen
assessing the financial health of schemes. Benchmark long-term corporate bonds
have fallen but their yields have risen strongly.

Factoring this into calculations would result in the schemes showing a "modest"
surplus. "However, Hymans Robertson believes this would not be a prudent way to
assess these pension schemes' financial health," the report said.

MrHarper said scheme trustees would need to re-assess how much investment risk
their scheme could afford. "However, this is not a time for knee-jerk reactions.
It is essential that trustees agree a long-term plan to ensure they are well
prepared to capitalise on investment opportunities. It is now commonplace for
trustees to agree 'trigger points' such that if the stock market improves to a
certain level the pension scheme automatically banks some gains by moving a
preagreed portion of money out of the stock market to less volatile investments.
This makes the scheme less risky and more secure."

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Life's a cruise for some pensioners, but how long will it last?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Cotswold Journal

                            November 24, 2008 Monday

Money making scheme is too good to be true

BYLINE: Simon Crump

SECTION: NEWS MORETON

LENGTH: 303 words


PEOPLE in the Cotswolds and throughout Gloucestershire have been warned not to
get involved with an illegal money making scheme offering them the chance to
earn £24,000 for an investment of £3,000.

Gloucestershire County Council Trading Standards Service issued the warning
after being tipped off by members of the public who had been approached by the
operators of the pyramid investment scheme.

Those approached said they were told that each participant, to achieve a return
of £24,000, had to recruit eight more people to the scheme.

In such schemes, participants are paid for recruiting others into the scheme.

The schemes need an unlimited supply of new participants to make money.

Since the supply will always be finite, the pyramid must collapse eventually and
most participants will lose their money.

They were banned under the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations
2008.

Now, anyone establishing, operating or promoting such a scheme is acting
illegally.

People running or promoting such schemes face fines of up to £5,000 fine or two
years' imprisonment.

Eddie Coventry, head of Trading Standards, said the schemes were too good to be
true.

He said: "We are grateful for the public making us aware of the existence of
these schemes.

"Pyramid investment schemes work by recruiting in small communities and work
place contacts through friends, colleagues and neighbours.

"But the schemes are doomed to failure as the supply of new recruits is quickly
exhausted.

"The people at the bottom of the pyramid face a high risk of losing their
investment and not getting any return.

"For this reason, these schemes are now illegal.

"We would urge anyone invited to take part in such a scheme not to part with
their money and we would welcome information from members of the public about
where the schemes are operating."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 01, 2008 Saturday
                                   e2 Edition

Masobe takes Genesis case to Constitutional Court

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1037 words


Patrick Masobe, the Registrar of Medical Schemes, last week lodged an
application for leave to appeal in the Constitutional Court after losing several
rounds of his ongoing legal battle with a small medical scheme over his refusal
to register its rules.

The registrar has refused to register the rules of Genesis Medical Scheme since
2006, arguing that the scheme's rules are discriminatory.

The scheme has refused to change its rules and has fought Masobe every step of
the way on the matter.

After his initial decision not to register the scheme's rules, Genesis took its
case to the appeal committee of the Council for Medical Schemes. Masobe is the
council's executive officer.

Late in 2006, the appeal committee found in favour of Genesis and ordered Masobe
to register the scheme's rules.

Masobe then notified the medical scheme that he intended to appeal the
committee's decision at an appeal board appointed by the Minister of Health.

The Medical Schemes Act provides for anyone who is aggrieved by a decision of
the registrar and/or the council to appeal against that decision to an appeal
board appointed by the health minister.

Genesis, however, argued that the registrar had no right in law to appeal the
decision, because it amounted to an appeal by the Council for Medical Schemes
against its own decision.

High court application

In February last year, the scheme successfully launched an urgent application in
the High Court seeking an order declaring that the registrar had no further
right of appeal in terms of the Medical Schemes Act, and directing him to
register the scheme's rules.

Masobe applied to the High Court for leave to appeal against the judgment, but
in October last year the application was refused.

Masobe then petitioned the Supreme Court of Appeal for leave to appeal the High
Court judgment, but the application was again refused.

As a result, last week Masobe applied to the Constitutional Court for leave to
appeal against the High Court decision, saying the Constitutional Court may come
to a different decision to that taken by the High Court and the Supreme Court of
Appeal, because of the constitutional matters the case raises.

Issues of importance

Masobe says in his application that the issues which the appeal committee
decided in 2006 "were complex and of great importance" to members and potential
members of Genesis and other schemes.

He says the issues involved, among other things, discrimination against members
and potential members of Genesis, "and struck at the heart of the way in which
medical schemes are meant to operate under the Act when it comes to the
formulation and registration of benefit options".

Masobe's supporting affidavit to the Constitutional Court states that the
fundamental reason why the High Court found in favour of Genesis was that it
said that the registrar was a functionary of the Council for Medical Schemes and
could not appeal against the very body of which he is a functionary.

But, he argues, he is more than a mere functionary of the council and has an
independent administrative role that entitles him to make decisions that are not
subject to the control and/or directions of the council.

He cites several examples in the Medical Schemes Act, which he says prove this:
"This allocation and exercise of powers is, I submit with respect, significant
constitutionally."

The registrar goes on to say that the Act gives "anyone aggrieved by a decision
of the registrar acting with the concurrence of the council or by a decision of
the council" the right to appeal to the appeal board.

Masobe says this clause entitles him to appeal against the decision of the
appeal committee and if he did not have such a right to appeal this would lead
to "absurd results" when other provisions of the Act are construed.

Finally, Masobe says that when he considers a medical scheme's rule amendments,
he is specifically required to ensure that the rule amendments are not unfair to
members and will not discriminate against existing and potential members of a
scheme.

He says the groups vulnerable to such discrimination are the sick and the
elderly.

The unfairness of Genesis's rules, he says, would affect all other medical
schemes' members and potential members.

"The likely effects are a systemic exclusion from medical scheme cover of the
aged and sickly," he says.

When he sought to appeal the decision of the appeal committee, Masobe says, he
did so "in order to protect public interest to avoid unfair discrimination to a
very vulnerable group in society".

Masobe says his role as a regulator has enabled him to detect this
discrimination, which may not be as obvious to the ordinary scheme member.

original decision

Masobe's original decision not to register Genesis's 2006 rules was on the
grounds that:

u There were no material or significant differences between the medical scheme's
three options, which should be treated as one option with variable contribution
levels linked to a medical savings account or self-managed fund, which is not
permissible;

u The medical scheme only offered a hospital plan and required members to
self-fund out-of-hospital expenses, and as such the benefit options were
designed in a manner that was likely to result in the aged and sickly paying
significant amounts for their out-of-hospital expenses.

These people were, therefore, likely to be systematically excluded on a basis of
their age and health status, which is unfair to members and unfairly
discriminatory; and

u The self-managed fund on the third benefit option was, in fact, an extension
of the medical savings account and when contributions to the two accounts were
combined, they exceeded 25 percent of the member's contributions, which is in
contravention of a regulation under the Medical Schemes Act.

The appeal committee found that:

u The Medical Schemes Act does not require that benefit options must offer
benefits that are substantially different from the other benefit options that
are available;

u The structuring of the scheme in a manner that is more attractive to younger
or healthier people is not necessarily unfair to members, nor does it amount to
unfair discrimination; and

u The self-managed fund was not simply an extension of the medical savings
account.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                    February 14, 2008 Thursday 5:51 PM  EST

CM WANTS SPEEDY IMPLEMENTATION OF WELFARE SCHEMES

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 14 -- Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit has asked the Welfare
Department to expedite projects related to child and women welfare. Dikshit has
said that those not working as desired by the concerned department may be
stripped of their salary.

Rattled by the non-performance of Social Welfare Department and finding a large
number of applications for financial assistance pending, Chief Minister Sheila
Dikshit has threatened to stop the salary of all those who are unable to dispose
off pending applications by February 28. As per records there are about 7,000
applications pertaining to various projects and financial approvals are awaited
by the department.

Dikshit's remark came at a review meeting of the Social Welfare Department this
week. Expressing unhappiness over lacklustre attitude of the department, Dikshit
directed that all schemes related to child and women welfare be cleared ahead of
the Assembly polls in November this year.. Criticizing the officials of the
department as being insensitive towards these schemes, Dikshit said, "How will
they feel if their salaries are stopped?."

As per data available with iThe Pioneer/i, the department has failed to release
financial assistance to at least 8,000 people seeking help under old age
assistance scheme. Similarly, 4992 cases (applications) are pending under widow
pension schemes, 1,145 cases under widow - daughter marriage scheme, 600 cases
under national family benefit scheme, 92 cases under unemployment allowances and
3,937 cases under girl child protection scheme. The fund allocated under various
scheme has not been utilized.

The widow pension scheme was notified in August last year in place of the one
time assistance scheme for widows. Till date, the department has received 8,053
applications, out of which only 3,061 applicants got financial assistance.

Beside this, the much-publicized Delhi Government girl child protection scheme
'Ladli' has failed to take off because of too many complications in its
implementation.. The Delhi Government has not notified the rules of the scheme
till date. Beside this, the norms are too complicated so the purpose of the
scheme is defeated. During the review, Dikshit also expressed displeasure over
the delay in implementation in Ladli scheme. Social Welfare Department Minister
Dr Yoganand Shastri informed Dikshit that lengthy process of inviting and
processing applications in various schemes and shortage of staff were the main
reasons for the delay. The Social Welfare Minister also felt the need to
simplify the process for the schemes and an affidavit should be treated as final
income proof for Ladli scheme. "The department has been facing at least 50 per
cent shortage of staff. Beside this, women and child development has been
created as a new department but there is utter confusion as work is yet to be
assigned," he said.

Party sources said that Chief Minister is banking on women-oriented schemes like
Ladli, Widow- Daughter Marriage, Girl Child Protection, Old Age Assistance,
Unemployment Allowances, Widow Pension Scheme and National Family Benefit Scheme
initiated by her Government to woo women and poor people in the Capital before
the Assembly election in November.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-588405

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               December 07, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Go-ahead given for more medical scheme changes

BYLINE: Tamar Kahn

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 297  words


Go-ahead given for more medical scheme changes

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - The Council for Medical Schemes has approved 75% of the benefit
changes proposed by the 37 open medical schemes for next year, a marked
improvement on last year when only 60% of amendments the schemes planned made
the grade.

The council is the statutory body that oversees the medical schemes industry and
safeguards consumer interests. It requires schemes to apply for permission to
change benefits or fees they charge for membership.

While such changes can take place at any time, October and November see a flurry
of activity as schemes prepare to launch new packages in January.

By yesterday morning, the scheme had approved 137 of the 182 benefit changes
proposed by schemes. Among the schemes that the council sent back to the drawing
board were big, wellestablished players such as Oxygen, Momentum, Fedhealth,
Medicover and Sizwe.

Reasons given by the council on its website included schemes not complying with
the Medical Schemes Act, concerns about schemes squeezing benefits and
attempting to introduce steep contribution hikes and excessive nonhealthcare
expenditure (for example, on administration costs).

The council advised consumers to exercise caution in signing up for new benefit
options for next year and to check whether the council had approved their
schemes' plans.

Council registrar Patrick Masobe attributed the improvement in this year's
approval rate to better communication between officials and medical schemes and
the fact that many schemes had taken heed of the problems identified by the
council last year.

"Last year's process has given schemes a lot more clarity on what we require, so
submissions have been more thorough," Masobe said in a telephone interview from
Pretoria.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 1, 2000

Benefits safe, says official

BYLINE: ENOCH YIU

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 311 words


An official of the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Schemes Authority believes
most employers will not cut benefits of existing retirement schemes after the
new scheme is launched.

The assurance was given yesterday by the acting managing director of the
authority, Alan Wong Chi-kong.

The working population is 3.3 million but only one-third are covered by
retirement plans or occupational retirement schemes (Orso).

About 900,000 are covered by 19,000 Orso schemes set up voluntarily by
employers. The remaining 200,000 are civil servants and teachers with government
retirement plans.

Mr Wong said the Orso schemes were intended to keep quality staff at companies.

He believes most employers will want to retain such schemes even after the MPF
system is introduced.

The 44 MPF schemes plans would not necessarily provide lower benefits than Orso
schemes, he said.

Many employees could not receive employers' contributions to Orso schemes unless
they had worked for a company for three to five years.

Under the MPF schemes, employees would be able to gain their employers' five per
cent contribution regardless of how long they had worked.

Mr Wong said the introduction of the MPF would benefit the working population as
a whole.

"The MPF plans are going to allow those 2.2 million employees who do not have a
retirement plan to have pension protection," he said.

All 300,000 employers who do not have MPF schemes will need to set them up
before the scheme starts to collect contributions from December 1.

Of the 19,000 Orso schemes, 14,000 are qualified to apply for exemption from the
MPF. The rest would need to convert to MPF plans, Mr Wong said.

The MPF authority announced yesterday it had approved 21 trustees who would
offer 42 schemes for employers.

The MPF schemes have a total of 243 constituent funds.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              816 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             July 22, 1990, Sunday

What to look for in your pension plan; Sue Ward highlights the points to
consider when assessing the value of employers' retirement schemes

BYLINE: By SUE WARD

SECTION: BUSINESS ON SUNDAY MONEY PAGE; Page 21

LENGTH: 865 words


COMPETITION entered the cosy world of pensions two years ago. Since April 1988,
no new employee can be made to join a company pension scheme, and members can
leave one whenever they want.

Nevertheless, at least 90 per cent of employees who are eligible for company
pension schemes join them, and only a few of those who take out personal
pensions have previously belonged to occupational schemes for any length of
time.

Joining the company pension scheme is almost always the right decision. ''The
only exception might be if you are young, highly mobile, without dependants and
being asked to join a scheme with a higher than average contribution rate,''
according to actuary Bryn Davis. That does not mean, however, that all schemes
are equally good.

The quality of a scheme does not depend only on the pension it gives at
retirement. The potential member also needs to look at the insurance elements,
such as the pension it offers dependants and the life assurance. The cost of the
scheme and how it treats people who leave it before retirement - as most do -
are also important.

For example, schemes in the public sector, (for those such as civil servants,
teachers) give below-average benefits on death or ill-health, but they index the
pension to inflation. In the private sector, few schemes guarantee
inflation-proofing, but many have higher benefits to start with. The key point
in judging the actual pension is the accrual rate - the rate at which the
pension builds up for each year or part-year that you are a member. A good
scheme has an accrual rate of 1 60 or better. That means the pension is
calculated by dividing your pensionable earnings - pay at or near retirement -
by 60 and multiplying that figure by the number of years you have been in the
scheme. So after 40 years' membership, your pension would be 40 60 of your
earnings - two-thirds.

The Inland Revenue allows schemes to provide a two-thirds pension (on earnings
up to pounds 64,800 this year) after only 20 years' membership, however, and
still qualify for tax privileges. So a better scheme might have a 1 55 or 1 50
accrual rate. That would mean that the pension built up to the 2 3 limit sooner.
It is also important to check the definition of ''pensionable earnings''. Under
the Inland Revenue's rules, all earnings up to the top limit, including the
money equivalent of some fringe benefits, can be taken into account. But some
''fluctuating emoluments'' have to be averaged over the years before retirement,
and there are special restrictions on senior managers.

A good scheme will take all steady earnings into account. Others will leave out
payments such as bonuses, overtime, and commissions, and may also deduct the
equivalent of the state pension in calculating pensionable earnings. This is
particularly common among American companies.

The scheme should give regular pension increases to match the rate of inflation
if possible, as public sector schemes do.

A good scheme, even if it lays down a normal retirement age that is the same as
the state's, allows employees to retire earlier without penalising them. It also
gives credits for the years they could have worked, if the retirement is due to
ill-health or redundancy. It will also continue the lump sum death benefit -
when one would be impossible to obtain elsewhere.

Very few schemes give the maximum spouse's pension allowed - two-thirds of the
member's own pension. The better ones give half the member's own pension,
calculated as if he or she had carried on working until retirement date, and a
children's pension also. The lump sum death benefit - which is usually arranged
to be tax free - should be at least twice the member's annual earnings,
preferably more. The maximum allowable is four times your annual earnings, plus
a refund of contributions with interest.

Members' contributions vary from nothing, in a non-contributory scheme, to 7 or
8 per cent of earnings. Anyone whose scheme charges more than 5 per cent should
need convincing that the package justifies it. They should also ask what the
employer is paying. These days, many employers are paying less than the scheme
members, or even nothing at all if there has been a surplus.

Most people, of course, do not stay in one pension scheme all their lives. So it
is important to know also what happens when you leave. By law, you must be
allowed to transfer the value of your pension elsewhere - to a personal pension
scheme if you want, and there must be some inflation-proofing on it. The best
schemes either index-link your deferred pension, as the public sector does, or
''underpin'' it. This means they lay down that if the investment returns on the
money you have contributed, plus a matching amount from the employer, comes to
more than you would have had under the normal rules, you receive that higher
amount.

Finally, a good pension scheme treats men and women equally. Since the European
Court's judgement in the Barber case, however, schemes that discriminate against
women can be forced to change by a court or an industrial tribunal.

Sue Ward is the author of ''The Essential Guide to Pensions'' (New paperback
edition pounds 9.95).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Independent Print Ltd


                              817 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Pfizer battles to close Irish pension scheme as 'not fit for purpose'

BYLINE: Gordon Deegan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 528 words


SIPTU is resisting attempts by Viagra producer Pfizer to shut down its
gilt-edged Defined Benefit (DB) Pension Scheme for 1,000 employees here.

The drug producer has made the move after describing its DB scheme as
"unsustainable" and "not fit for purpose".

The firm told the Labour Court that over the last five years it fully paid for
the pension levy for DB members, representing a total additional cost of
(EURO)10m to the firm.

Pfizer employs 3,200 people in Ireland with 2,200 already on its DB schemes.

The US firm is now seeking to move its remaining 1,000 employees based at its
Ringaskiddy and Little Island operations in Cork along with those employed in
the firm's Global Financial Services and Sales and Commercial divisions to the
Defined Contribution Scheme.

The dispute between Siptu and Pfizer has reached the Labour Court after the two
sides could not resolve the dispute at local level.

A spokeswoman for Pfizer confirmed yesterday that it is proposing to close its
employee non-contributory defined benefit pension schemes from 2018. She said
that "this change is part of a global initiative as the environment for DB plans
has become very challenging due to the increasing cost and volatility of these
types of pension plans".

She added: "In Ireland, the cost to the company of funding these
non-contributory schemes has tripled between 2012 and 2014 and these increases
are not sustainable."

The spokeswoman stressed that the proposal does not affect deferred members or
pensioners.

However, Siptu has outlined its opposition to the move and before the Labour
Court stated that the DB scheme "is in a healthy position and it is not in
deficit". Siptu also told the court that the DB scheme is a fundamental part of
the workers' terms and conditions and is contained in the union management
collective agreements. The union argued that the rationale for changing the DB
scheme has nothing to do with its current funding status.

However, in reply, Pfizer stated that it views its DB plans "as unsustainable,
not fit for purpose and a historical anachronism which places unreasonable costs
and the sole risk burden on the employer."

Siptu organiser Paul Depuis said yesterday that "there is no stomach from the
members to move from the Defined Benefit Scheme to the Defined Contribution
Scheme at this current time".

He added: "The DB scheme is fully funded and it is just part of the corporate
wish list to seek to move from a DB scheme to a DC scheme."

Mr Depuis said that a move to a DC scheme shifts the risk from the employer to
the employee.

In its recommendation, the Labour Court stated that Pfizer "formally set out to
the unions the precise policy and financial reasons for the proposed changes to
the structure of the current pensions schemes".

The court said that "the unions should engage with the management with a view to
agreeing a new pension schemes that meet the twin objectives of aligning the
company's needs and the benefits in the current scheme".

The Labour Court said that "the talks process should address the position of
both current and future employees and should make provision for staff
transitioning from the current to the new scheme".

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Siptu argues that the defined benefit scheme is fully funded

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Myth makers

SECTION: COVER STORY

LENGTH: 592 words


The names given by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation and Ahmedabad Urban
Development Authority to its housing schemes for the poor reveal an interesting
point: they are based in Indian mythology. Of the 28 housing schemes constructed
for the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) by AUDA, more than 80 per cent were
named after Lord Krishna or places associated with him. AMC showed a preference
for Lord Shiva while naming the 12 housing schemes it constructed. Since 2001,
AUDA has constructed 20,000 houses under its various schemes.

Sixty-five per cent of the schemes (18) bear names like Nandanvan, Vrindavan,
Vraj Vihar, Gokul, Vraj Nagri, and so on. The remaining schemes are also named
after other Hindu gods including Satyam, Shivam, and Parijat. Meanwhile, AMC has
built 2,300 houses in 12 schemes under the Mukhya Mantri Awas Yojna since 2014.
Their schemes are named Rameshwar, Koteshwar, Bhimnath, Trimbakeshwar, Vaijnath,
Someshwar, Rudraksh, Chandeshwar, Somnath, Karmukteshwar, Nilkanth, and Shiv
Shakti. All of them are names of Shiva or his various forms.

Mehboob, 42, who has been allotted a house in one of the schemes in the eastern
part of the city, said, "I find it strange that all these schemes have Hindu
religious names when people of all religions have been allotted houses here. If
the civic bodies want to keep religious names, then they should consider names
from everyone's faith." Sheikh, 37, who has been allotted a house in a low
income group housing scheme in Muslim-dominated Rakhial, said, "They haven't
named our scheme yet. However, if they allot a Hindu name, we will protest
against this.

We would suggest that they use neutral or positive words like Aman (peace) for
housing schemes so that no one feels discriminated against." Agreeing with this
is Navin Patel, a 38-year-old resident of Koteshwar - an LIG housing scheme in
Chandkheda. "I would be upset if the scheme was named after the deity of another
religion. No one will have any issues if these schemes are named after animals
or flowers or famous personalities. There are so many options," he said. While
AMC has constructed a housing scheme in Rakhial, AUDA has not set up housing
societies for poor in areas where there's a sizeable Muslim population like
Juhapura or Vastral.

Political leaders claim that this could be part of an aggressive Hindutva agenda
of BJP-ruled Gujarat government. Denying this, AUDA chairperson Bhupendra Patel
said, "There is no fixed policy on naming these housing schemes. Any member can
suggest a name to the chairperson who finalises the name. There is no Hindutva
agenda in this." The former chairmen of AUDA include Surendra Patel and
Dharmendra Shah. Explaining the logic behind naming the schemes after Lord
Shiva, AMC Housing Improvement Committee chairperson Bipin Patel said, "We were
handing out keys to owners on Shivratri day so we named these schemes after Lord
Shiva. The names were selected by the chairperson."

To this, senior Congress leader Arjun Modhwadia said, "Government schemes should
be named after characters and historical names. They should not be linked to
religion. This should be the policy of an Indian state. One can be religious in
private affairs, but not where the government is involved." Aam Aadmi Party
spokesperson Harshil Nayak said, "The government should not focus exclusively on
one religion. They should take into consideration other religions, too. It's
good to promote faith so long as the promotion is not restricted to just one
particular religion."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Blog: Interchange Fees Regulation: UK High Court refers Amex v HM
Treasury to CJEU for preliminary ruling

LENGTH: 1339  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    The UK's High Court has asked the Court of Justice of the European Union
(CJEU) for a preliminary ruling on the interpretation of the Interchange Fees
Regulation (IFR), which caps credit and debit card interchange fees. The
referral has been made part way through Judicial Review (JR) proceedings between
American Express Co v The Lords Commissioners of HM Treasury, Diners Club
International Limited, and MasterCard Europe SA.





 The IFR, and the UK's approach to compliance



 The IFR provides that:



     Recital 28: "Card-based payment transactions are &hellip; carried out
[using] 'three party payment card schemes' (cardholder -- acquiring and issuing
scheme -- merchant) [(3P Schemes)] and 'four party payment card schemes'
(cardholder -- issuing bank -- acquiring bank -- merchant) [(4P Schemes)]. Many
[4P Schemes] use an explicit interchange fee, which is &hellip; multilateral. To
acknowledge the existence of implicit interchange fees and contribute to the
creation of a level playing field, [3P Schemes] using payment service providers
[PSPs] as issuers &hellip; should be considered as [4P Schemes] and should
follow the same rules&hellip; However, &hellip; it is appropriate to allow for a
transitional period during which Member States may decide not to apply the rules
concerning the interchange fee cap if such schemes have a very limited market
share in the Member State concerned"



     Recital 29: "The issuing service is based on a contractual relationship
between the issuer of the payment instrument and the payer &hellip; The issuer
makes payment cards available to the payer, authorises transactions at terminals
&hellip; and may guarantee payment to the acquirer for transactions that are in
conformity with the rules of the relevant scheme. Therefore, the mere
distribution of payment cards or technical services, such as the mere processing
and storage of data, does not constitute issuing"



     Article 1(3)(c): The interchange fee caps in articles 3 and 4 of this
Regulation don't apply to "transactions with payment cards issued by [3P Schemes
]"



     Article 1(5): That said, "When a [3P Scheme] licenses other PSPs for the
issuance of card-based payment instruments &hellip; or issues card-based payment
instruments with a co-branding partner or through an agent, it is considered to
be a [4P Scheme], and the interchange fee caps will apply]. However, until 9
December 2018 in relation to domestic payment transactions, such a [3P Scheme]
may be exempted &hellip; provided that the card-based payment transactions made
in a Member State under such a [3P Scheme] do not exceed on a yearly basis 3 %
of the value of all card-based payment transactions made in that Member State"



     Article 2(2): "'issuer' means a [PSP] contracting to provide a payer with a
payment instrument to initiate and process the payer's card-based payment
transactions"



     Article 2(18): "['3P Scheme'] means a payment card scheme in which the
scheme itself provides acquiring and issuing services and card-based payment
transactions are made from the payment account of a payer to the payment account
of a payee within the scheme. When a [3P Scheme]  licenses other [PSPs] for the
issuance of card-based payment instruments &hellip; or issues card-based payment
instruments with a co-branding partner or through an agent, it is considered to
be a [4P Scheme] "



 In its consultation on the UK's approach to the IFR, HM Treasury said:



     the 4P Scheme is the "predominant" model in the UK, and the acquirer is
usually obliged to pay an interchange fee to the issuer every time a transaction
occurs;

     in 3P Schemes, the card scheme acts as issuer and acquirer and the banks
aren't involved, so there isn't an interchange fee - fees are negotiated
bilaterally between the card scheme and the merchants instead;

     some 3P Schemes use PSPs to issue and/or acquire their cards, using
licenses that rely on bilaterally negotiated fees;

     the IFR will treat these 3P Schemes as if they were 4P Schemes, and these
Scheme / PSP fees will be subject to the same fee caps;

     3P Schemes will need some time to renegotiate their license agreements to
accommodate this;

     so, the government will take advantage of the exemption in article 1(5) of
the IFR, to give them time to adjust.



 "Overall", consultation respondents agreed with this approach, so that's HM
Treasury did (see the FSMA (Payment Card Interchange Fees) Regulations 2015).



 The Judicial Review proceedings and the referral to the CJEU



 At the time of writing, there's no publicly available information, which
explains (a) why American Express Co has asked the High Court to judicially
review (JR) the HM Treasury decisions under or in connection with the IFR; (b)
the cause of action on which the JR is based; (c) the remedies being sought; or
(d) what impact the Court's decisions might have on the parties to the JR
proceedings, or anyone else. All we can say for sure is that the High Court has
asked the CJEU whether:



     the IFR rule that, "a [3P Scheme] issuing card-based payment instruments
with a co-branding partner or through an agent, [must] be treated as [if it was]
a [4P Scheme]", only applies if and to the extent that the co-branding partner
or agent is acting as an "issuer"? and

     (If the answer is "no", it applies more broadly that), whether articles
1(5) and 2(18) of the IFR are invalid because (a) the IFR doesn't sufficiently
"state the reasons on which [it is] based" (as required by article 296 of the
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union);  (b) they reflect a "manifest
error of assessment" (they seem to be based on a misunderstanding or false
premise); and/or (c) they breach the principle of proportionality (they go much
further than is required to achieve the EU's policy objectives).



 Next steps and comments



 In all probability, the JR is on hold, pending the CJEU's response to the High
Court's questions. American Express Co, HM Treasury, Diners Club International
Limited, MasterCard Europe SA, and other interested parties now have an
opportunity to give written statements to the CJEU, with their answers to these
questions, and their reasons. The CJEU's judge-rapporteur will summarise these
statements, and they'll be discussed at the Court's general meeting, which will
decide (a) how many judges will deal with this referral (it's usually 5, but it
can be 3 or 15); (b) whether a hearing is required; and (c) whether an opinion
from the Advocate General is necessary. If there is a hearing, it will be held
in public, and American Express, HM Treasury, Diners Club International Limited
and MasterCard Europe SA will be invited to make submissions to, and answer
questions from, the Court and the Advocate General. If the CJEU has asked the
Advocate General for an Opinion, it will be given after the oral hearing; and
the CJEU will make its decision after that. When the CJEU's decision is
available, the JR will resume, and the High Court will be able to make its
decisions using the law as the CJEU has found it to be. This will plainly take
many months, and it could take several years.



 This generates some interesting Brexit timing questions: the UK has said that
it will not give its article 50 notice to the European Union in 2016. If that's
right, the UK is unlikely to leave the EU before the end of 2018. Even when it
does, we have no idea whether European Law will also cease to apply in and to
the UK &hellip; which seems to suggest that there's every chance that relevant
Scheme / PSP fees will be capped from 10 December 2018, even if the cap might be
lifted later on. The Brexit related questions therefore seem to be: exactly when
and how does the IFR "3P Schemes = 4P Schemes" rule apply; and (effectively)
will the CJEU strike these provisions down before 10 December 2018? We'll see.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

State govt re-introduces Rajiv Gandhi health scheme, names it after Phule

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 400 words


After making some changes to the Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayee Yojana (RGJY) and
including a fresh set of surgeries that can be done under cashless insurance,
the state government has decided to change the scheme's name to Mahatma Phule
Janaarogya Yojana. RGJY will come to an end in November.

Under the new scheme, the insurance amount will be increased from the existing
Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. Ailments like cancer, kidney transplant, swine flu and
paediatric care are included in the new scheme.The RGJY included 971 procedures,
while the new scheme will have 1,034 procedures. Of

the 1034 procedures, 31 will be specialized surgeries like paediatric and
geriatric ones. Dental procedures have also been listed in the new scheme.

"Instead of continuing with the same scheme, we have decided to revamp it and
since the two are quite different, we are launching it like a new scheme, and
hence, the change of name," said health minister Deepak Sawant.

He added that they will float

tenders so that insurance companies can bid for the project, and like earlier,
there will be no cap on the number of hospitals that can be empanelled under
this scheme. There were 470 hospitals under RGJY scheme.Now, any hospital with
more than 50 beds can be a partner in the scheme, said Sawant. The state cabinet
gave its nod to the scheme's new avatar on Tuesday .

State Congress president Ashok Chavan condemned

the name change decision. "We have full respect for social reformer Mahatma
Jyotiba Phule. Instead of renaming the Rajeev Gandhi scheme after him, the CM
should have launched an independent scheme in the name of Phule. We condemn the
decision. We will lodge a state-wide protest against the ill-advised decision,"
he said.

"Strongly oppose the state government's move to change the name of Rajiv Gandhi
Jeevandayi Arogya Yojana. Proves the state government's mental bankruptcy to a
start new scheme," said Congress MLC Sanjay Dutt. Below Poverty Line citizens
with orange ration card are beneficiaries of this scheme.

Now, a Thackeray accident insurance plan

The state government on Tuesday launched another scheme in the name of Shiv Sena
leader Bal Thackeray. The scheme, Bal Thackeray Upgath Vima Yojana, provides for
treatment of accident victims in trauma care hospitals for three days. The
government will cover the cost of treatment up to Rs 30,000. Such a scheme is
currently operational in Tamil Nadu. TNN

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Qaim Ali Shah wants uninterrupted water supply to small villages

LENGTH: 637  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Feb. 17 -- Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has directed Public
Health Engineering (PHE) and Rural Development Department (RDD) to convert their
water supply schemes on solar system so that water supply to small villages
could be made uninterrupted.

This he said while presiding over a meeting regarding the development schemes of
PHE and RDD here at the Cm House on Tuesday. Those who attended the meeting
include Senior Minister for Finance and Energy Syed Murad Ali Shah, Special
Assistant to CM for PHE and RDD Fayaz Butt, Chief Secretary Siddique Memon,
Additional Chief Secretary (Dev) Aijaz Ali Khan, Principal Secretary to CM
Alamuddin Bullo, PHE and RDD Secretary Imran Atta Soomro, chief engineers and
other staff.

PHE Chief Engineer Nafees Shaikh said that over all 139 schemes, including 66
water supply and 73 drainage schemes were going on at cost of Rs 1.99 billion
against which the Finance Department has released Rs1.7 billion and so far the
utilisation of the released funds is Rs 0.88 billion.

He said that 59 new schemes, including 27 water supply and 32 drainage schemes
have been identified for which the government has allocated Rs 490.659 million.
"These schemes are at the final stage of the approval and would be launched
shortly," he said.

Talking about rehabilitation of non-functional schemes, the chief engineer said
the rehabilitation cost has been approved at Rs 2.9 billion, out of which Rs
1.82 billion have been released. Over Rs 916 million have been utilised out of
the released amount.

Replying to a question, the chief engineer said that 57 water supply and
drainage schemes would be completed by the end of 2015-16. On this, the chief
minister directed the Aijaz Ali Khan to conduct inspection of each and every
scheme being completed by the end of current financial year. "Most of the
schemes of PHE are not up to the mark in terms of their quality and utility," he
said.

PHE&RDD Secretary Imran Atta Soomro said that PHE construct schemes and then
handover to the concerned community. The community usually fails to operate the
scheme due to lack of funds. The chief minister directed the chief secretary to
work out a proposal either to hand over the schemes to local government to
create a repair and maintenance wing in the PHE so that community could take
benefit from these schemes.

The chief engineer said that in the different sectors this year 26 schemes have
been launched. The chief minister said that the scheme of mobile drinking water
testing and safety measures advisory project would be of great importance. "In
this way the government would be able to collect data of the areas where
unhealthy water exists. This would help the government to formulate new schemes
according to the data collected RDD," he said.

Talking about solar streetlights, the chief minister said that solar
streetlights schemes have become so popular in the rural areas that every one
asking was for such schemes. Finance Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah said that the
companies installing solar light must have a complete infrastructure to main
them round the year.

CM's Adviser on PHE and RDD Fayaz Butt said that he was making such contracts
with the companies which not only install solar lights but keep them
maintaining. "In order to avoid theft of the lights and ensure quality work, I
have involved deputy commissioners by constituting monitoring committees under
them." he said.

The chief minister in his concluding remarks urged the ACD (development) to
further strengthen his monitoring system to ensure quality of the schemes and
keep him sending reports with necessary recommendation.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Qaim Ali Shah wants uninterrupted water supply to small villages

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 48

LENGTH: 602  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has directed Public Health Engineering
(PHE) and Rural Development Department (RDD) to convert their water supply
schemes on solar system so that water supply to small villages could be made
uninterrupted.

This he said while presiding over a meeting regarding the development schemes of
PHE and RDD here at the Cm House on Tuesday. Those who attended the meeting
include Senior Minister for Finance and Energy Syed Murad Ali Shah, Special
Assistant to CM for PHE and RDD Fayaz Butt, Chief Secretary Siddique Memon,
Additional Chief Secretary (Dev) Aijaz Ali Khan, Principal Secretary to CM
Alamuddin Bullo, PHE and RDD Secretary Imran Atta Soomro, chief engineers and
other staff.

PHE Chief Engineer Nafees Shaikh said that over all 139 schemes, including 66
water supply and 73 drainage schemes were going on at cost of Rs 1.99 billion
against which the Finance Department has released Rs1.7 billion and so far the
utilisation of the released funds is Rs 0.88 billion.

He said that 59 new schemes, including 27 water supply and 32 drainage schemes
have been identified for which the government has allocated Rs 490.659 million.
"These schemes are at the final stage of the approval and would be launched
shortly," he said.

Talking about rehabilitation of non-functional schemes, the chief engineer said
the rehabilitation cost has been approved at Rs 2.9 billion, out of which Rs
1.82 billion have been released. Over Rs 916 million have been utilised out of
the released amount.

Replying to a question, the chief engineer said that 57 water supply and
drainage schemes would be completed by the end of 2015-16. On this, the chief
minister directed the Aijaz Ali Khan to conduct inspection of each and every
scheme being completed by the end of current financial year. "Most of the
schemes of PHE are not up to the mark in terms of their quality and utility," he
said.

PHE and RDD Secretary Imran Atta Soomro said that PHE construct schemes and then
handover to the concerned community. The community usually fails to operate the
scheme due to lack of funds. The chief minister directed the chief secretary to
work out a proposal either to hand over the schemes to local government to
create a repair and maintenance wing in the PHE so that community could take
benefit from these schemes.

The chief engineer said that in the different sectors this year 26 schemes have
been launched. The chief minister said that the scheme of mobile drinking water
testing and safety measures advisory project would be of great importance. "In
this way the government would be able to collect data of the areas where
unhealthy water exists. This would help the government to formulate new schemes
according to the data collected RDD," he said.

Talking about solar streetlights, the chief minister said that solar
streetlights schemes have become so popular in the rural areas that every one
asking was for such schemes. Finance Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah said that the
companies installing solar light must have a complete infrastructure to main
them round the year.

CM's Adviser on PHE and RDD Fayaz Butt said that he was making such contracts
with the companies which not only install solar lights but keep them
maintaining. "In order to avoid theft of the lights and ensure quality work, I
have involved deputy commissioners by constituting monitoring committees under
them." he said.

The chief minister in his concluding remarks urged the ACD (development) to
further strengthen his monitoring system to ensure quality of the schemes and
keep him sending reports with necessary recommendation.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

Low irrigation scheme take-up not a concern

BYLINE: ADAM LANGENBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 242 words


LOWER than expected take-up in the mooted Circular Head Irrigation Scheme is not
a concern for Tasmanian Irrigation, Primary Industries Minister Jeremy Rockliff
told Government Business Enterprise scrutiny on Wednesday.

Originally proposed to consist of more than 25,000 megalitres, the scheme was
significantly reduced after the rights to less than 5000 megalitres were
purchased during the first round of water sales.

Mr Rockliff said he was not concerned the wider Circular Head scheme had changed
into a Duck River scheme after sales in Redpa in particular, failed to flow.

Tasmanian Irrigation chairman John Lord said he was not worried that local
farmers had moved to set up their own irrigation scheme, citing prices were too
high to buy into the Circular Head scheme.

He said schemes were contingent on interest from farmers, rather than on the
initial design of a scheme.

"If people can build their own scheme, we're more than happy to let them do it,"
he said.

Lower than expected take-up for a number of tranche-two schemes led to Tasmanian
Irrigation only requiring $90 million to construct five irrigation schemes,
rather than the $140 million it initially expected, Mr Rockliff said.

Mr Lord said they were now considering options for tranche-three schemes.

Potential options for schemes included a Flowerdale-Inglis River scheme, one
that encompassed Cressy and Longford, and increasing the capacity of the
existing Sassafras-Wesley Vale scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          ASSOCHAM Studies and Surveys

                                 April 12, 2015

Only 19 pc farmers are insured, exposing vast majority to weather vagaries:
ASSOCHAM-Skymet study

LENGTH: 1056  words


Less than 20 per cent of farmers in India are insured, exposing a vast majority
of the farming community to the vagaries of weather which lead them to taking
desperate steps, as is being seen after a vast damage to the Rabi crop this
year, according to ASSOCHAM-Skymet Weather joint study released today.

At the all-India level, only 19% of farmer reported ever having insured their
crops. A very large proportion of 81% were found to be unaware of the practice
of crop insurance. Of the un-insured, 46% were found to be aware but not
interested while 24% said that the facility was not available to them. Only 11%
felt that they could not afford to pay the insurance premium, mentioned the
joint study.

Uninsured farmer in India:

As per the joint report, there are about 32 million farmers who have been
enrolled in various crop insurance schemes across India.  However, issues in
design, particularly related to delays in claims settlement, have led to farmers
not being covered, despite significant government subsidy.

Releasing the study, conducted by ASSOCHAM and Skymet Mr. D S Rawat, Secretary
General ASSOCHAM said, "Implementation and technical challenges lie ahead which
can be addressed but will require a comprehensive strategy, innovative
solutions, and timely roll out".

To address the problems, the Government of India is piloting a modified National
Agricultural Insurance Scheme (NAIS), a market-based scheme with involvement
from the private sector.

Compared with the existing scheme, the new program has a design that can offer
more timely, claim settlement, less distortion in the allocation of government
subsidies and cross-subsidies between farmer groups, and reduced basis risk.

For coping with natural risks, crop insurance is one of the mechanisms available
to mitigate loss. In this context, the Government on pilot basis developed many
crop insurance schemes. These schemes were further modified and the recent
National Crop Insurance Programme (NCIP) has been evolved having modifies
national agricultural insurance scheme (MNAIS) and weather based crop insurance
scheme (WBCIS) as component scheme. MNAIS is yield based scheme and WBCIS is
scheme in which claim is announced on the basis of weather data.

The Central government is working on Farm Income Insurance Scheme which will be
rolled out soon for Kharif 2015. Apart from government player, private players
have developed weather-based crop insurance products. These weather-based
insurance products are advantageous over yield- based insurance products in
terms of time taken for claim settlement and transparency in settlement of
claims, reveals the joint study.

The Government of India introduced the scheme from Rabi 1999-2000 season to
protect the farmers against losses suffered by them due to crop failure on
account of natural calamities. The scheme is currently implemented by
Agriculture Insurance Company of India (AICIL). The scheme is available to all
the farmers, loanee and non-loanee, irrespective of size of their holding.
Claims are automatically calculated based on shortfall in the current season
yield obtained from crop cutting experiments (CCE)

Weather Based Crop Insurance Scheme (WBCIS) aims to mitigate the hardship of the
insured farmers against the likelihood of financial loss on account of
anticipated crop loss resulting from incidence of adverse conditions of weather
parameters like rainfall, temperature, frost etc.

Mr. Rawat further added, the shift from a social crop insurance program with
ad-hoc funding from the Government of India to a market based crop insurance
program with actuarially sound premium rates and product design is a major step
forward. The improved product and active involvement of private sector insurance
markets are expected to lead to significant benefits for farmers including
faster claims settlement, a more equitable allocation of subsidies and lower
basis risk

Use of latest technology such as GPRS enabled and camera fitted mobile phones
may be used to implement Crop Insurance Schemes more effectively. A
comprehensive programme of capacity building in line with the needs of
stakeholders such as State Government functionaries, insurers and Central
Government agencies associated with Crop Insurance Schemes should be organized.
Programmes of creating awareness and insurance literacy among farmers should be
prepared by Insurance Companies and Banks, in collaboration with the concerned
state governments.

In order to make MNAIS and WBCIS a nationwide scheme, NCIP was introduced in
Rabi 2013-14 and NAIS was rolled back but the scheme faced reluctance from
states like Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat etc. Later on NAIS was also
implemented in some states in Rabi 2013-14.

Farm Income Insurance Scheme- Presently the government of India is working on
designing of new scheme farm income insurance scheme following are the salient
features of FIIS -

The Scheme provides - Comprehensive Risk Insurance -against Loss in Farm Income
(Short fall in Actual Income [AI] over Guaranteed Income [GI]) in a Notified
Area arising out of adverse fluctuations in yield due to occurrence of any one
or combination of non-preventable natural perils such as Flood, Inundation,
Storm, Cyclone, Hailstorm, Landslide Drought, Dry spells, large-scale outbreak
of Pests/ Diseases; and, adverse fluctuation of market prices, as measured
against MSP.

Agricultural production and farm incomes in India are frequently affected by
natural disasters such as drought, floods, cyclone, storm, landslide, earthquake
etc. Susceptibility of agriculture to these disasters is compounded by the
outbreak of epidemics and man-made disasters such as fire, sale of spurious
seeds, fertilizers and pesticides, price crashes, etc. All these events severely
affect farmers through loss in production and farm income, and are beyond the
control of farmers.

With growing commercialization of agriculture, the magnitude of loss due to
unfavourable eventualities is increasing. In recent times, mechanisms like
contract farming and futures trading have been established which are expected to
provide some insurance against price fluctuations directly or indirectly. But,
agricultural insurance is considered an important mechanism to effectively
address the risks to output and income resulting from various natural and
manmade events.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2015 ASSOCHAM, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          ASSOCHAM Studies and Surveys

                                 April 12, 2015

Only 19 pc farmers are insured, exposing vast majority to weather vagaries:
ASSOCHAM-Skymet study

LENGTH: 1056  words


Less than 20 per cent of farmers in India are insured, exposing a vast majority
of the farming community to the vagaries of weather which lead them to taking
desperate steps, as is being seen after a vast damage to the Rabi crop this
year, according to ASSOCHAM-Skymet Weather joint study released today.

At the all-India level, only 19% of farmer reported ever having insured their
crops. A very large proportion of 81% were found to be unaware of the practice
of crop insurance. Of the un-insured, 46% were found to be aware but not
interested while 24% said that the facility was not available to them. Only 11%
felt that they could not afford to pay the insurance premium, mentioned the
joint study.

Uninsured farmer in India:

As per the joint report, there are about 32 million farmers who have been
enrolled in various crop insurance schemes across India.  However, issues in
design, particularly related to delays in claims settlement, have led to farmers
not being covered, despite significant government subsidy.

Releasing the study, conducted by ASSOCHAM and Skymet Mr. D S Rawat, Secretary
General ASSOCHAM said, "Implementation and technical challenges lie ahead which
can be addressed but will require a comprehensive strategy, innovative
solutions, and timely roll out".

To address the problems, the Government of India is piloting a modified National
Agricultural Insurance Scheme (NAIS), a market-based scheme with involvement
from the private sector.

Compared with the existing scheme, the new program has a design that can offer
more timely, claim settlement, less distortion in the allocation of government
subsidies and cross-subsidies between farmer groups, and reduced basis risk.

For coping with natural risks, crop insurance is one of the mechanisms available
to mitigate loss. In this context, the Government on pilot basis developed many
crop insurance schemes. These schemes were further modified and the recent
National Crop Insurance Programme (NCIP) has been evolved having modifies
national agricultural insurance scheme (MNAIS) and weather based crop insurance
scheme (WBCIS) as component scheme. MNAIS is yield based scheme and WBCIS is
scheme in which claim is announced on the basis of weather data.

The Central government is working on Farm Income Insurance Scheme which will be
rolled out soon for Kharif 2015. Apart from government player, private players
have developed weather-based crop insurance products. These weather-based
insurance products are advantageous over yield- based insurance products in
terms of time taken for claim settlement and transparency in settlement of
claims, reveals the joint study.

The Government of India introduced the scheme from Rabi 1999-2000 season to
protect the farmers against losses suffered by them due to crop failure on
account of natural calamities. The scheme is currently implemented by
Agriculture Insurance Company of India (AICIL). The scheme is available to all
the farmers, loanee and non-loanee, irrespective of size of their holding.
Claims are automatically calculated based on shortfall in the current season
yield obtained from crop cutting experiments (CCE)

Weather Based Crop Insurance Scheme (WBCIS) aims to mitigate the hardship of the
insured farmers against the likelihood of financial loss on account of
anticipated crop loss resulting from incidence of adverse conditions of weather
parameters like rainfall, temperature, frost etc.

Mr. Rawat further added, the shift from a social crop insurance program with
ad-hoc funding from the Government of India to a market based crop insurance
program with actuarially sound premium rates and product design is a major step
forward. The improved product and active involvement of private sector insurance
markets are expected to lead to significant benefits for farmers including
faster claims settlement, a more equitable allocation of subsidies and lower
basis risk

Use of latest technology such as GPRS enabled and camera fitted mobile phones
may be used to implement Crop Insurance Schemes more effectively. A
comprehensive programme of capacity building in line with the needs of
stakeholders such as State Government functionaries, insurers and Central
Government agencies associated with Crop Insurance Schemes should be organized.
Programmes of creating awareness and insurance literacy among farmers should be
prepared by Insurance Companies and Banks, in collaboration with the concerned
state governments.

In order to make MNAIS and WBCIS a nationwide scheme, NCIP was introduced in
Rabi 2013-14 and NAIS was rolled back but the scheme faced reluctance from
states like Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat etc. Later on NAIS was also
implemented in some states in Rabi 2013-14.

Farm Income Insurance Scheme- Presently the government of India is working on
designing of new scheme farm income insurance scheme following are the salient
features of FIIS -

The Scheme provides - Comprehensive Risk Insurance -against Loss in Farm Income
(Short fall in Actual Income [AI] over Guaranteed Income [GI]) in a Notified
Area arising out of adverse fluctuations in yield due to occurrence of any one
or combination of non-preventable natural perils such as Flood, Inundation,
Storm, Cyclone, Hailstorm, Landslide Drought, Dry spells, large-scale outbreak
of Pests/ Diseases; and, adverse fluctuation of market prices, as measured
against MSP.

Agricultural production and farm incomes in India are frequently affected by
natural disasters such as drought, floods, cyclone, storm, landslide, earthquake
etc. Susceptibility of agriculture to these disasters is compounded by the
outbreak of epidemics and man-made disasters such as fire, sale of spurious
seeds, fertilizers and pesticides, price crashes, etc. All these events severely
affect farmers through loss in production and farm income, and are beyond the
control of farmers.

With growing commercialization of agriculture, the magnitude of loss due to
unfavourable eventualities is increasing. In recent times, mechanisms like
contract farming and futures trading have been established which are expected to
provide some insurance against price fluctuations directly or indirectly. But,
agricultural insurance is considered an important mechanism to effectively
address the risks to output and income resulting from various natural and
manmade events.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2015 ASSOCHAM, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

CM schemes under BJP fire

BYLINE: Our special correspondent

LENGTH: 471  words


Nitish Kumar, during his tenure as chief minister of the NDA-I government,
launched many schemes in the name of the chief minister.

The RJD, then in the Opposition, had remarked that he should start a scheme
called Mukhya Mantri Shauchalya Yojana (chief minister's toilet scheme).
However, on Tuesday, Nitish's former ally, the BJP, highlighted the plight of
all the schemes started in the name of the chief minister.

"The schemes launched in the name of the chief minister have become either
redundant or non-starters," said Leader of the Opposition Nand Kishore Yadav,
triggering off a din, as BJP MLAs rushed to the Well of the House and raised
slogans, forcing the Speaker to finish off the pre-lunch proceedings in a hurry.

The BJP leader was the road construction minister, when the schemes were
launched. "I remember the launch of 36 schemes in the name of the chief
minister. I cannot even recall the rest," he said. However, the plight of a few
prominent schemes in the name of the chief minister are indeed in a bad shape,
as MLAs complained that many of the schemes they had recommended had not seen
the light of day.

In 2009, Nitish stopped Rs 2 crore from being given to each MLA and MLC and
replaced it with the Chief Minister's Area Development Scheme.

Nand Kishore pointed out that in December 2014, a review of the scheme revealed
that of 16,573 projects recommended by legislators, administrative approval was
given to 6,012. Only 1,895 projects had been completed. Work on schemes to the
tune of Rs 458 crore was yet to start. The scheme was aimed at legislators
getting minor works such as road repair, replacement of transformers,
construction of school buildings or even getting drainage system made in their
respective constituencies.

Nitish had fixed a time limit for technical and administrative approval of these
recommended schemes. But none of the officials abided by the time schedule.
Legislators complained that they have had to pursue the schemes at the office of
the officials concerned.

The plight of other schemes being run in the name of the chief minister has also
been similar. The Chief Minister's Urban Development Scheme has proved to be a
non-starter, as the selection of projects had to be done by a committee headed
by the minister in-charge of the district and the district magistrate.

Graft slur

Transport minister Ramai Ram faced the Opposition's ire on denying a scandal in
the overloading of vehicles in his department.

BJP MLA Arun Shankar Prasad questioned the minister's reply, stressing that the
authorities took bribes for overloaded commercial vehicles instead of penalising
them, which led to a revenue loss for the state.

The MLA wanted to know how many vehicles had been penalised in the past two
years for overloading. The minister could not answer and the question was
deferred.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

CM schemes under BJP fire

BYLINE: Our special correspondent

LENGTH: 471  words


Nitish Kumar, during his tenure as chief minister of the NDA-I government,
launched many schemes in the name of the chief minister.

The RJD, then in the Opposition, had remarked that he should start a scheme
called Mukhya Mantri Shauchalya Yojana (chief minister's toilet scheme).
However, on Tuesday, Nitish's former ally, the BJP, highlighted the plight of
all the schemes started in the name of the chief minister.

"The schemes launched in the name of the chief minister have become either
redundant or non-starters," said Leader of the Opposition Nand Kishore Yadav,
triggering off a din, as BJP MLAs rushed to the Well of the House and raised
slogans, forcing the Speaker to finish off the pre-lunch proceedings in a hurry.

The BJP leader was the road construction minister, when the schemes were
launched. "I remember the launch of 36 schemes in the name of the chief
minister. I cannot even recall the rest," he said. However, the plight of a few
prominent schemes in the name of the chief minister are indeed in a bad shape,
as MLAs complained that many of the schemes they had recommended had not seen
the light of day.

In 2009, Nitish stopped Rs 2 crore from being given to each MLA and MLC and
replaced it with the Chief Minister's Area Development Scheme.

Nand Kishore pointed out that in December 2014, a review of the scheme revealed
that of 16,573 projects recommended by legislators, administrative approval was
given to 6,012. Only 1,895 projects had been completed. Work on schemes to the
tune of Rs 458 crore was yet to start. The scheme was aimed at legislators
getting minor works such as road repair, replacement of transformers,
construction of school buildings or even getting drainage system made in their
respective constituencies.

Nitish had fixed a time limit for technical and administrative approval of these
recommended schemes. But none of the officials abided by the time schedule.
Legislators complained that they have had to pursue the schemes at the office of
the officials concerned.

The plight of other schemes being run in the name of the chief minister has also
been similar. The Chief Minister's Urban Development Scheme has proved to be a
non-starter, as the selection of projects had to be done by a committee headed
by the minister in-charge of the district and the district magistrate.

Graft slur

Transport minister Ramai Ram faced the Opposition's ire on denying a scandal in
the overloading of vehicles in his department.

BJP MLA Arun Shankar Prasad questioned the minister's reply, stressing that the
authorities took bribes for overloaded commercial vehicles instead of penalising
them, which led to a revenue loss for the state.

The MLA wanted to know how many vehicles had been penalised in the past two
years for overloading. The minister could not answer and the question was
deferred.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Yet-to-be-approved housing venture lures public into deals

BYLINE: MOHAMMAD SALEEM

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 63

LENGTH: 744  words


A housing scheme, though not approved by the Faisalabad Development Authority
(FDA), has lured the public into deals.

On Jan 5, a case was registered with Civil Lines police against Malik Aamir,
owner of the Citi Housing Scheme  a private venture  and property dealer Azhar
Husain for selling registration forms (of plots) and advertising the scheme
illegally.

Police have yet to make any arrest while the FDA and district government have
not pursued the case.

PMLN MNA Dr Nisar Jutt says he will bring the issue into the notice of Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif so that private and government officials face the action.

He does not know when the prime minister will give him a personal hearing.
Meanwhile, the trade of plots is on in some shops at Iqbal Stadium.

Dawn learned five to eight property dealers  some of them from Lahore  have set
up their offices at the stadium selling forms. Some PMLN leaders are stated to
be engaged in the business.

A plain cream colour form, carrying the name of the housing scheme, has no
details of the plots to be allotted to the buyer. The buyers are to furnish
their particulars in the form, pay in cash and keep the forms with them till the
launch of the scheme.

The buyers cannot claim their money if the registration form is lost.

Salman Ahmed, a buyer of the form, told Dawn the form buyers had been promised
an incentive of hundreds of thousands of rupees when the scheme would be
launched.

He said the price of form fluctuated daily as it was being sold from Rs250,000
to 265,000 against its stated price of Rs50,000.

Irfan Majeed, a lawyer, failed to buy the form when he visited the office on
Wednesday. He said he was told that forms had been sold.

"While I was leaving the office, a man approached me and offered a form for
Rs300,000," he said.

Though police registered the first case against Citi Housing Scheme owner Malik
Aamir on Dec 19, 2013, the trade of plots is going on. The district government
had got registered the case for selling forms of the scheme without the approval
of the FDA.

The police closed the case file tagging it 'untraced'.

Wajid Hassan, FDA town planning director, was the complainant.

A second case was registered with the same police station.

This time, Ijaz Latif, FDA deputy director of town planning, was the applicant.

Mr Latif said the scheme was being advertised on local cable channels; the FDA
probed the issue and did not find any site where the scheme would be
established.

This correspondent has seen a letter by the FDA which establishes the scheme has
yet to be approved.

The scheme officials had submitted an application to the CDA for the approval of
the scheme.

The FDA replied with a letter titled "Preliminary planning permission for
housing scheme named Citi Housing Chak no 4JB, 5JB and 118JB" on February 9.

The letter reads: "The subject cited scheme comprising an area of 3300 kanal
situated at Chak No. 4JB, 5JB and 118JB Faisalabad has been scrutinised in the
light of Punjab Private Housing Schemes and Land SubDivision Rules 2010 and the
preliminary planning permissions issued subject to the following:

That the scheme shall be submitted for approval in accordance with rules ibid to
FDA, Faisalabad with the condition that total scheme area shall be without any
encumbrance.

The planning permission shall be valid for six months from the date of issuance.

It shall not be a permission to carry out any construction activities at the
proposed site.

It is not permission for marketing of plots/publicity of the scheme.

Furnish bank guarantee equivalent to the cost of appropriate RO Plant/s to be
installed in the scheme.

The layout plan of the scheme shall be in conformity with the Peri Urban plan
land uses/access."

FDA Additional Director General Yaqoob Khan, when contacted, told Dawn the
scheme had been approved.

He could not produce any document to prove his stance.

Maqbool Ahmed, FDA deputy director of town planning, said the scheme had been
given preliminary planning permission but the sale of forms and advertisement
was illegal.

A district government officer, seeking anonymity, said they were helpless
because of political pressure.

Majid, an official of the Citi Housing scheme, told Dawn police cases did not
matter as "we have permission and NOC for sale and purchase of forms and plots".
He also failed to produce the permission letter or the NOC.

When told that FDA officials had denied any such permission, he insisted on
knowing about the official who refuted his claim.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                          September 03, 2014 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

SA medical schemes stable but...

BYLINE:  Sapa

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 382 words


The South African medical schemes industry is stable but growth is worrying,
says the Council for Medical Schemes.

This follows a year-on-year increase of only 1.1 percent in the total number of
medical scheme beneficiaries between 2012 and last year, it said.

It released its annual report for 2013/2014 yesterday, which included a report
on the medical schemes industry.

"During the 2013 financial year medical schemes continued to merge. Such
developments are an expected response to market forces," registrar and acting
chief executive Daniel Lehutjo said.

This was not necessarily a negative development, or an indication of instability
in local medical schemes.

On December 21 last year there were 87 registered medical schemes, of which 24
were open and 63 restricted. These schemes had 8 776 279 beneficiaries,
comprising 3 878 267 principal members and 4 898 012 dependents.

Over the past decade, the number of medical schemes decreased from 133 to 87,
with a lot of consolidation of small, restricted schemes.

"We expect moderate growth due to the medical schemes industry's decreasing
growth rate since 2010," Lehutjo said.

"It is also the first time since 2006 that open schemes' growth, at 1.8 percent,
is more than that of restricted schemes, at 0.2 percent."

Scheme contributions increased by 10.4 percent last year and were R129.8 billion
as of December.

Contributions for 2012 amounted to R117.6bn. The total relevant healthcare
expenditure by medical schemes increased by 8.9 percent to R112.9bn from
R103.7bn in 2012.

Last year was the first time since 2005 when there was no significant increase
in expenditure paid to hospitals. Lehutjo said while the Council for Medical
Schemes was investigating the reasons for this trend, initial indications showed
private hospital admissions for expensive treatments had declined.

However, payments to medical specialists increased again, with payments of
R27.5bn, an increase of 8.4 percent in real terms when compared with the R25.4bn
in 2012.

General practitioners received R7.8bn or 7 percent of healthcare benefits paid,
an increase of 4.8 percent on the 2012 figure of R7.4bn.

The most significant increase in benefits paid last year was for support and
allied health professionals, such as lab technologists, physiotherapists and
psychologists.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Government clamps down on gold schemes

BYLINE: Anshul Dhamija & Sujit John

SECTION: BANGALORE

LENGTH: 567 words


BANGALORE: In a move that will upset many gold jewellery buyers, the government
has brought the hugely popular installment schemes under the definition of
public deposits. It means that most jewellers have to lower the effective
returns on these schemes, and also limit the total deposits collected.

Titan, the Tata Group company that owns the Tanishq and GoldPlus jewellery
brands, is stopping its current jewellery installment schemes and returning the
money deposited with it. The company has over Rs 1,000 crore of deposits under
the schemes from over 5 lakh customers. More than 20% of Titan's jewellery
division's revenue comes from these schemes.

Tanishq's scheme involved customers paying equal instalments for 11 months, and
Tanishq putting an equivalent sum in the 12th month; customers then had to use
the total sum accumulated to buy Tanishq jewellery. For customers, such schemes
significantly eased the process of buying expensive jewellery, besides offering
good rates of return. Titan said it would rework the schemes and introduce new
ones after it receives the necessary permissions.

Vani Prasad, a homemaker who sometimes helps her husband in his business, said
she was very disappointed when Tanishq told her they were discontinuing the
installment scheme. "I used it for more than five years. But for this scheme, I
would never have been able to get my husband into a jewellery store," she said.
Asked if she would consider a new scheme with a 12% return, she said she would
have to think about it.

CK Venkataraman, CEO, Titan's jewellery division, said the company met with the
ministry of corporate affairs which said that fresh rules introduced under the
new Companies Act, which became effective April 1, had brought the jewellery
schemes under stricter regulations to safeguard public interest.

"We welcome the regulation. We introduced the scheme 12 years ago, but since
then such schemes have become widespread, with thousands of crores of rupees
with jewellers as advances, which the government thought could pose risks. We
put all the money we collected in bank deposits and did not use any of it in the
business. But everybody may not follow such prudent policies," he said.

Under the new rules, the effective return on the deposits cannot be more than
12% and the total amount of deposits has to be within 25% of the company's net
worth. In the case of many jewellers, the effective return has been as high as
17% or more. In Titan's case, the total deposits were nearly 45% of the
company's net worth.

Almost all jewellers have similar schemes. Rajesh Mehta, founder of Rajesh
Exports, which runs jewellery chain Shubh Jewellers, said the schemes were
fundamentally meant to help the common man. "This government decision is
unfortunate. There is not much of an impact for us, as our gold schemes
constituted a very small part of the overall business. We are, however, in the
process of understanding the new regulations governing such schemes and will
take a decision shortly," he said.

C Vinod Hayagriv, MD of jeweller C Krishniah Chetty & Sons and past chairman of
The All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation, said his schemes already comply
with the new norms. "Through our schemes customers only got a marginal wavier on
either making charges or on the price of the product. The wavier is much less
than what others offer," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Government clamps down on gold schemes

BYLINE: Anshul Dhamija & Sujit John

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 567 words


BANGALORE: In a move that will upset many gold jewellery buyers, the government
has brought the hugely popular installment schemes under the definition of
public deposits. It means that most jewellers have to lower the effective
returns on these schemes, and also limit the total deposits collected.

Titan, the Tata Group company that owns the Tanishq and GoldPlus jewellery
brands, is stopping its current jewellery installment schemes and returning the
money deposited with it. The company has over Rs 1,000 crore of deposits under
the schemes from over 5 lakh customers. More than 20% of Titan's jewellery
division's revenue comes from these schemes.

Tanishq's scheme involved customers paying equal instalments for 11 months, and
Tanishq putting an equivalent sum in the 12th month; customers then had to use
the total sum accumulated to buy Tanishq jewellery. For customers, such schemes
significantly eased the process of buying expensive jewellery, besides offering
good rates of return. Titan said it would rework the schemes and introduce new
ones after it receives the necessary permissions.

Vani Prasad, a homemaker who sometimes helps her husband in his business, said
she was very disappointed when Tanishq told her they were discontinuing the
installment scheme. "I used it for more than five years. But for this scheme, I
would never have been able to get my husband into a jewellery store," she said.
Asked if she would consider a new scheme with a 12% return, she said she would
have to think about it.

CK Venkataraman, CEO, Titan's jewellery division, said the company met with the
ministry of corporate affairs which said that fresh rules introduced under the
new Companies Act, which became effective April 1, had brought the jewellery
schemes under stricter regulations to safeguard public interest.

"We welcome the regulation. We introduced the scheme 12 years ago, but since
then such schemes have become widespread, with thousands of crores of rupees
with jewellers as advances, which the government thought could pose risks. We
put all the money we collected in bank deposits and did not use any of it in the
business. But everybody may not follow such prudent policies," he said.

Under the new rules, the effective return on the deposits cannot be more than
12% and the total amount of deposits has to be within 25% of the company's net
worth. In the case of many jewellers, the effective return has been as high as
17% or more. In Titan's case, the total deposits were nearly 45% of the
company's net worth.

Almost all jewellers have similar schemes. Rajesh Mehta, founder of Rajesh
Exports, which runs jewellery chain Shubh Jewellers, said the schemes were
fundamentally meant to help the common man. "This government decision is
unfortunate. There is not much of an impact for us, as our gold schemes
constituted a very small part of the overall business. We are, however, in the
process of understanding the new regulations governing such schemes and will
take a decision shortly," he said.

C Vinod Hayagriv, MD of jeweller C Krishniah Chetty & Sons and past chairman of
The All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation, said his schemes already comply
with the new norms. "Through our schemes customers only got a marginal wavier on
either making charges or on the price of the product. The wavier is much less
than what others offer," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday

Rs 22.88b for mass transit schemes

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government has allocated Rs 22.880 billion to provide mass transit
schemes under which metro bus projects will be constructed in four cities of the
province.

The amount was allocated for eight mass transit schemes out of which four are
new and four are ongoing.



The new mass transit schemes include Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro Bus Project
escalators and platform screen doors (Rs 1520 million), mass transit system/BRTS
for Faisalabad (Rs 500 million), Orange Line Metro train project in Lahore (Rs
200 million) and Mass transit/BRTS for Multan (Rs 10,000 million).

The ongoing schemes are Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro bus Project package one which
starts from Flashman Hotel and ends at Committee Chowk (Rs 3306.670 million),
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro bus Project package II which starts from Committee
Chowk and ends at Sixth road (Rs 3076.760 million), Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro
bus Project package III which starts from Sixth lane and ends at IJP Road (Rs
2657.420 million) and Lahore Metro Bus System Project (Rs 1620 million).

The government has allocated an amount of Rs 22.880 billion under the head of
urban development. The total allocation for urban development projects is Rs
40.400 billion. It is pertinent to mention here that projects of mass transit
are consuming 56.633 per cent of the total budget of urban development.

Other development initiatives of the government to be taken in 2014-15 include
allocation of Green Development Fund (Rs 500 million), allocation for PLDC for
Ashyana Schemes (Rs 1000 million) and allocation for low income housing (Rs 500
million).

Under the Urban Development budget, the government has allocated Rs 9411.36
million for 30 ongoing schemes and Rs 8107.70 million for 39 new schemes.

The ongoing schemes include 07 schemes each in LDA/TEPA, WASA LDA and WASA FDA,
02 schemes each in WASA RDA and WASA MDA and one scheme each in RDA, GDA, WASA
GDA.

The new schemes include nine in WASA LDA, six schemes in WASA FDA, five schemes
each in WASA RDA and WASA GDA, four schemes in RDA, three schemes each in FDA
and WASA MDA, two schemes in GDA and one scheme each in LDA/TEPA and Urban
Renewal Program.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Your questions answered on single payment

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 345  words


With a new Single Payment Scheme coming into effect,  Arthur   Chambers   of
Carter Jonas, has compiled some brief answers to the most common questions
farmers might ask

Q I understand that the Single Payment Scheme is coming to an end and a new
scheme will take its place. When will this happen?

A The Single Payment Scheme started in 2005 and was originally set to finish at
the end of 2012. However due to the drawn-out negotiations in Brussels, the
scheme was extended through 2013 and 2014. The new scheme, which will be called
the Basic Payment Scheme (BPS), will commence on  January 1, 2015, and it will
be significantly different from the existing scheme.

Q What will happen to my Single Payment Scheme entitlements when the new scheme
comes in?

A Your existing Single Payment Scheme Entitlements will be lost but from January
1, 2015 you will be automatically reallocated the same number of new BPS
Entitlements.

Q I have recently read that under the new Single Payment Scheme that there will
be new regulations. In particular, I have seen a lot about 'Greening' being a
major part of the new scheme. What is 'Greening'?

A The new Scheme will include 'Greening' measures which do not exist under the
current Scheme. In order that farmers qualify to receive the full amount of
subsidy available, they will need to comply with these new measures. Although
the details are yet to be confirmed, 'Greening' will involve three elements:
permanent pasture, crop diversification and ecological focus areas. The rules
concerning permanent pasture are anticipated to be of little if any consequence
to farmers but the rules concerning crop diversification and ecological focus
areas will be onerous for some.  However some farmers may qualify for exemptions
from these greening measures although the rules in this respect are quite
complicated and care will be required to ensure the rules are correctly
interpreted because failure to do so could result in costly penalties.

Carter Jonas urges anyone with specific queries to contact the rural team in
Wells on 01749 677667.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The rural team at Carter Jonas has put together a series of questions
about the CAP basic payment scheme, to replace the single payment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            November 15, 2013 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical schemes to pass on costs

BYLINE:  Londiwe Buthelezi

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 526 words


Medical scheme members will continue to be worse off every year as the steady
rise in medical claims will see schemes pass on the costs through contribution
increases.

According to the medical schemes rating bulletin released by Global Credit
Ratings (GCR) yesterday, certain schemes have reported elevated claim ratios
despite adopting strategies to manage their claims costs, such as forming doctor
networks and naming designated service providers.

"Consumers will be slightly worse off each year because as claims costs
increase, medical schemes pass [on] the cost. Only the schemes with stronger
solvency will be able to absorb the cost. Medical schemes that aren't in a sound
financial position have very little power to negotiate and keep their claims
down," Marc Joffe, the director of GCR, said.

The bulletin showed that while schemes had significantly improved their
financial performance over the past three years, the trend of gradual increases
in claims costs could result in the industry exhibiting slightly weaker
operating results in the future.

GCR observed claims trends from 15 of the country's largest open schemes for
last year.

Joffe noted that claims increases at the open schemes were fairly aligned with
those of restricted schemes although claims relating to prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) were more prevalent in the former.

Joffe said the difference in the prevalence of PMB claims was a result of
differing beneficiary demographics between open and closed schemes.

The Council of Medical Schemes (CMS) 2012/13 annual report showed the age of
restricted scheme beneficiaries had declined significantly between 2004 and 2011
and was now sitting at 29.5 years. On the other hand, open schemes battled with
aging beneficiaries, whose average age was now 33.3 years.

"But all schemes say their claims costs are largely driven by PMBs. It's a
catch-22 situation because we want to keep the medical inflation low, but at the
same time PMBs have to be paid in full," Joffe said.

Medical inflation has consistently been about 4 percentage points above the
consumer inflation rate and Joffe said it was likely to remain between 3 and 5
percentage points above inflation in future. This meant that medical aid
affordability challenges would persist and people would continue buying down on
benefits as they had been doing.

Joffe said once the Competition Commission's inquiry into the health-care sector
has identified the cost drivers in the private sector, a reduction of claims
costs would be likely but he did not see medical inflation reaching the consumer
inflation rate.

The CMS figures showed that medical schemes spent 10 percent more on health-care
claims in 2011.

Between 2000 and 2011, amounts paid by schemes to private hospitals for each
member increased by 82.2 percent when adjusted for inflation, and by 74.3
percent in the case of medical specialists.

Joffe said even with growing scheme pools as a result of consolidation, which
was expected to accelerate, he did not see these costs coming down much because
hospital groups were largely in control of the price negotiation processes. He
said medical schemes would remain price takers.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                 The Sunday Star-Times (Auckland, New Zealand)

                            September 8, 2013 Sunday

Kiwisaver bucks churn into banks' schemes

BYLINE: By ROB STOCK

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 931 words


BANKS ARE winning the KiwiSaver churn wars, with ANZ flying highest, wooing
savers from non-bank rivals AMP, Mercer and Tower.

The bank schemes (excluding National Bank's, which has yet to report) sucked in
just over $254 million in net transfers from other schemes in the year to the
end of March.

By contrast, the two AMP schemes (one of which it inherited when it bought AXA,
and is merging into the other AMP scheme), and the Mercer scheme, lost $186m in
net transfers.

But the banks are not having it all their own way.

KiwiSaver investors aren't free to draw their money out of schemes, but they are
free to switch providers. Each year the winners and losers among the giant
schemes can be tracked through their annual financial statements.

With banks able to market through their branches, call centres and internet
banking, they have frequent opportunities to ask customers if they want to move
their KiwiSaver funds.

By sucking in so much extra money when financial markets have been kind, most of
the bank schemes show remarkable levels of asset growth, far in excess of the
large non-bank schemes.

The magic of KiwiSaver for scheme managers, though, is that ongoing
contributions from savers, employers and government mean the pie keeps growing
by double digits, regardless of success in the transfer game.

None of the big schemes had asset growth of less than 18 per cent.

ANZ, which punched below its weight in the churn wars in the previous year,
sucked in $101.6m in net transfers from other schemes.

As a result, it ended the year with a 56.4 per cent increase in assets under
management in the ANZ KiwiSaver scheme, which has now been merged with the
National Bank scheme to create a single scheme with over $2 billion of assets.

Westpac, which has been consistently successful in attracting customers, was
second best, winning $89.58m, which helped lift assets by 39 per cent, with net
transfers down marginally on the previous year.

ASB, which had the largest KiwiSaver scheme at the end of March, attracted a net
$27m, down slightly on the previous year. Its asset growth of 29.2 per cent was
relatively modest compared to that of Kiwibank, which launched its scheme at the
end of March, but thanks to net transfers of $28.38m saw assets increase by 88.6
per cent.

The Kiwibank scheme is a small one, and will be merged with the Gareth Morgan
scheme, which is the one Kiwibank now markets to customers, after buying
Morgan's investment group last year.

In the year before Kiwibank bought it, the Gareth Morgan scheme suffered net
negative transfers of $10m, but with Kiwibank's distribution behind it, that
reversed to a net $16.1m of inward transfers.

The only one of the big schemes for which it is not possible to calculate net
transfers is Tower's, which does not report on transfers in, though it did
report transfers out of $56.39m.

Given the Tower scheme's asset growth was only slightly higher than the AMP
Wealth scheme's, and slightly lower than the AMP scheme's, it is possible it is
among those that lost ground in the churn wars.

Tower Investments, however, has been bought by Carmel Fisher's Fisher Funds,
which acquired both the Huljich and the Credit Unions schemes. Fisher Funds has
a track record of strong net transfers in.

Peter Christensen is a director of KiwiSaver manager Grosvenor Financial
Services, and he reckons there's more to holding your own in the churn wars than
just being a bank.

Strong communicators like Milford, Fisher Funds, and in a very different way
Grosvenor, which distributes its scheme through financial advisers who have a
close relationship with clients, are holding their own well.

That contrasts with organisations lacking the banks' relationship with clients,
and which are also less successful at communicating with multiple distant
clients, in other words Mercer, AMP and, until recently, Tower.

Nobody from AMP would speak on the issue, or how it was addressing the KiwiSaver
net transfer drain, preferring only to issue a short statement.

"AMP is committed to KiwiSaver and ensuring New Zealanders' retirement outcomes
are enhanced. We have a specialist KiwiSaver team which is directly engaged with
our customers, providing specialist advice to secure their long-term financial
future.

"Additionally, we have the largest team of AFA-qualified advisers in the
country. This sees AMP best-placed to help KiwiSaver customers who are
continuing to need more expert advice about their retirement savings."

Mercer's Martin Lewington agreed the key to retention was communication, adding
Mercer had made strides in reversing the drain. "In the year to the end of
August (net transfers out) are much improved. They are running 60 per cent of
the level they were running at last year," he said.

Lewington said that was the result of improved communications, especially the
improvement in web services, including launching a smartphone app to make
viewing balances easier.

But Christensen believes banks are not always playing fair, saying he's seen
practices which "merit further investigation".

"Sometimes they can be a bit manipulative. We have had clients who have gone out
and taken a mortgage, and the bank has asked them to complete a range of
documents, and one of them has been a KiwiSaver transfer form," he said.

There could be another factor at play in just how sticky a scheme's funds under
management are, Christensen said - the growing trend for Kiwi-owned fund
managers (Grosvenor included) to stress that fact.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Winners are grinners: Not all animals are equal, above, and Mercer's Martin
Lewington, left.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Failure to reform medical schemes is costing you;
Your contributions would be lower if government resumed its reform programme and
medical schemes clamped down on fraud. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1078 words


The medical scheme industry is at risk of becoming a "regulatory orphan" while
government focuses on National Health Insurance (NHI), and the failure to follow
through on its reforms is costing you, the member, money, a medical scheme
conference heard this week.

The annual Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference, which was held in Cape
Town this week, heard that contributions could be almost 30 percent cheaper if
government completed its reforms, the industry collaborated to eradicate fraud
and schemes identified the most efficient healthcare providers (see "Your
contributions could be 30 percent cheaper", right).

The BHF's members include medical schemes and the administrators of schemes.

Christoff Raath, an actuary and chief executive of the Health Monitor Company,
says that, because recent health reforms have focused exclusively on NHI, the
regulation of the medical scheme industry is being neglected, and it is at risk
of becoming a "regulatory orphan".

The Medical Schemes Act introduced "social solidarity", which means that your
contributions are unrelated to your health risks and, in general, your claims
are paid according to your needs, not what you can afford to pay.

But the introduction of community rating (all members who belong to an option
pay the same contributions), open enrolment (schemes must admit anyone as a
member) and prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) (essential benefits that, by law,
all schemes must cover) without the implementation of measures to ensure the
sustainability of the medical scheme industry has been "toxic", Raath says.

The required sustainability measures include risk equalisation (equalising the
cost of providing minimum benefits across schemes) and compulsory membership (at
least for employed people), he says.

To strengthen the private healthcare system, policymakers discussed the
introduction of low-income schemes, a package of common benefits that was priced
for an entire scheme rather than by option, and income cross-subsidies (where
high earners subsidise the contributions of low earners). These measures were
scheduled to be implemented, but fell off the radar when government shifted its
healthcare policy focus to the implementation of NHI.

Raath says that schemes are now stuck halfway on a reform path that has been
stopped.

NHI is an important and necessary policy and Health Minister|Dr Aaron Motsoaledi
has had some significant achievements, he says.

The problem is that NHI may take 25 years to implement. Case studies show that
the shortest time for any country to implement NHI was 40 years, he says. The
question is: what happens to medical schemes in the meantime?

Although some amendments to the Medical Schemes Act have now been proposed, risk
equalisation has been abandoned and mandatory membership for the employed is
also not on the cards.

In addition, Dr Anban Pillay, deputy director-general of health regulatory and
compliance at the Department of Health, says it is unlikely that the amendment
bill will come before Parliament during this year's legislative cycle.

Competition stifled

The conference heard that the way in which the healthcare system is structured
prevents competition that would lower the cost of healthcare for scheme members
and users of the public healthcare system.

As a result, medical schemes are competing by incrementally reducing their
benefits, says Professor Alex van den Heever, who holds the Chair in Social
Security Systems, Administration and Management at the University of the
Witwatersrand. In other words, each scheme is trying to stay ahead of the pack
by making you pay for more of your health care, instead of the scheme paying out
of its risk benefits.

The Competition Commission is due to begin its inquiry into the|private
healthcare sector next month. Van den Heever says that, if the commission does
its job properly, it will identify both the problems in the healthcare sector
and the rules that must be introduced to enhance competition.

The commission aims to complete its work within two years, but speakers at the
BHF conference expressed doubt that the commission could meet this deadline and
said a five-year horizon would be more realistic.

The Department of Health is awaiting the outcome of the inquiry before
addressing problems with one of the main features of the medical scheme
regulatory regime, the PMBs. The PMB regulations oblige medical schemes to pay
your PMB claims in full, regardless of what your doctor or other healthcare
provider charges.

Raath says that, as a result of the absence of any regulated ethical or
guideline tariffs for healthcare ser-vices, the PMBs have had a "toxic" effect
on schemes' finances.

Guideline tariffs were in place until 2010, when they were struck down by the
North Gauteng High Court on the grounds that the process by which they were
drawn up was flawed.

The PMBs are absolutely necessary to ensure that you, the member, are properly
protected against healthcare costs and "junk" pro-ducts that could emerge in an
unregulated environment, Raath says.

The problem is that, because schemes are obliged to pay PMB claims in full, some
providers are inflating their tariffs for PMB ser-vices. Raath says this is now
a very real and significant problem.

Recently, the Government Employees Medical Scheme disclosed that, had it been
able to pay for PMB services at its scheme rate rather than in full, it would
have saved R1.1 billion on PMB claims last year.

The spiralling cost of PMBs is a systemic issue and someone, be it the
Department of Public Service and Administration, public servants themselves,
taxpayers or National Treasury, should take note that the figures are so high,
Raath says.

Health Monitor has collected data that explicitly show that practitioners are
progressively charging more for PMB claims relative to non-PMB claims.

Van den Heever says it would be "suicidal" to wait for the outcome of the
Competition Commission's inquiry before regulating the tariffs for healthcare
services.

A regulated framework in which schemes and healthcare providers can negotiate
tariffs - and that includes proper disclosure about the costs of healthcare
providers' ser-vices - should be implemented before the commission completes it
work, Van den Heever says. This would enable the inquiry to test the efficacy of
that mechanism.

The BHF conference heard that|another key issue that has yet to be addressed is
the threat that health insurance products pose to medical schemes (see page 4).

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                August 24, 2013
                                   E1 Edition

Failure to reform medical schemes is costing you;
Your contributions would be lower if government resumed its reform programme and
medical schemes clamped down on fraud. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1079 words


The medical scheme industry is at risk of becoming a "regulatory orphan" while
government focuses on National Health Insurance (NHI), and the failure to follow
through on its reforms is costing you, the member, money, a medical scheme
conference heard this week.

The annual Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference, which was held in Cape
Town this week, heard that contributions could be almost 30 percent cheaper if
government completed its reforms, the industry collaborated to eradicate fraud
and schemes identified the most efficient healthcare providers (see "Your
contributions could be 30 percent cheaper", right).

The BHF's members include medical schemes and the administrators of schemes.

Christoff Raath, an actuary and chief executive of the Health Monitor Company,
says that, because recent health reforms have focused exclusively on NHI, the
regulation of the medical scheme industry is being neglected, and it is at risk
of becoming a "regulatory orphan".

The Medical Schemes Act introduced "social solidarity", which means that your
contributions are unrelated to your health risks and, in general, your claims
are paid according to your needs, not what you can afford to pay.

But the introduction of community rating (all members who belong to an option
pay the same contributions), open enrolment (schemes must admit anyone as a
member) and prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) (essential benefits that, by law,
all schemes must cover) without the implementation of measures to ensure the
sustainability of the medical scheme industry has been "toxic", Raath says.

The required sustainability measures include risk equalisation (equalising the
cost of providing minimum benefits across schemes) and compulsory membership (at
least for employed people), he says.

To strengthen the private healthcare system, policymakers discussed the
introduction of low-income schemes, a package of common benefits that was priced
for an entire scheme rather than by option, and income cross-subsidies (where
high earners subsidise the contributions of low earners). These measures were
scheduled to be implemented, but fell off the radar when government shifted its
healthcare policy focus to the implementation of NHI.

Raath says that schemes are now stuck halfway on a reform path that has been
stopped.

NHI is an important and necessary policy and Health Minister|Dr Aaron Motsoaledi
has had some significant achievements, he says.

The problem is that NHI may take 25 years to implement. Case studies show that
the shortest time for any country to implement NHI was 40 years, he says. The
question is: what happens to medical schemes in the meantime?

Although some amendments to the Medical Schemes Act have now been proposed, risk
equalisation has been abandoned and mandatory membership for the employed is
also not on the cards.

In addition, Dr Anban Pillay, deputy director-general of health regulatory and
compliance at the Department of Health, says it is unlikely that the amendment
bill will come before Parliament during this year's legislative cycle.

Competition stifled

The conference heard that the way in which the healthcare system is structured
prevents competition that would lower the cost of healthcare for scheme members
and users of the public healthcare system.

As a result, medical schemes are competing by incrementally reducing their
benefits, says Professor Alex van den Heever, who holds the Chair in Social
Security Systems, Administration and Management at the University of the
Witwatersrand. In other words, each scheme is trying to stay ahead of the pack
by making you pay for more of your health care, instead of the scheme paying out
of its risk benefits.

The Competition Commission is due to begin its inquiry into the|private
healthcare sector next month. Van den Heever says that, if the commission does
its job properly, it will identify both the problems in the healthcare sector
and the rules that must be introduced to enhance competition.

The commission aims to complete its work within two years, but speakers at the
BHF conference expressed doubt that the commission could meet this deadline and
said a five-year horizon would be more realistic.

The Department of Health is awaiting the outcome of the inquiry before
addressing problems with one of the main features of the medical scheme
regulatory regime, the PMBs. The PMB regulations oblige medical schemes to pay
your PMB claims in full, regardless of what your doctor or other healthcare
provider charges.

Raath says that, as a result of the absence of any regulated ethical or
guideline tariffs for healthcare ser-vices, the PMBs have had a "toxic" effect
on schemes' finances.

Guideline tariffs were in place until 2010, when they were struck down by the
North Gauteng High Court on the grounds that the process by which they were
drawn up was flawed.

The PMBs are absolutely necessary to ensure that you, the member, are properly
protected against healthcare costs and "junk" pro-ducts that could emerge in an
unregulated environment, Raath says.

The problem is that, because schemes are obliged to pay PMB claims in full, some
providers are inflating their tariffs for PMB ser-vices. Raath says this is now
a very real and significant problem.

Recently, the Government Employees Medical Scheme disclosed that, had it been
able to pay for PMB services at its scheme rate rather than in full, it would
have saved R1.1 billion on PMB claims last year.

The spiralling cost of PMBs is a systemic issue and someone, be it the
Department of Public Service and Administration, public servants themselves,
taxpayers or National Treasury, should take note that the figures are so high,
Raath says.

Health Monitor has collected data that explicitly show that practitioners are
progressively charging more for PMB claims relative to non-PMB claims.

Van den Heever says it would be "suicidal" to wait for the outcome of the
Competition Commission's inquiry before regulating the tariffs for healthcare
services.

A regulated framework in which schemes and healthcare providers can negotiate
tariffs - and that includes proper disclosure about the costs of healthcare
providers' ser-vices - should be implemented before the commission completes it
work, Van den Heever says. This would enable the inquiry to test the efficacy of
that mechanism.

The BHF conference heard that|another key issue that has yet to be addressed is
the threat that health insurance products pose to medical schemes (see page 20).

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Failure to reform medical schemes is costing you;
Your contributions would be lower if government resumed its reform programme and
medical schemes clamped down on fraud. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1079 words


The medical scheme industry is at risk of becoming a "regulatory orphan" while
government focuses on National Health Insurance (NHI), and the failure to follow
through on its reforms is costing you, the member, money, a medical scheme
conference heard this week.

The annual Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF) conference, which was held in Cape
Town this week, heard that contributions could be almost 30 percent cheaper if
government completed its reforms, the industry collaborated to eradicate fraud
and schemes identified the most efficient healthcare providers (see "Your
contributions could be 30 percent cheaper", right).

The BHF's members include medical schemes and the administrators of schemes.

Christoff Raath, an actuary and chief executive of the Health Monitor Company,
says that, because recent health reforms have focused exclusively on NHI, the
regulation of the medical scheme industry is being neglected, and it is at risk
of becoming a "regulatory orphan".

The Medical Schemes Act introduced "social solidarity", which means that your
contributions are unrelated to your health risks and, in general, your claims
are paid according to your needs, not what you can afford to pay.

But the introduction of community rating (all members who belong to an option
pay the same contributions), open enrolment (schemes must admit anyone as a
member) and prescribed minimum benefits (PMBs) (essential benefits that, by law,
all schemes must cover) without the implementation of measures to ensure the
sustainability of the medical scheme industry has been "toxic", Raath says.

The required sustainability measures include risk equalisation (equalising the
cost of providing minimum benefits across schemes) and compulsory membership (at
least for employed people), he says.

To strengthen the private healthcare system, policymakers discussed the
introduction of low-income schemes, a package of common benefits that was priced
for an entire scheme rather than by option, and income cross-subsidies (where
high earners subsidise the contributions of low earners). These measures were
scheduled to be implemented, but fell off the radar when government shifted its
healthcare policy focus to the implementation of NHI.

Raath says that schemes are now stuck halfway on a reform path that has been
stopped.

NHI is an important and necessary policy and Health Minister|Dr Aaron Motsoaledi
has had some significant achievements, he says.

The problem is that NHI may take 25 years to implement. Case studies show that
the shortest time for any country to implement NHI was 40 years, he says. The
question is: what happens to medical schemes in the meantime?

Although some amendments to the Medical Schemes Act have now been proposed, risk
equalisation has been abandoned and mandatory membership for the employed is
also not on the cards.

In addition, Dr Anban Pillay, deputy director-general of health regulatory and
compliance at the Department of Health, says it is unlikely that the amendment
bill will come before Parliament during this year's legislative cycle.

Competition stifled

The conference heard that the way in which the healthcare system is structured
prevents competition that would lower the cost of healthcare for scheme members
and users of the public healthcare system.

As a result, medical schemes are competing by incrementally reducing their
benefits, says Professor Alex van den Heever, who holds the Chair in Social
Security Systems, Administration and Management at the University of the
Witwatersrand. In other words, each scheme is trying to stay ahead of the pack
by making you pay for more of your health care, instead of the scheme paying out
of its risk benefits.

The Competition Commission is due to begin its inquiry into the|private
healthcare sector next month. Van den Heever says that, if the commission does
its job properly, it will identify both the problems in the healthcare sector
and the rules that must be introduced to enhance competition.

The commission aims to complete its work within two years, but speakers at the
BHF conference expressed doubt that the commission could meet this deadline and
said a five-year horizon would be more realistic.

The Department of Health is awaiting the outcome of the inquiry before
addressing problems with one of the main features of the medical scheme
regulatory regime, the PMBs. The PMB regulations oblige medical schemes to pay
your PMB claims in full, regardless of what your doctor or other healthcare
provider charges.

Raath says that, as a result of the absence of any regulated ethical or
guideline tariffs for healthcare ser-vices, the PMBs have had a "toxic" effect
on schemes' finances.

Guideline tariffs were in place until 2010, when they were struck down by the
North Gauteng High Court on the grounds that the process by which they were
drawn up was flawed.

The PMBs are absolutely necessary to ensure that you, the member, are properly
protected against healthcare costs and "junk" pro-ducts that could emerge in an
unregulated environment, Raath says.

The problem is that, because schemes are obliged to pay PMB claims in full, some
providers are inflating their tariffs for PMB ser-vices. Raath says this is now
a very real and significant problem.

Recently, the Government Employees Medical Scheme disclosed that, had it been
able to pay for PMB services at its scheme rate rather than in full, it would
have saved R1.1 billion on PMB claims last year.

The spiralling cost of PMBs is a systemic issue and someone, be it the
Department of Public Service and Administration, public servants themselves,
taxpayers or National Treasury, should take note that the figures are so high,
Raath says.

Health Monitor has collected data that explicitly show that practitioners are
progressively charging more for PMB claims relative to non-PMB claims.

Van den Heever says it would be "suicidal" to wait for the outcome of the
Competition Commission's inquiry before regulating the tariffs for healthcare
services.

A regulated framework in which schemes and healthcare providers can negotiate
tariffs - and that includes proper disclosure about the costs of healthcare
providers' ser-vices - should be implemented before the commission completes it
work, Van den Heever says. This would enable the inquiry to test the efficacy of
that mechanism.

The BHF conference heard that|another key issue that has yet to be addressed is
the threat that health insurance products pose to medical schemes (see page 16).

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                  May 5, 2013

Pension deficits were a problem long before Waterford ruling

SECTION: MARKETS

LENGTH: 744 words


Reaction to the European Court of Justice's ruling on the Waterford Glass
pension scheme has been largely misguided.

Even if the government had set up a pension bailout scheme in 2007, the
Waterford Glass scheme would probably still have wound up with the same EUR 110
million deficit in 2009. A bailout scheme might have changed -- slightly -- who
has to pick up the tab. But that's all. The real question is how Waterford Glass
and other defined benefit (DB) schemes were allowed to run up deficits in the
hundreds of millions? Where was the Pensions Board?

The Pensions Act 1990, which established the Pensions Board, requires DB schemes
to complete an actuarial valuation every three years and submit it to the
Pensions Board. The valuation tests if the scheme meets the funding standard, ie
would it have enough assets to meet its accrued liabilities if it were wound up
at that date.

Where a scheme fails to meet the funding standard -- in other words, is
technically insolvent on a break-up basis -- it must submit to the Pensions
Board a recovery proposal showing how the scheme will become solvent by the next
valuation in three years time. Inevitably this would require more money to be
pumped into the scheme and/or benefits to be reduced.

However, crucially, section 49(3) of the Act allowed an out. The Pensions Board
could 'modify' the requirement for insolvent schemes to submit a recovery
proposal "in such circumstances and on such terms as it considers appropriate".

What started out as a gap in the hedge, to be used by a small number of
insolvent schemes for a temporary period, eventually turned into a Grand Canyon
allowing all insolvent schemes, like Waterford Glass, to 'extend and pretend' --
and run up enormous deficits.

In 2003, the legislation was changed to allow insolvent schemes to apply to the
Pensions Board to extend the solvency recovery period from its then three-year
limit. The Pensions Board set a new normal maximum recovery period of ten years.
A press release from the Minister for Social and Family Affairs at the time
trumpeted the change as a "move to facilitate flexibility in the funding of
occupational pension schemes".

The grounds for applying for an extension in the recovery period were initially
restricted to investment returns being lower than expected, but were extended in
2005 to include liabilities being more than expected. Both sides of the balance
sheet were covered.

In February 2005 the Pensions Board indicated that these measures, "introduced
in 2003, and intended to apply on a short-term basis, will become a continuing
feature of the Funding Standard".

So 'extend and pretend' was institutionalised as part of the DB regulatory
system in early 2005. In reality it no longer was a big deal for a DB scheme to
fail to meet the funding standard -- it could apply to the Pensions Board to
kick the can down the road.

When the financial crisis hit in 2008, the regulatory system bent once again. In
December 2008 the deadline for insolvent schemes to submit a recovery proposal
was extended by six months, and the Pensions Board indicated it would now
consider applications for solvency recovery periods of more than ten years.

Further extensions to the deadline for submission of recovery proposals were
granted in May 2009, April 2010, October 2010, June 2012, and September 2012
which set a final final deadline of June 30, 2013.

It seems reality finally dawned on the Pensions Board in June 2012 when it
started to reel in the 'extend and pretend' regime for insolvent schemes which
had developed since 2003. In particular it has set a new deadline of 2023 for
insolvent schemes to become solvent, while specifying additional reserving
requirements for all DB schemes from January 2016. But all too late, really, to
tackle the deeply insolvent schemes like the Waterford Glass scheme which wound
up in 2009 with a EUR 110 million deficit.

Some insolvent schemes had been allowed to trade and accrue additional
liabilities for far too long. A growing structural deficit in some DB schemes,
caused by increasing longevity, lower investment returns and inadequate
contributions, was confused with a 'temporary' liquidity problem caused by
volatile investment market conditions. Sound familiar?

It now looks like the tab for the failure to adequately regulate some insolvent
DB schemes will be picked up by the taxpayer. Sound familiar?

*Tony Gilhawley is director of Technical Guidance, an actuarial consultancy*

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             October 7, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Ignore the defined-benefit pension deficit at your peril

BYLINE: JOHN TUOHY

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 854 words


How secure is your pension? If you have a definedbenefit (DB) pension, you may
think you are one of the lucky ones and that you can look forward to putting
your feet up in retirement.

Well, think again.

Until recent years, members of DB schemes were oblivious to any aspect of their
pension. Employers were happy to know that contribution rates were not too
onerous.

The regulator was relaxed enough to exempt group pension arrangements from the
various warnings introduced to most individual investments over the past 20
years. You know, the statements that start, "Your unit funds can fall as well as
rise, and are not guaranteed."

Unfortunately, and perhaps too late, all has changed.

For a start, about 80% of existing DB schemes are now in deficit. The Central
Bank has also introduced a new regulation that will make it compulsory to
include a risk statement on all annual benefit statements issued to members of
DB schemes from 2013.

The statement reads: "The scheme is funded by contributions paid by the
employer(s) [and members]. Actuarial advice will have been obtained when setting
those contributions. However, there is no guarantee that the scheme will have
sufficient funds to pay the benefits promised.

"It is therefore possible that the benefits payable under the scheme may have to
be reduced. If the scheme is wound up and there is a deficit, the employer(s)
may not be under an obligation to fund the deficit or, even if the employer(s)
are under such an obligation, they may not be in a position to fund the
deficit."

This health warning is frightening for an employee who never countenanced
anything other than collecting a monthly pension cheque from retirement age.

Unfortunately, many people do not read their annual benefit statement and will
carry on living under this delusion.

I'm not sure which camp I'd prefer to be in: blissful ignorance or stark
reality.

In the long term, though, the financial consequences of the funding problems
involving the majority of DB schemes cannot be avoided.

Investment health warnings are normally there to warn people of the unexpected.
For a great many members of DB schemes, there is simply not enough money being
contributed into schemes to ensure the benefits will be provided.

Most employers cannot afford the required additional funds to bring their scheme
out of deficit. This new risk statement will inevitably lead to pressure on
employers/trustees for more information.

Arguably, the risk statement does not go far enough. It may give the impression
that, if the scheme is not in deficit, things may be fine for the individual
member. This is not the case.

Let's say you are going to retire next year, having reached a normal retirement
age of 65, and you expect a pension of (EURO)20,000 per annum, based on your
final income and years of service. The pot of money set aside for you is
(EURO)300,000, but you should know that at current interest rates, the real cost
of providing your pension is closer to (EURO)450,000.

In the normal course of events, the extra funding would be found in the overall
scheme from the contributions of younger scheme members or by the employer
making extra contributions.

These are not "normal" times. Even within one year of retirement, your pension
benefit may not be secure, even if the overall scheme is not in deficit. The
position for a younger employee is significantly worse.

Progressive companies want to do the best thing by their employees. When it
comes to a pension deficit, this has often involved companies throwing money at
the problem, with diminishing rates of success.

Companies and employee representatives now need to determine whether papering
over the cracks in DB schemes is the right approach or whether they would be
better off redirecting those additional funds into modern, well-funded defined
contribution schemes.

DB pension schemes do not provide a guaranteed retirement income. They provide
an expectation of a certain retirement income. There is a big difference between
a guarantee and an expectation.

In the end - even at the end of a long career - all you have is a promise from
the trustees, which can be honoured only if they can take the money from other
scheme members, or if the employer has deep pockets.

The money notionally allocated to you within the scheme is just that: notional.
It can be taken from you and allocated to someone else as the need arises. The
risk statement needs to make this point much clearer. A defined contribution
scheme is transparent: contributions and investment returns (after charges) are
yours alone, and they cannot be taken away and redistributed by the scheme
trustees.

Defined contribution schemes are exposed to the volatility of the investment
markets, and some funds and assets are riskier than others. But ultimately that
decision is the member's.

DB schemes are in crisis.

Unless you belong to a scheme with an employer with the deepest pockets, you
should consider - if it is available and the penalties aren't too high - of
moving all your retirement funds into a defined contribution scheme.

John Tuohy is chief executive of Acuvest, an adviser; acuvest.ie

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Airport staff are in dispute with Aer Lingus over pensions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

You have been warned, and that is enough

BYLINE:  YASIR HAbIB

SECTION: Vol. II No. 297

LENGTH: 541  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA), instead of taking action against illegal
private housing schemes, has decided to be contended with issuing warnings to
people, Pakistan Today has learnt.

LDA declared 14 private housing schemes as illegal in 2012, which include Vital
Homes Housing Schemes,Ideal Garden Society, Green Cap Housing Scheme, Fateh
villas,Malik Park,Grand Avenue Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme,
Subhan Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Akhtarabad
Housing Scheme, Wak Land and Elite Town. Now, LDA, in view of the frequent
complaints regarding sale of plots on additional land or un-approved area by the
sponsors of approved private housing schemes, has advised the intending buyers
for ascertaining the legal position of a plot before finalising any transaction
in these schemes. LDA has also warned the people to beware of purchasing such
plots as well that had been mortgaged with LDA as guarantee for completing
development works in these schemes by their owners.

People have been recommended to contact LDA director commercialisation at his
office at 467-D-II Johar Town, for getting details about the exact status of a
plot before purchasing it, in order to avoid inconvenience. LDA official said
LDA would not be responsible for any loss if care was not taken and this advice
was not followed by the purchasers. LDA had already informed the general public
that sponsors of 14 private housing schemes at Ferozepur Road were illegally
offering sale and purchase of plots because LDA had not granted approval for
these schemes. Tracing back the genesis of the problem, it transpires that
highly influential land mafia started launching private housing schemes in
different parts of the city. Like anywhere, sponsors of these housing schemes
assured the plot-seekers about provision of all the basic amenities by duly
fulfilling all requirements of the LDA.

However, after a lapse of many years, neither the basic amenities have been
provided nor the approvals of the schemes have been obtained. Majority of the
people have not been given possession of their pieces of land in these schemes.
Where owners have got possession, they are unable to build houses due to the
absence of basic amenities like roads, electricity, gas, water supply and
sewerage system. The housing schemes declared illegal by the LDA are located in
different areas of the city like Ferozepur Road, GT Road, Raiwind Road, Multan
Road and Lahore Canal.

The LDA's official housing schemes falling in Gulberg I, II and III, Garden
Town, Muslim Town, Allama Iqbal Town, Samanabad, Sabzazar, Johar Town, Gujjar
Pura, Taj Pura, Mohlanwal, Gulshan Ravi and other localities are also under
strict scrutiny. The issue of illegal housing schemes came to the limelight when
Manshaur Rehman, resident of Khanewal, complained that the Punjab government had
notified the Punjab Private Site Development (Regulations) Rules 2005 on January
25, 2005, but its provisions could not be implemented in letter and spirit. The
CJP, after the report from the chief secretary on the issue, directed that it be
released to the Press for publication so that general public making investment
in such societies might know about their affairs.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

You have been warned, and that is enough

BYLINE:  YASIR HAbIB

SECTION: Vol. II No. 297

LENGTH: 541  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA), instead of taking action against illegal
private housing schemes, has decided to be contended with issuing warnings to
people, Pakistan Today has learnt.

LDA declared 14 private housing schemes as illegal in 2012, which include Vital
Homes Housing Schemes,Ideal Garden Society, Green Cap Housing Scheme, Fateh
villas,Malik Park,Grand Avenue Housing Scheme, Gulberg Park Housing Scheme,
Subhan Gardens Housing Scheme, Anwar Town, Roshan Town, Faisal Town, Akhtarabad
Housing Scheme, Wak Land and Elite Town. Now, LDA, in view of the frequent
complaints regarding sale of plots on additional land or un-approved area by the
sponsors of approved private housing schemes, has advised the intending buyers
for ascertaining the legal position of a plot before finalising any transaction
in these schemes. LDA has also warned the people to beware of purchasing such
plots as well that had been mortgaged with LDA as guarantee for completing
development works in these schemes by their owners.

People have been recommended to contact LDA director commercialisation at his
office at 467-D-II Johar Town, for getting details about the exact status of a
plot before purchasing it, in order to avoid inconvenience. LDA official said
LDA would not be responsible for any loss if care was not taken and this advice
was not followed by the purchasers. LDA had already informed the general public
that sponsors of 14 private housing schemes at Ferozepur Road were illegally
offering sale and purchase of plots because LDA had not granted approval for
these schemes. Tracing back the genesis of the problem, it transpires that
highly influential land mafia started launching private housing schemes in
different parts of the city. Like anywhere, sponsors of these housing schemes
assured the plot-seekers about provision of all the basic amenities by duly
fulfilling all requirements of the LDA.

However, after a lapse of many years, neither the basic amenities have been
provided nor the approvals of the schemes have been obtained. Majority of the
people have not been given possession of their pieces of land in these schemes.
Where owners have got possession, they are unable to build houses due to the
absence of basic amenities like roads, electricity, gas, water supply and
sewerage system. The housing schemes declared illegal by the LDA are located in
different areas of the city like Ferozepur Road, GT Road, Raiwind Road, Multan
Road and Lahore Canal.

The LDA's official housing schemes falling in Gulberg I, II and III, Garden
Town, Muslim Town, Allama Iqbal Town, Samanabad, Sabzazar, Johar Town, Gujjar
Pura, Taj Pura, Mohlanwal, Gulshan Ravi and other localities are also under
strict scrutiny. The issue of illegal housing schemes came to the limelight when
Manshaur Rehman, resident of Khanewal, complained that the Punjab government had
notified the Punjab Private Site Development (Regulations) Rules 2005 on January
25, 2005, but its provisions could not be implemented in letter and spirit. The
CJP, after the report from the chief secretary on the issue, directed that it be
released to the Press for publication so that general public making investment
in such societies might know about their affairs.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Mature Schemes Provide Meaningful Pensions [opinion]

LENGTH: 908 words


The recent debate in the Press over the intended increase in NSSA pension fund
contributions has revealed some interesting perceptions and misconceptions about
the role of a national social security fund. One major newspaper, in an
editorial comment, suggested the original purpose of Zimbabwe's social security
pension scheme was to provide "a rock-bottom pension that would keep the
previously uninsured person from dying of starvation and would provide useful
pocket money at a low price for those on occupational pensions".

That is not how social security schemes are perceived in other countries,
particularly those that have had such schemes for many decades. It is not how
Zimbabwe's social security scheme was designed.

In most developed and developing countries, it is the national social security
pension that is the standard pension citizens of those countries expect to
receive in their old age.

Private pension schemes, commonly referred to as complementary schemes, are seen
as providing additional (top-up) income to the national pension scheme benefits
paid to those who contributed to the national scheme during their period of
employment.

The national pension scheme operated by NSSA was not designed to provide a rock
bottom pension but over time to provide pensions that replace up to 60 percent
or more of the insurable income on retirement of those who contributed to the
scheme since their youth.

The ideal would be for the insurable earnings to be the same as actual earnings,
so that one's pension was 60 percent of actual income at retirement.

However, if contributions were paid as a percentage of a maximum insurable
earnings limit, such as the US$200 ceiling that has been effective since May
2010, then the pension would be 60 percent of that limit.

The reason NSSA pensions are low at present is that at this stage of the pension
scheme's development, the maximum contribution period is only just over 17
years, since the scheme has only been in operation that long, and the low
maximum insurable income level means that US$200 is the maximum income on which
pensions can be calculated.

The minimum contribution period for a NSSA pension is 120 months.

Those who retire after contributing for a lesser period than that are entitled
to a retirement grant rather than a retirement pension, provided they have
contributed to the scheme for more than 12 months.

For the first decade only retirement grants were paid, except to those who
qualified for contribution credits, since the qualifying period for a pension is
120 months.

The income replacement rate for the first pensions paid were relatively low. Now
after 17 years it is 22,6 percent for those retiring after contributing for a
full 17 years.

In another three years there may be some retiring who have contributed to the
scheme for 20 years. The replacement rate then will be 26,7 percent.

After 25 years of contributions the replacement rate the scheme is designed to
provide is 33,3 percent.

After 30 years of contributions it is 40 percent. After 40 years it is 63,3
percent. After 47 years it is 79,7 percent. By the time the scheme is 40 years
old, it will have matured.

The norm by then will be for pensioners to be retiring after 40 years of
contributions.

Most pensioners at that stage can expect to receive a pension equivalent to more
than 60 percent of their insurable income at retirement.

It is clear, therefore, that Zimbabwe's national social security scheme, like
similar schemes elsewhere, has been designed to eventually provide a pension
that constitutes a substantial proportion of a person's insurable income on
retirement.

For that to be meaningful there needs to either be no insurable earnings ceiling
or a relatively high ceiling.

The scheme is not intended to simply prevent those who do not contribute to
private occupational pension schemes from starving or to provide pocket money
for those who do contribute to a private occupational scheme.

Under normal circumstances the Government allows the private sector to operate
without direct intervention. It is only when there is market failure that
Government intervenes.

In the case of pensions, there were gaps in private pension coverage with
sectors such as the clothing manufacturing industry completely left out.

As a result, Government introduced the compulsory retirement scheme in order to
cover everybody.

There are thousands of NSSA pensioners who do not have any other pension except
the NSSA pension. They survive on this pension alone.

Many people who have contributed to an occupational pension fund have had their
contributions refunded and membership of the fund terminated on leaving their
employment. On gaining new employment they start from scratch to contribute to
another pension fund.

These may be as vulnerable and as much in need of a social security pension as
those who never contributed to any occupational pension fund.

Those contributing to both the compulsory social security pension scheme and a
private occupational pension scheme should be able to look forward to retiring
in their old age with two reasonable pensions.

Which one is larger will depend on their contribution period for each scheme and
whether or not in the case of the social security pension there is a maximum
insurable earnings limit. There is no such limit when it comes to private
occupational pension funds, for which contribution rates are much higher than
the ones applicable to the NSSA pension scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                January 8, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A sad milestone on the road to poorer pensions

BYLINE: PAUL FARROW

SECTION: MONEY AND JOBS;BUSINESS; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 671 words


The decision by Shell to close its final salary pension scheme last week was
deemed "unsurprising" by many commentators.

Unsurprising it may be, but its significance should not be underestimated. The
closure marks a defining moment for pensions and our financial futures.

On Thursday, Shell became the last FTSE 100 company to close its final salary
scheme to new recruits.

It said it planned to close the scheme next year in order to "reflect market
trends in the UK". Existing members of the fund will be unaffected - as will all
new employees who join before the scheme is closed.

The demise of the "perfect" pension has been gathering pace in recent months -
although it has been a long time coming.

In the summer of 2002, this section highlighted how FTSE 100 companies were
struggling to maintain their generous final salary schemes in the wake of
plunging stock markets.

We phoned every FTSE 100 company (email was very limited in those days) to find
out the state of their pension liabilities, to ask whether they were in deficit
and whether their final salary scheme had been closed. The results were
startling. More than half of FTSE 100 final salary pension schemes were in
deficit - with an aggregate shortfall of more than £10bn.

The writing was on the wall. Many of our blue chips had already shut down final
salary schemes for new employees because they were becoming unsustainable.

Increasing longevity and falling share prices weren't helping, but government
policy changes also played their part.

Gordon Brown's controversial decision to remove tax credits on share dividends
in 1997 had already cost pension schemes billions of pounds.

In 2003, a new accounting rule known as FRS17 was about to force companies to
show any pension scheme deficit or surplus in full on the balance sheets. A
deficit could dent profits and potentially lead to dividends being cut or axed.

As I mentioned, the first action by companies was to close schemes to new
members to cap liabilities, but that has changed.

The number of businesses that have closed their final salary pension to all
staff, not just new joiners, has jumped by a third.

The latest survey from the National Association of Pension Funds found that
almost a quarter of schemes were now shut both to new staff and to future
contributions from people who were already members. In 2008 it was just 3pc of
schemes.

It will get worse.

Among those pension schemes that are closed to new staff but still open to
existing staff, 30pc expect to close altogether in the next five years.

Final salary schemes, which are also known as defined benefit (DB) schemes, are
being replaced by defined contribution (DC) schemes, which are fundamentally
different and inferior.

With a DB scheme - be it a final salary or a career average salary scheme - you
have a pretty good idea of the pension you will retire on. Those in defined
contribution schemes have no idea.

The size of your pension will depend on how much you and your employer
contribute to the scheme - and employers contribute far less to a DC scheme than
they do a final salary scheme.

Workers will have no idea even if they have saved tirelessly throughout their
career to build a tidy pension pot of, say, £250,000. The value of the fund
could fall (or rise) in the approach to retirement but, just as crucially,
annuity rates (which determine your annual pension income) could rise or fall.

For example, today a £250,000 pension fund would buy a 65-year-old male a single
life annuity worth £15,600 a year. Five years ago the same pot would have paid
£17,400 a year and a decade ago it would have produced £19,430.

The move by Shell comes as Unison, the biggest public sector trade union,
decides whether to continue its talks with ministers over proposed changes to
pensions in that sector.

Whether you agree with the public sector pension strikes or not, you can
certainly understand why unions want to protect their existing pension schemes.
Because of the certainty they offer, they are priceless, irrespective of how
much they pay.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Deficit: how we told the story of the pensions shortfall a decade ago

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

'Poor governance' shuts down medical schemes

BYLINE: KARL GERNETZKY

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 459  words


'Poor governance' shuts down medical schemes

WEAK corporate governance in SA's medical scheme sector is contributing towards
consolidation, and is largely responsible for the collapse of 31 schemes since
2005, warned Johann Strauss, a director of auditing firm SizweNtsaluba and
Gobodo.

Mr Strauss was speaking ahead of a report to be released today, which indicates
that few schemes were achieving best governance practices as set out in the King
3 code.

The Council for Medical Schemes indicated in its annual report released last
month that the number of schemes operating in SA had decreased from 140 in 2001
to 99.

Poor governance had resulted in many schemes failing to achieve a 25% minimum
solvency level - a first warning that a scheme may be unsustainable in the
medium term.

SizweNtsaluba concluded that in many schemes procurement policies and
administration for managed healthcare services were not dealt with consistently
in terms of good governance, with closed schemes being less compliant than open
schemes.

The report noted that an improvement in governance in line with King 3 would
address some of the cost escalations in healthcare. Health Minister Aaron
Motsoaledi has described healthcare in SA as & predatory& quot;The research
points to widespread complacency and incestuousness between medical schemes and
their service providers,& said Mr Strauss.

He said improvement in the general governance of schemes was also necessary in
order to address the issue of consolidation in the sector, which could see more
casualties between now and 2013 and would ultimately mean the & South African
public, and the member, are the losers& quot;Business partners to the medical
schemes mostly operate in a comfort zone - innovation in terms of service and
cost is neither encouraged nor required of service partners, being
administrators and managed care providers. All this attributes to leaders of
medical aids failing to manage solvency ratios in real time and address
deviations timeously,& he said.

Michael Settas, a director of Pollen Healthcare, a communications agency
specialising in the healthcare funding sector, said members should be cautious
in judging the viability of their scheme by its solvency level, and not
necessarily be alarmed by the trend of consolidation.

Lacking the necessary solvency level did not by itself indicate the scheme faced
insolvency and & the financial risks faced by any scheme are not merely
eradicated by virtue of holding reserves greater than 25%& he said.

& Members should look at the membership size, age profile and disease burden as
well as the quality of the scheme's managed care interventions and benefit
design, and ultimately rely on a broker to understand the risk of a scheme.&
gernetzkyk@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 6, 2011 Monday

Pohjola Bank plc's Board of Directors to Adopt OP-Pohjola's Group-level Targets
for Long-term Incentive Schemes Covering All Personnel Groups

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 06 -- Pohjola Bank plc's Board of Directors to Adopt OP-Pohjola's
Group-level Targets for Long-term Incentive Schemes Covering All Personnel
Groups

Pohjola Bank plc's Board of Directors has decided that Pohjola will be involved
in OP-Pohjola Group's new long-term incentive schemes. OP-Pohjola's Group-level
targets will apply to these schemes and conform to those covering a new,
share-based management incentive scheme and OP Personnel Fund for the entire
Group's personnel.

The standardised, Group-level long-term performance indicators applying to all
personnel will help OP-Pohjola Group implement its strategy.

Cross-selling as a key target performance indicator

OP-Pohjola Group Central Cooperative's Supervisory Board has set progress in
cross-selling among private customers and growth in corporate customer business
as new long-term target performance indicators. In addition, the incentive
schemes take account of Group profitability and capital adequacy. No bonuses
will be paid out if the Group's capital adequacy is lower than the set minimum
level on the bonus payout date.

- The shared targets and indicators will lead to more intense cooperation within
the entire Group, which will foster our strategically important integration.
Bonus payouts require that the Group and its business segments achieve their
challenging targets. Moreover, the schemes also take our financial group's
profitability development and capital adequacy into consideration, says Paavo
Haapakoski, Chairman of OP-Pohjola Group Central Cooperative's Supervisory
Board.

The short-term incentive schemes of Group member banks and Pohjola are still
based on the achievement of company-specific targets.

When creating the incentive schemes, OP-Pohjola Group took account of amended
regulation governing remuneration policies and practices in the financial
services industry.

Payouts spread over several years in the share-based management incentive scheme

Pohjola's new long-term management and key-employee incentive scheme will
replace the previous scheme and is aimed at not only motivating and guiding
those covered by the scheme but also engaging them in the achievement of
strategic targets.

The new management incentive scheme has a three-year vesting period, the first
one of which is 2011-13. The scheme covers a maximum of 75 Pohjola Group staff
members. As a whole, the share-based incentive scheme covers around 400 people
within OP-Pohjola Group. Those covered by the scheme will be entitled to
receiving a certain number of Pohjola Bank plc Series A shares, if OP-Pohjola
Group attains its strategy-based targets set for the vesting period. The parent
institution's Supervisory Board has decided on the maximum bonus for each key
employee. The bonus based on the scheme will be paid out to the employee in
terms of shares and cash and in three equal numbers/instalments in 2015, 2016
and 2017 after the vesting period, provided that the Group's capital adequacy is
higher than the minimum requirements on the payout date. Conditions related to
employment or executive contracts have been attached to the bonus payout.

The bonus is determined by the person's position. If the set targets are
annually achieved at 100 per cent, the management and key employees will be
entitled to a bonus equalling their regular 2-12-month salary subject to PAYE
tax.

Members of OP-Pohjola Group Central Cooperative's Executive Board and Pohjola
Group's Executive Committee as well as separately specified executives are bound
by ownership obligations related to the scheme. According to the rules governing
the scheme, during their employment with the company they must retain at least
half of the shares received on the basis of the scheme until such shareholding
equals one person's 12-month fixed gross earnings.

Bonuses that may be paid out under the scheme will be in the form of Pohjola
Bank plc Series A shares. On the basis of the scheme, the number of Series A
shares that may be given for the three-year vesting period totals around 2.7
million, provided that the targets are achieved at 100 per cent. Pohjola's
portion of the bonus accounts for about 0.6 million Series A shares. In
addition, bonuses paid in cash will be used to cover taxes and tax-like charges
arising from the bonuses. Pohjola shares available from the stock market will be
used as shares distributed under the scheme, i.e. the scheme will have no
dilution effect Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Brand rate scheme set to replace DEPB

BYLINE: Bijay Shankar Patel

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The government is planning to replace DEPB, the popular tax remission scheme for
exporters, with a new one where rates would be brand-specific. Under the new
scheme, benefits would be quantified on the basis of actual consumption of
imported inputs by the manufacturer-exporter, instead of the industry-average
norm under DEPB.

The government has already said the duty entitlement pass book (DEPB) scheme,
seen as WTO-incompatible due to its alleged subsidy element, would cease to
exist after June 30.

The move to replace DEPB with a brand rate scheme could be welcomed by big
manufacturing companies including automobile and metal majors, but smaller firms
could find the new scheme unattractive. Sources said all products (defined by
harmonised code system) now covered under DEPB would also be included under the
duty drawback scheme for the benefit of smaller firms. However, these companies,
especially those in labour-intensive industries like textiles and leather are
unlikely to be pacified as the drawback scheme is known for more rigorous rate
fixation.

"Both DEPB and drawback schemes have infirmities as the rates are fixed on the
basis of the "averaging principle" rather than actual incidence of duties," said
KT Chacko, director, Indian Institute of Foreign Trade. There is a need to
increasingly rely on brand rates for accuracy, Chacko, who was director-general
of foreign trade and chaired a panel for revamp of the export promotion schemes,
said.

"We want to move from notional claims by exporters to actual ones. So, brand
rate fixation scheme is one of the options. The finance ministry and the
commerce ministry are working on it," a finance ministry official told FE.
Commerce minister Anand Sharma is likely to meet finance minister Pranab
Mukherjee on the issue soon.

For fixation of brand rate, an applicant has to file for fixation of rates to
the commissioner of drawback. The rates are then fixed by the commissioner after
receipt of verified data filed by the exporters. The official further said the
brand rate scheme would be fully compliant with WTO's agreement on subsidies and
countervailing duties. He, however, said that many things needed to be sorted
out before moving to the proposed scheme.

"The input-output ratio needs to be fixed. We will also have to look at the
criteria of rejection and about wastage, among others," the finance ministry
official added.

Reliance Industries, Hindalco, SAIL, Tata Steel, Bajaj Auto and Hyundai India
have been among the largest beneficiaries of the DEPB scheme. FIEO
director-general Ajay Sahai said: "The brand rate fixation scheme would not help
small-scale industrial units, which are large in number. The brands are of large
corporates only. So the scheme is not feasible for all." In 2010-11, the
government lost around R55,000 crore on account of various export promotion
schemes.

Under DEPB, the exchequer suffered a loss of R8,520 crore, while it was R15,704
crore in case of the Advance Licence Scheme. In the case of the Export Oriented
Units, Software Technology Parks and Export High Technology, the revenue
foregone was R10,000 crore. Similarly, the revenue foregone in the last fiscal
over the SEZ scheme was roughly R8,500  crore.

The government also suffered revenue loss in other schemes such as EPCG, Vishesh
Krishi and Gram Udyog Yojana, among others. The government's vision is to
consolidate all these export promotional schemes into one, which is likely once
GST comes into place. According to Sahai, "the long-term view of the government
is to do away with many such schemes.

Once GST is implemented, it can be divided into two parts - those who want
exemption and the other who could claim refunds."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Uncertain future for short-term products

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 602 words


The future of all health insurance products hangs in the balance, because draft
regulations that will determine which products may continue have yet to be
published.

National Treasury says the draft regulations under the Insurance Laws Amendment
Act will be published for comment early this year.

The treasury agreed to draft the regulations after the Department of Health and
the Council for Medical Schemes raised concerns that some health insurance
products undermine medical schemes by doing the business of a medical scheme.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, the chief executive of the council and the Registrar of
Medical Schemes, says the council is preparing three or four court cases against
insurers it believes are contravening the Medical Schemes Act. He would not name
the products, but said the cases will be aligned with the regulations.

The council previously unsuccessfully asked the High Court to close down the gap
cover product of Alexander Forbes subsidiary Guardrisk for doing the business of
a medical scheme. The matter went on appeal to the Supreme Court and, in 2008,
the Supreme Court judge ruled that the definition of a medical scheme did not
prevent Guardrisk from selling its policies.

The Council for Medical Schemes then recommended an amendment to the definition
of the business of a medical scheme that would clearly put a stop to gap cover
products. This amended definition was part of a 2008 draft amendment to the
Medical Schemes Act. However, the bill was withdrawn when the government decided
to focus on national health insurance.

The attempt to change the Medical Schemes Act, however, resulted in the
inclusion of a provision in the Insurance Laws Amendment Act that allows the
Minister of Finance, in consultation with the Department of Health and the
Council |for Medical Schemes, to exempt certain health insurance policies from
the Medical Schemes Act.

The treasury set up a working group, which included the Council for Medical
Schemes, the Financial Services Board, the insurance industry and the Department
of Health, to consider the issues the regulations should address. A treasury
spokesperson says the group has done extensive work, collating information on
insurance products, product parameters and demographic data on policyholders.

Richard Eales, Guardrisk's executive in charge of corporate risk solutions, says
the insurer is represented on the working group by the South African Insurance
Association. The group completed its work in August last year but has not had
sight of the draft regulations. Eales says the treasury has since been in
discussion with the Department of Health and the Council for Medical Schemes.

The Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2009/10 noted that there had
been a proliferation of insurance products since the Guardrisk ruling, and
Gantsho told last year's Board of Healthcare Funders conference that the
proliferation of health insurance products is "a serious threat" to the
sustainability of medical schemes' risk pools.

The registrar's office is of the view that health insurance products undermine
medical scheme cover, because they can be offered at cheaper rates, typically to
healthier people, who then buy into cheaper medical scheme options. As a
|result, it costs medical schemes more to provide cover to the sicker members,
who remain on more comprehensive options.

Insurance industry sources say they expect the regulations will result in all
insurance products having to change - some more than others - but that tariff
gap cover products will mostly be allowed to continue to give you the cover they
currently offer.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

The bigger picture of risk

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 748 words


It is hardly news worthy to report that many employers who sponsor defined
benefit (final salary) pension schemes have closed them to new members, and
closed schemes to future accrual for the existing members in an attempt to
reduce 'risk', writes Ian Hill, pension technical manager at Torquil Clark.

It is no surprise and on the face of it, understandable in the current economic
cycle where companies are investigating ways to reduce costs to the business.

However, this solution to risk management may not have been the holy grail that
sponsoring employers sought. In fact, it may cause more problems in the future
than the ones that a scheme closure exercise purports to solve.

Unless de-risking strategies are not revisited and revised regularly they are
doomed to fail. To highlight the point there is still the prospect of corporate
balance sheet volatility and headaches for finance directors on scheme funding
issues regarding improvements in longevity, constant changes in pension
legislation, lower than expected investment returns and changes to accounting
regulations. Unfortunately for scheme sponsors once they have closed the scheme
to future accrual there are no third parties to share the inherent risks with
unless with the demise of the company to include the Pension Protection Fund.
Therefore, to provide any further reasonable defensible de-risking strategy it
is important that an employer understands what risks are being mitigated, the
cost and the importance in relation to the business as a whole not just in
relation to the pension scheme. Many schemes have 'closed' without the full
range of other solutions being investigated.

This is now impacting upon the sponsors business and it would be interesting to
analyse the cost benefit comparing the actual results of the previous de-risking
strategy carried out with the hypothetical cost benefit analysis if the changes
had not taken place.

This is not to say that robust solutions do not exist. The problem is that
trustees and scheme sponsors are not using them as efficiently as possible.
Consideration of a whole range of complicated strategies takes time and then
there is the perceived cost. Even if it is decided that a certain risk can not
be removed a cost benefit risk analysis would indicate the risks that have to
remain, but at least they would be understood and managed.

Employers who have closed their schemes to future accrual generally implement a
Defined Contribution DC (money purchase) scheme for their employees' future
service. This is not a soft option. Recent reports from the Pensions' Regulator
does not make for comfortable reading.

Defined Contribution provision has increased in prominence over the years. It is
expected that the eight million people who will be auto-enrolled into pensions
schemes in staging processes from October 2012 will be enrolled into a DC scheme
. One would expect that DC governance will come under ever increasing scrutiny
over the coming years.

With employees being auto-enrolled into a work place pension scheme, one could
suggest that the overall profile of a current scheme's membership is going to
change. I would urge employers (and trustees of trust based schemes) to focus
their attention on this in the immediate future.

One area of risk is the scheme's enrolment procedure itself. As the name
suggests, enrolment will have to be automatic, however many schemes have a
waiting period and are based on an archaic paper based application procedure.

Another area that will have to be addressed is the 'default fund'. All schemes
will have to offer a default fund to meet the auto-enrolment regulations. Most
schemes already have a default fund but if the scheme's membership is going to
change one could question if the default fund will be appropriate for the new
membership.

Employers will see auto-enrolment as just an intake of new members into their
existing pension scheme, but this is far from the case. Employers should be
reviewing what their plans are for the total employee benefit spend. This means
getting involved with the Human Resources and payroll departments to understand
their involvement with auto-enrolment. After all they will probably be the
people who have to manage the process.

Whether fuelled by the complexity of legislation, market forces and in part
technology, all pension schemes should have constant reviews whatever benefit
design is in place so they remain fit for purpose within corporate objectives.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Ian Hill The Duchess of Cornwall visited the Mailbox in Birmingham on
Wednesday to meet the cast and production team behind the BBC Radio 4 serial The
Archers which is celebrating 60 years

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2011 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

RHB to allot 2,500 houses across state, 500 in Jaipur

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 253  words


The Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) has decided to allot 2,500 houses in 16 cities
to people from all income groups across the state. Around 500 houses will be
allotted in Jaipur. Applicants can get forms from October 11 to November 22.

Housing commissioner PK Goyal said that RHB will allot the houses, which
includes individual houses and flats in multi-storied buildings, thro-ugh 20
schemes in 16 cities. The RHB will develop 553 houses under 3 schemes in Jaipur.

The commissioner explained that houses will be allotted to the applicants who
have already registered themselves under the Pratap Nagar Sector-7and Mansarovar
housing schemes. Flats will be allotted to applicants of middle income group in
Indira Gandhi Nagar Sector-5 in Jaipur.

"The houses will be developed on unoccupied lands under these schemes," said an
RHB engineer. The RHB has decided to sell application forms through select banks
and from its headquarter in Jyoti Nagar, Jaipur.

Beside Jaipur the other 15 cities are Kudi Bhagtaani in Jodhpur, Marwar
Apartment Chopasani and Aakarbhata housing scheme in Abu Road, Pindwara housing
scheme in Sirohi, Balotara housing scheme in Barmer, Shivsingh Pura housing
scheme in Sikar, Churu housing scheme in Churu, Rajsamand and Govind Nagar
housing scheme in Rajsamand, Naseerabad housing scheme in Naseerabad, Patel
Nagar housing scheme in Bhilwara, Nimbahera housing scheme in Chittorgarh,
Partapura housing scheme in Banswara, Hanumangarh housing scheme, STC housing
scheme in Bharatpur, Ajmer and Nagaur.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2010 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                                 April 7, 2010

Higher payments necessary to improve uptake of new agri environment scheme

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 891 words


COMMITMENTS BY the Minister for Agriculture, Brendan Smith TD to secure higher
payments of EUR 150 p/ha for commonage and SACs under the newly announced Agri
Environment Scheme will go someway towards improving the attractiveness of the
scheme for farmers with designated lands, according to the ICSA.

"While the Department had agreed a rate of EUR 75/ha with the EU commission,
ICSA made it clear that this rate would be totally unattractive to farmers,
especially given the need to employ a professional planner," said ICSA president
Gabriel Gilmartin Mr Gilmartin continued: "ICSA is happier that the Minister has
now recognised this and that he is now committed to delivering a rate of EUR
150, which will be dependent on EU approval.

There is also a commitment to concessions on fertiliser usage in the species
rich grassland and traditional hay meadow categories, as well as the proposed
removal of a stocking limit for rare breeds.

"Nonetheless, the scheme is a poor replacement for REPS 4 and it remains to be
seen whether farmers will be attracted into it. It will be vital that the
Department puts in place sufficient staffing resources to ensure that farmers
are paid on time. The Department must also ensure that red tape is kept to a
minimum and that compliance costs are not excessive.

"On balance the EUR 50 million agreed by the Department of Finance needs to be
taken up, and with the May 17th deadline looming, there seems to be no other
option on the table except this scheme.

However, it is now more obvious than ever that the decision last summer to close
REPS 4 was the wrong one and more consultation at that time would have yielded
the optimum outcome allowing for the difficult budgetary situation," concluded
Mr Gilmartin.

Meanwhile Deputy Frank Feighan has warned Minister of Agriculture of the
consequences of implementing the sub-standard Agri-Environment Option Scheme,
saying: "The new Agri-Environment Scheme is fundamentally flawed and will not
deliver on its objectives in terms of environmental protection and the
reimbursement of farmers for implementing such measures.

The scheme is constructed in such a manner that it potentially could unravel the
environmental gain of REPS 2,3 and 4. The specifications of the scheme are so
demanding that it threatens to exclude those who need the financial rewards of
such a scheme most," he said.

"Here in Roscommon and Leitrim there was major uptake of previous schemes to the
benefit of countryside and rural economy and retained a generation of young
people farming and this is now facing serious attack.

"The scrapping of REPS will withdraw in the region of EUR 211 million from the
rural economy over the next two years impacting on 32,465 farmers. Fine Gael
opposed the suspension of REPS from the outset. The EUR 50 million allocated to
the scheme for 2010 is also at risk as the expected uptake due to the
restrictive terms and conditions of the scheme, as published, will not be as
great as the Government anticipated. It is not too late to amend the scheme and
make it more effective and more accessible.

"I am calling on the Minister, even at this late stage, to show some common
sense on this issue. REPS has been a hugely successful scheme with over 62,000
participants nationwide. By replacing REPS with the substandard Agri-Environment
Scheme the Minister could potentially drive thousands of farmers, whose incomes
are already decimated, out of farming completely," concluded Deputy Feighan.

Mr Louis Martin, Chairperson, Roscommon IFA Rural Development Committee said the
new AgriEnvironment fell short of expectations and some farmers would be very
disappointed that their payments would reduce under the new scheme.

However, Mr Martin acknowledged that significant improvements had been made to
the original proposals following major lobbying by farmers on the ground, and in
particular changes on the specifications and higher payments in SAC and
commonage areas.

He said, "the Department of Agriculture must now immediately communicate the
details of the scheme so farmers can assess it and identify how they can
maximise payments on their farms."

Mr Martin said the scheme must operate in a flexible way so that the vast
majority of farmers could get a payment of EUR 5,000, and the objective must be
to ensure that all farmers who applied were allowed into the scheme this year.
It was of critical importance, he said, that the plans were cleared by June 1st
at the latest to allow payments, and the EUR 50m was utilised this year.

Also commenting on the new scheme IFA Rural Development Chairman Tom Turley said
that once the REPS 4 scheme was closed last July, agri-environment measures in
Ireland had been seriously undermined. The REPS scheme over the past 15 years
had benefited the rural environment and the rural economy.

"Farmers will compare payments under this scheme with REPS 3 and they will see
that to get a payment of EUR 5,000, a significant number of measures may have to
be taken on. This scheme is a work in progress and the Minister must secure
additional flexibilities if farmer concerns are to be fully addressed," he said.

Mr Turley said IFA would continue to lobby to secure further changes and in
particular, the re-introduction of the whole farm approach, which had served the
implementation of agrienvironment measures very well in the past.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            December 18, 2009 Friday

'Most defined benefit pension schemes are insolvent'

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 382 words


Pension experts, Mercer said one in four schemes are planning to increase member
contributions, as the cost of providing pensions has soared.

There are close to 600,000 members of DB schemes in Ireland.

Senior consultant with Mercer, Aisling Kennedy said it is not surprising.

"The financial crisis in global markets has resulted in a severe setback for the
funding of defined benefit pension schemes. Higher life expectancy has also
increased the cost of pension provision.

"Employers and trustees are working on measures to fund deficits and to put
pension schemes on a sustainable footing. This may require changes to benefits
and/or higher contributions from scheme members."

Mercer said that strong investment returns over the last six months has not been
sufficient to lift most schemes out of deficit.

It said few schemes have submitted funding proposals to the Pensions Board.
Around 10% of schemes were due to finalise their plans by the end of this year
but the board extended this deadline to June 2010.

"2010 will be a significant milestone for Irish defined benefit pension schemes,
as employers and trustees reach conclusions as to how to address scheme
deficits; the scale of the deficits will trigger significant structural changes
to many schemes."

Schemes at 200 organisations were reviewed for the study. Over half expect to
maintain current benefit structures, with the employer making higher
contributions to fund the deficit.

However, Mercer expects that this might change over the course of next year, as
firms come to terms with the scale of costs involved.

One in five is considering stopping any further benefits being earned in the
defined benefit scheme, so employees will continue to have a defined benefit
pension for past service but will be in a defined contribution or some form of
hybrid scheme going forward.

One in seven schemes is considering a change to benefits that members have
already earned. This will require an application to the Pensions Board. A
similar proportion are considering winding-up their scheme.

One-third of schemes are planning to eliminate the deficit in less than 10
years, another third intend to formulate a 10-year plan, and less than 10% plan
to apply to the Pensions Board for a period of more than 10 years over which to
fund the deficit.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

Payments scheme to replace annuities

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 737 words


Under insolvency plan, trustees may pay sums to exchequer instead of paying
insurance firms, writes  LAURA SLATTERY

How do the new measures help to protect the pensions of employees whose
companies become insolvent?

The Government has decided to help employees (and former employees) of companies
that go bust and leave behind a defined-benefit pension scheme that is incapable
of paying existing and future benefits in full.

The Government will allow pension scheme trustees to pay a sum to the exchequer
to cover the cost of paying pensions to members who retire, instead of buying
annuities from insurance companies. It is calling this the Pensions Insolvency
Payments Scheme (Pips).

Do the new measures apply to all company pension schemes?

No, they apply in the case of defined-benefit pension schemes, under which
workers are promised a pension based on a certain proportion of their final
salary for every year of service.

However, most people who belong to a company pension scheme have a defined
contribution pension, where the value of the pension in retirement will be based
on the level of contributions and the stock market returns (or lack of).

But what are annuities

When a defined-benefit company scheme winds up, the employer uses whatever money
is sitting in its pension scheme to buy policies called annuities from insurance
companies. This pays the retired members a fixed sum for life, eg it is the
private pension that people are paid in retirement.

If there is anything left over, it will be paid toward the pensions of  active
members  of the scheme who are yet to retire. But because most pension schemes
are underfunded, there more than likely won t be enough to go around.

Why does it help members if the trustees don t have to buy annuities?

Annuities are expensive and have become more so in recent years, partly because
of improvements in life expectancy. The annuities market is also not
particularly competitive. Under the new scheme, the Government is effectively
setting up a State annuity fund under the National Treasury Management Agency
(NTMA), cutting out the middle man insurance companies. By providing annuities
at a lower cost, there will be more money left over for the future pensions of
active members and former members (eg, ex-employees).

Why has the  order of priority  been changed for wound-up schemes?

At the moment, pension members who have already retired are prioritised when a
scheme is wound up. They continue to receive their full pension, plus any
index-linked increases that are due in the future, before current or former
workers get a look in. This can mean that someone who retires a month before a
scheme is wound up is fully protected, but someone who is due to retire the
month after the scheme is wound up gets next to nothing.

Minister for Social and Family Affairs Mary Hanafin has changed the rules so
that pension increases have moved lower in the order of priority. This means
active and former members are likely to get a bigger share of what is due to
them.

What do the changes mean for people who used to belong to a scheme but have now
parted ways with their employer?

Former members may benefit from the changes to the order of priority if the
scheme is wound up. But if the employer decides to change the terms of the
scheme so that a lower benefit is payable for each year of service, they will be
affected too. Up until now, only current workers suffered if the scheme was
restructured.

Will these measures save defined-benefit pension schemes?

No. Defined-benefit pension schemes are increasingly costly for employers to
fund. With large deficits to make up through additional funding programmes, many
are closing their schemes to new members to stop their liabilities from getting
even higher, while other employers are diluting their pension promises or asking
workers to contribute more.

How have the new measures been welcomed

The Irish Association of Pension Funds (IAPF) said the new wind-up rules were
more equitable and said active members and former employees could get 15-30 per
cent more of what they are due, depending on how the NTMA prices the pension
purchases.

Pensions consultancy firm Mercer said the idea should be extended to all
companies that cannot afford to meet their pension obligations, but are not
technically insolvent, while Age Action said people with small pensions should
not have to take the same pain as those on large pensions.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Wales on Sunday

                               November 30, 2008
                                 North Edition

So easy to be crushed at the foot of a cash pyramid;
behind the headlines SUNDAY FOCUS As the spectre of so-called pyramid schemes
looms again, ROBIN TURNER provides answers to questions about a scam aimed at
parting you and your money

BYLINE: ROBIN TURNER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1061 words


Q What exactly is a pyramid scheme?

A A pyramid scheme is a money making club which promises that once you've paid a
joining fee that you can earn large amounts by recruiting new members.

However, only those at the top make money and the schemes can collapse
overnight, leaving you out of pocket.

Such schemes are also known as 'money games', 'referral selling', and
'investment lotteries'.

Q How does a typical scheme operate?

A As its name indicates, the scheme is structured like a pyramid. It starts with
one person - the initial recruiter - who is on top, at the apex of the pyramid.
This person recruits a second person, who is required to 'invest' pounds 100
which is paid to the initial recruiter.

In order to make his or her money back, the new recruit must recruit more people
under him or her, each of whom will also have to invest pounds 100.

If the recruit gets 10 more people to invest, this person will make pounds 900
with just a pounds 100 investment.

The 10 new people become recruiters and each one is in turn required to enlist
an additional 10 people, resulting in a total of 100 more people. Each of those
100 new recruits is also obligated to pay pounds 100 to the person who recruited
him or her.

Recruiters get a profit of all of the money received minus the initial pounds
100 paid to the person who recruited them.

The process continues until the base of the pyramid is no longer strong enough
to support the upper structure (meaning there are no more recruits). As a result
around 90% of people in pyramid schemes lose their money.

Q What is the advice of trading standards officers in wales?

A After being told of a scheme, stop, think and be sceptical. Ask yourself if
you are being offered something for nothing and if so, why?

Avoid schemes that offer you money based solely on signing up new members.

Q What is the most likely method of approach by pyramid scheme recruiters?

A It can be a via web advert, e-mail, door-to-door leaflet or even a personal
approach from a friend who has been signed up, taken in and is typically excited
at the prospect of "both of you" making lots of money for minimum effort.

You should also be wary of statements such as: "Your recruits do all the work
for you, you just sit back and bank the money."

"All you need for future wealth is your pounds XX starter kit."

"Become part of the world's fastest growing industry, 'Network Marketing'."

"I was unemployed and in debt before I discovered this opportunity."

"I made pounds XXXX in XX days. I guarantee you will do the same."

Q Are these so-called pyramid schemes illegal?

A Yes. Two pieces of legislation make pyramid schemes an offence: the Gambling
Act of 2005, which came into force on September 1, 2007 and the Consumer
Protection from Unfair Trading Regulation, passed by the House of Lords on May
26 this year.

Also the 1973 Fair Trading Act bans trading schemes if recruits join through the
promise of more cash if they find others to join.

Q Does this sort of scam go on in other countries?

A Yes, it's a truly global problem. Earlier this month, thousands of Colombians
took part in violent protests in several cities to demand the return of money
invested in disreputable financial schemes which involved pyramid selling.

Police used batons and tear gas to control angry investors and curfews were
declared in several cities. In Popayan in the south-western department of Cauca,
2,000 depositors stormed an investment firm's offices. In early 2006 Ireland was
hit by a wave of schemes with major activity in Cork and Galway. Participants
were asked to contribute pounds 20,000 each to a 'Liberty' scheme with payments
made in Munich, Germany to skirt Irish tax laws concerning gifts. Pyramid
schemes have been tried and made illegal in many countries, including the United
States, France, Germany, Canada, Colombia, Malaysia, Norway, Australia,
NewZealand, Japan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Iran and the People's Republic of
China.

Q Has Wales been hit before by these operations?

A Yes, one of the most notable occasions in recent times was the Women
Empowering Women scheme, or Hearts as it became known. It was claimed to have
led to intimidation when it collapsed in Llanelli in 2001, but it swept through
housing estates across South Wales.

Q What differentiates pyramid schemes from direct selling companies?

A The World Federation of Direct Selling Associations point out legitimate
direct selling firms offer a genuine business opportunity based on the sale of
quality products to consumers with routine satisfaction guarantees or
cancellation rights.

Pyramid schemes involve no products, participants only have to recruit more
people to the scheme.

Q Why can't chain gifting/pyramid schemes work for most participants?

A Consumer Direct gives this example. If eight people invest pounds 3,000 each
in a scheme and then progress through the levels of the pyramid, they will each
expect to receive pounds 24,000 when they reach the final top.

For each of those eight people to receive that amount, it will be necessary for
64 people to have each invested pounds 3,000.

Each of those 64 investors will be expecting to collect their pounds 24,000, but
that would mean that 512 people would have to have invested. Subsequent
investors would need 4,096 participants, then 32,768 participants, then 262,144
participants and so on.

In simple terms, each participant needs another eight investors in the scheme to
get their money back and make a return.

The supply of potential investors will dry up, leaving the majority of people in
the scheme having paid out a large sum and receiving nothing in return.

Q Are there any variations of the pyramid scheme I should be wary of?

A Yes. Matrix schemes use a similar system to pyramid schemes. They offer a
hi-tech gift like anMP3 player, free of any charge.

First you have to buy something low value like a mobile telephone signal
booster.

If you do, you join a waiting list. The person at the top gets their free gift
only if a large number of new members signs up, often 100 are required.

In reality many people never receive the gift.

Q Who should I contact if I am concerned about a possible pyramid scheme?

A For clear, practical and independent consumer advice call Consumer Direct on
0845040506 or go to the website www.consumerdirect.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 2, 2000

Fund to bring end for half Orso pension plans

BYLINE: ENOCH YIU

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 441 words


More than half of Hong Kong's existing 19,000 retirement schemes are unlikely to
continue operating after the launch of the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF).

This is according to Hendena Yu, executive director of the Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes Authority.

Ms Yu believes as many as 10,000 pension plans - under the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Ordinance (Orso) - will be wound up and the assets
transferred to MPF plans.

This would include the 5,000 plans set up after the MPF exemption deadline of
October 15, 1995, she said.

Of the 14,000 schemes qualified for exemptions to set up MPF plans, not all
would go ahead, she said. This was because under the MPF ordinance, employers
faced having to run MPF plans in addition to their Orso schemes.

"There are 5,000 Orso schemes operated by companies with less than 10 staff," Ms
Yu said.

"I wonder if these small players will have the resources to run two pension
schemes at the same time. I think many of them will transfer their Orso into
MPF."

There are many differences between the MPF plans and the Orso schemes.

One big difference is that Orso scheme members can receive their pensions when
they leave the company, whereas under the MPF plans, employees get their
pensions when they are 65.

Ms Yu said many Orso schemes allowed employees to get employers' contributions
only after they had worked for the company for a few years.

Under the MPF plans, employees would always get the employer's contribution, no
matter how long they worked for the company.

Ms Yu said employers who want to keep their Orso schemes must apply to the
authority for exemption by May 3. At this time, only seven application for
exemptions had been made, reflecting the fact most employers had still to decide
whether to keep their Orso schemes.

Ms Yu gave five options for employers to handle the Orso interface.

They could continue to run the schemes. However, employees would need to be
given a one-time option of choosing to stay with the Orso or joining an MPF
plan.

Even if one opted for MPF, the firm would need to set up a plan.

Secondly, the employers could set up MPF plans for all staff but keep the Orso
as a voluntary top-up scheme.

Thirdly, the company could gradually wind up the Orso by banning new employees
from joining the scheme.

Fourthly, employers could wind up the Orso schemes and set up MPF plans, with
the existing members' contributions in the Orso to be frozen. Staff could get
their pensions when they left the company.

Finally, companies could terminate their Orso schemes and transfer all assets to
the MPF plans.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Photo: Ricky Chung); Waiting game - Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority executive director Hendena Yu says most employers with Orso schemes
qualified for MPF exemption are undecided whether to go ahead.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              856 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 2, 2000

Fund to bring end for half Orso pension plans

BYLINE: ENOCH YIU

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 441 words


More than half of Hong Kong's existing 19,000 retirement schemes are unlikely to
continue operating after the launch of the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF).

This is according to Hendena Yu, executive director of the Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes Authority.

Ms Yu believes as many as 10,000 pension plans - under the Occupational
Retirement Schemes Ordinance (Orso) - will be wound up and the assets
transferred to MPF plans.

This would include the 5,000 plans set up after the MPF exemption deadline of
October 15, 1995, she said.

Of the 14,000 schemes qualified for exemptions to set up MPF plans, not all
would go ahead, she said. This was because under the MPF ordinance, employers
faced having to run MPF plans in addition to their Orso schemes.

"There are 5,000 Orso schemes operated by companies with less than 10 staff," Ms
Yu said.

"I wonder if these small players will have the resources to run two pension
schemes at the same time. I think many of them will transfer their Orso into
MPF."

There are many differences between the MPF plans and the Orso schemes.

One big difference is that Orso scheme members can receive their pensions when
they leave the company, whereas under the MPF plans, employees get their
pensions when they are 65.

Ms Yu said many Orso schemes allowed employees to get employers' contributions
only after they had worked for the company for a few years.

Under the MPF plans, employees would always get the employer's contribution, no
matter how long they worked for the company.

Ms Yu said employers who want to keep their Orso schemes must apply to the
authority for exemption by May 3. At this time, only seven application for
exemptions had been made, reflecting the fact most employers had still to decide
whether to keep their Orso schemes.

Ms Yu gave five options for employers to handle the Orso interface.

They could continue to run the schemes. However, employees would need to be
given a one-time option of choosing to stay with the Orso or joining an MPF
plan.

Even if one opted for MPF, the firm would need to set up a plan.

Secondly, the employers could set up MPF plans for all staff but keep the Orso
as a voluntary top-up scheme.

Thirdly, the company could gradually wind up the Orso by banning new employees
from joining the scheme.

Fourthly, employers could wind up the Orso schemes and set up MPF plans, with
the existing members' contributions in the Orso to be frozen. Staff could get
their pensions when they left the company.

Finally, companies could terminate their Orso schemes and transfer all assets to
the MPF plans.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Photo: Ricky Chung); Waiting game - Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Authority executive director Hendena Yu says most employers with Orso schemes
qualified for MPF exemption are undecided whether to go ahead.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              857 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           January 29, 2000, Saturday

Pension plan strike threat

BYLINE: Antonia Senior

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 826 words


Firemen fear security in retirement will go up in smoke if schemes are switched:
Antonia Senior reports.

Baggage handlers, cleaners and firefighters are threatening to walk out on
strike at Liverpool Airport because of proposed changes to their company pension
scheme which they suspect could undermine their retirement prospects.

All three groups of workers are up in arms about the airport's offer of a
money-purchase pension in place of an established final salary scheme in which
the eventual benefits are tied to the length of service and pay.

The firefighters especially are incensed because usually they take early
retirement, much as police officers do. They are concerned that contributions to
a money-purchase scheme will not be given sufficient time to grow and will not
return adequate benefits. Their average age is 40.

A fireman said: "We have had a consultative ballot and people are willing to
take industrial action over the issue if need be. We are being thrown to the
wolves at the last minute, just at the wrong age."

Until last July, the firemen, baggage handlers and cleaners were contracted to
Serco, a company that provides a final salary pension for all workers who want
it. But when Liverpool Airport decided to bring the work in-house, it offered a
money purchase scheme.

A final salary or defined benefit (DB) pension scheme promises members a pension
linked to pay and service. A money purchase, or defined contribution (DC)
pension scheme places the entire investment risk with the individual. Each
member has his or her own pot of money.

The workers at Liverpool Airport are not alone in their plight. An increasing
number of companies are switching to DC schemes, if not for existing staff, then
for new recruits. The move is perceived by many employees as detrimental because
such pensions depend on stock market performance and are not guaranteed by their
employer.

The Liverpool dispute is symptomatic of the fact that more and more companies
are offering DC, rather than DB, schemes to their members. In a DB scheme the
risk is with the employer - it promises a pension and has to deliver it. In a DC
scheme the burden of risk is shifted to the employee, as the pension will depend
on the performance of the investments and the cost of buying an annuity at
retirement. Employees need to be aware of the differences between the two
arrangements to ensure that their pensions do not suffer.

On the plus side, employees in DC schemes do have greater control over the
investment of their pension fund, but greater control can also mean increased
scope for making mistakes. A survey by Towers Perrin, the actuarial consultants,
found that 86 per cent of employers believe that DC members need more
information to make adequate decisions about how to invest their money purchase
funds and what to do at retirement.

Tony Eakins, the managing director of Triskel Communications, which helps
employers to explain pension scheme design to members, says: "We have to ensure
that people are aware of the investment opportunities in DC schemes, so
education is very important." His company advised the Royal Automobile Club when
it started a DC pension scheme for new employees in July 1998. Surprisingly,
about 700 of the 4,000 DB members changed to the DC scheme. Mark Fox, pensions
manager at the RAC, says the DC scheme costs more to run than the DB scheme as
it receives greater employer contributions.

This is not always the case. Alan Pickering, chairman of the National
Association of Pension Funds, says: "Sometimes DC schemes are sold as employee
empowerment. A smokescreen is often created that hides the fact that less money
is going into the DC scheme. Employees should be told it as it is."

Bruce Moss, at Towers Perrin, says: "Unless you are very careful, less money
goes into a DC scheme than a DB scheme and you will get a smaller pension, pound
for pound. Employees need to be aware they have to put their own money into a
scheme, invest it in equities and be comfortable with the volatility that
entails."

Many companies start DC schemes because, even if they cost more to run, the
liabilities are limited.

Rod Hill, managing director of Liverpool Airport, said: "A final salary scheme
would require uncertain employer costs, and probably more than the 6 per cent
contributions we will make to the money purchase scheme. That uncertainty is
unacceptable."

Government reforms are accelerating the DC trend. Stakeholder pensions, designed
for the lower-paid without access to a company plan, are DC in structure. Raj
Mody, of Bacon & Woodrow, the actuarial consultants, says: "Stakeholders are
bringing low-cost DC pension vehicles to the entire population, so it is
inevitable that there will be an increase in how comfortable people feel with
the DC concept. But that does not mean they are necessarily the best option for
those already in DB schemes."


LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              858 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           August 28, 1999, Saturday

In search of a smooth changeover

BYLINE: Antonia Fraser

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 892 words


Don't gamble with your retirement when moving between jobs, says Antonia Fraser

Few people decide whether to take a new job by tossing a coin. Heads, better pay
and a change of scene; tails, familiarity breeding comfort or contempt. But by
ignoring the huge implications of the move on your pension you could
inadvertently be gambling with your retirement.

The first decision to make is whether or not to join your new employer's pension
scheme, if one is on offer. Nick White, a pensions lawyer with Edge Ellison, a
City law firm, says: "It nearly always makes sense to join a scheme offered by
your new employer. If you do not, it is unlikely that your new employer will
offer to contribute to any other scheme."

If you opt to miss out on these employer contributions you are effectively
voting yourself a pay cut. The recent Pounds 11 billion mis-selling scandal
centred on people leaving company schemes in favour of less beneficial personal
pension plans. Staying in a personal plan when you have the option of joining a
company scheme is almost always wrong.

On the other hand, if you previously had a personal pension, you cannot continue
to pay into it and a company scheme simultaneously. The money accumulated can
instead be turned into a free-standing additional voluntary contribution
(FSAVC), used to top up your company scheme.

Alternatively, you can leave the money "paid up" where it is. Your pension
provider may impose some unpalatable charges, but they are worth swallowing to
benefit from employer contributions over the longer term.

The decisions become more complicated if you already have a company pension with
your former employer. The question is what to do with the money you have
accumulated. If you have been a member of the scheme for fewer than two years,
then your contributions will be refunded. The lump sum you receive will be taxed
and you will be no nearer funding your retirement.

However, if you have been a member for longer than two years, then you can
either leave the money where it is as a deferred pension or transfer it to the
new scheme. Some schemes will not accept transfers, so you will have no option
but to leave the money behind. But if your new scheme does accept inward
transfers, this is likely to be the better option.

The right decision depends heavily on the type of schemes you are moving
between. Defined benefit schemes, also known as final-salary schemes, invest
their members' money collectively and promise a pension based on the individual
member's years in service and final salary. Defined contribution schemes, known
as money purchase schemes, give each member an individual pot of money that is
invested on their behalf and used at retirement to purchase annuities.

When a member leaves a defined benefit scheme, an actuary will calculate a cash
equivalent transfer value. For defined contribution members, the amount of their
contributions and the investment growth will determine the sum that can be
transferred. Note, too, that in defined benefit schemes the burden of risk is on
the employer, who has promised a pension, whereas in defined contribution
schemes it is on the employee because the pension is dependent on investment
returns and annuity rates at retirement.

So if you are moving from a defined benefit scheme to a defined contribution
plan, bear in mind the greater risks inherent in the latter. Even if you are
moving between defined benefit schemes, it is worth considering what you expect
your final salary to be at retirement.

Mr White said: "Most schemes make a standard assumption about salary growth when
calculating what credit to offer for transfers from other schemes. Rising stars
in a company should beat that assumption and therefore do very well out of the
transfer credit that they are given."

Moving between defined contribution schemes presents different problems. Because
the growth rate of the fund is crucial, it may be worth comparing the investment
structures of each scheme. Younger employees may want their money in a fund with
a higher risk profile, perhaps with a heavy weighting towards equities, in the
expectation of good long-term returns.

Simon Martin, senior consultant and actuary at Aon Consulting, said that
deciding whether to take your money with you or leave it behind is "effectively
a gamble", adding: "If you are moving between defined contribution schemes you
have to decide which fund's investments are going to fare better. You will only
know for certain if it was the right decision when you come to retire."

However, Mr Martin said that by getting financial advice you can increase your
odds of betting the right way. Look for an independent financial adviser (IFA)
who works on a fee basis, rather than commission, and who holds a G60
certificate indicating pensions expertise. To find such an IFA in your area,
contact the Institute of Financial Planning, or IFA Promotion. There is too much
at stake to leave your retirement entirely to chance.

LINKS

IFA Promotion: 0117-971 1177; IFA Association 0117-298 1800, www.ifaa.org.uk;
Institute of Financial Planning: 0117-930 4434; Edge Ellison: 0121-200 2001,
www.edge.co.uk/edge/; Aon Consulting: 01252 544484, www.aonconsulting.co.uk.

Weekend Money website:

http: / www.times-money.co.uk/pensions


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Newspapers Limited


                              859 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Standard (London)

                               November 24, 1995

The routes to a happy retirement;
ABSOLUTE ESSENTIALS PENSIONS

BYLINE: Elaine Carlton

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 2294 words


THERE are two breeds of pension plan - the final-salary scheme and the money
purchase plan. Both operate quite separately from the State and are designed to
en- hance substantially the amount of income a pensioner can expect to receive
during retirement.

The anatomy of the two breeds, however, is quite different. For anyone who wants
to understand pensions it is important to appreciate the distinctions.

The names of the two kinds of pension plan sound bizarre. They are, but if you
know how the schemes work the names start sounding less so.

FINAL-SALARY schemes are run by companies or Government-sponsored employers like
the Civil Service. Such a scheme pays a pensioner a proportion of final salary
as retirement income. The proportion you get depends on length of service.

The amount of pension you receive is commonly one-60th of final salary for every
year of service. So an employee retiring on a salary of £24,000 after 40 years
membership would receive 40/60ths (or two-thirds) of £24,000, which is £16,000 a
year. But someone retiring on the same salary after six years would receive just
6/60 of £24,000 or £2400 a year.

Payouts from final-salary schemes do not have to be indexed through retirement -
although this will change from April 1997. If your company does not index
payments your income will not rise in line with inflation and will lose value.

Final-salary schemes do not treat early leavers well but if you do leave - say
aged 30, after six years service, earning £24,000, you still qualify for a £2400
a year pension. The trouble is, inflation will again damage the value of £2400
by the time you retire.

MONEY PURCHASE schemes can be run by companies. They can also be run by
individuals through personal pension plans.

Personal pensions are commonly the best option for the self-employed but are
usually administered by a big pensions company.

In a money-purchase scheme an individual pot of money is saved on your behalf
and when it comes to retirement you use that money to purchase a pension income.

With a money-purchase scheme what you collect on retirement is based on what you
put into your pension fund during your working life. It also depends on the
investment performance of your savings minus the costs of running the fund.

You purchase pension income by buying an annuity. The exact income you can get
depends on personal circumstances but a typical pensioner can receive a lifetime
annual income of 10% of the cost of the annuity.

If you save up £50,000 in a money purchase scheme you could expect an annual
income - for the rest of your life - of £5000.

There are also two ways of investing funds for saving towards a money purchase
pension. The first, called "with-profit", adds the profit of investment
performance year by year.

With-profit pensions grow steadily and on a ratchet so once you have secured an
investment profit it cannot be taken away. However, the amount of profit added
is dependent on the administrating pension company and investment performance.

The alternative is a unit-linked pension where returns are much closer to the
actual investment performance of the fund.

How to buy some more time

IF YOU are worried that your company-run scheme is not adequate for your needs,
you can up the ante.

With a final-salary scheme you can do this by effecting a manoeuvre called
"buying extra years". By increasing contributions, this allows you to
artificially lengthen your period of service for the purposes of a pension.

You can also set up a parallel money-purchase scheme but be aware that the costs
may be greater using this method.

With company money-purchase schemes, the way to make yourself better off is to
make AVCs - additional voluntary contributions. The extra cash is invested in
the same fund as the base scheme.

Bear in mind that there are limits to the amount of money you can invest

in pension schemes but these are high enough not to trouble most people.

SAVING for a pension is probably the most tax effective way of saving. All
contributions are paid from salary before tax is deducted, and investment
returns roll up tax free too.

THE best advice is - almost invariably - to join a scheme operated by your
employer regardless of whether it is a final salary or a money purchase scheme.

This is because in a company-run scheme you are likely to receive financial
assistance from the company whereas with a personal scheme you are normally left
on your own. Another advanage is that charges in group scheme are spread wider,
and are therefore cheaper to individuals.

FINAL-salary schemes suit people who are in one job for life. Their decline in
popularity has accompanied a rise in people moving jobs more often.

FINAL-salary schemes are sometimes called "defined benefit" schemes because they
are defined by the pension benefit you will receive. Money-purchase schemes are
sometimes called "defined contribution" schemes because they are defined by the
contributions you make.

IN BOTH final-salary schemes and money-purchase schemes you can take a slug of
money as a tax free lump sum when you retire. The amount you take will affect
the amount of pension income you can earn.

Value of staying flexible

FLEXIBILITY is a key issue. Your choice is restricted if you are in a company
scheme - but the added funding companies often provide make it a restriction
worth living with. If you require a personal pension shop around to make sure
you get flexibility.

The uncertain job market means that pension savers may want to take contribution
holidays - if you are out of work or on maternity leave. You may also want to be
able to increase or reduce contributions without penalty. Many pension providers
allow you this kind of flexibility.

T H E T O P P E R F O R M E R S

10 years of contributions to a money purchase scheme at £200 a month gives:
Equitable Life£35,281

Colonial Mutual£35,024

Abbey Life£34,692

SE Banken£34,445

Save & Prosper£34,402

NFU Mutual£34,208

Allied Dunbar£34,180

Guardian Financial Services£33,862

TSB£33,845

Commercial Union£33,807

25 years of contributions to a money purchase scheme at £200 a month gives:
Equitable Life£186,276

Scottish Equitable£180,406

Allied Dunbar£179,513

Eagle Star£179,147

Save & Prosper£178,717

Old Mutual£178,158

Norwich Union£176,340

Legal & General£176,255

Wesleyan Assurance£176,177

Cornhill Assurance£175,910

Source: Money Management

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1995 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              860 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            August 19, 1996, Monday

Women's retirement plans cause dismay

BYLINE: WILLIAMS Alan

SECTION: FEATURES; FINANCE; Pg. 34; PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 884 words


Women need to start thinking about themselves as individuals rather than as
beneficiaries of any retirement schemes their husbands or partners belong to.

They face the prospect of spending the last 10 years of their life alone, after
outliving their husbands, with the likelihood of having to live on a halved
pension payment or less, depending on the arrangement of the scheme.

Another possibility is that a woman could find herself in a failed marriage in
her 50s, receiving a lump sum payment to put towards a house, but then having no
retirement savings, says Carey Hughes, marketing manager for National Mutual
Corporate Superannuation Services.

She says retirement income for women in New Zealand is a major issue often not
given the recognition it deserves. Those needing to think about it most are
those in their early 30s through to those approaching retirement.

Her advice to women in the workforce to whom a company sponsored scheme is
available is to join as soon as they can. If a work savings scheme is not
available, then join a scheme anyway -- small regular savings amounts can add up
to a significant sum over 20 to 30 years. Any savings will be better than no
savings. There is also a message to employers who sponsor superannuation schemes
. Women react differently to men when presented with scheme brochures. Men read
the material, and make a decision. Women will want to discuss the issue, to
share their views, and will want more education before they make a commitment.
Carey Hughes, who advocates discussion groups in the workplace, says employers
do not always provide for this.

She provided figures at a recent superannuation conference workshop in
Christchurch showing female membership of employer sponsored retirement schemes
in New Zealand being very low.

Female membership of schemes run by members of the Association of Superannuation
Funds is about half that of male.

According to a 1995 survey, only 37.5% of scheme members were women, although
this was up slightly on 1994's 36.6%. Among pension recipients, only 28.6% were
women, though this too was up on the 27.1% in 1994.

Carey Hughes said women gave several reasons for not joining employer-sponsored
superannuation schemes. These were:

The scheme was not available to part-time, casual, or contract workers.

They did not believe they would stay long enough to justify membership.

They did not perceive value in the scheme.

They had been given only one opportunity to join, and membership was not
relevant at that time.

They did not understand the promotional material.

They expected their husband/partner to look after them.

They did not earn enough to afford to be able to lose the cash income. One of
the key points is the time a women thinks she may stay with an employer. Someone
intending to stay in a job for two years will often think it is not worthwhile
joining a scheme, but this is wrong. The worker loses nothing by joining. The
scheme usually involves additional insurance cover and the administration costs
are usually paid by the employer.

If the worker leaves after two years she gets her own savings to take with her
(it is hoped to another scheme), and if by chance she stays on for several more
years she should leave with a share of the employer's contribution as well.

Employer schemes used in a National Mutual survey involved firms with 38,495
male employees and 18,643 female employees. Scheme membership was made up of
16,247 males and 6451 females. Females made up 33% of the workforce and only 28%
of scheme membership.

Carey Hughes said that in 86% of the schemes studied, fewer than 50% of female
employees were members. In three of the 209 schemes, female membership exceeded
75% of the staff employed.

Female retirement income is regarded as an important issue because women live
longer than men, and more women live alone than men. Male life expectancy is
73.7 years, compared with female expectancy of 79.1 years. In the age group 65
years and over, 22% of men were not married, compared with 47% of women.

Carey Hughes says the problem with a lot of women is that they assume their
husbands will look after them in retirement. In many cases, this does not
eventuate, and in some schemes the income for a surviving widow is not always
high.

Some women do not start their own retirement schemes because their husbands see
it as threatening their traditional role as provider.

She says women can get around this by discussing with them the typical New
Zealand situation where wives outlive their husbands by up to 10 years.

Women do have practical difficulties in planning retirement schemes, says Carey
Hughes.

They are in paid work for a shorter time than men, and earn less than men
through their higher earning-potential years.

They have issues such as child care and elder care which can take them out of
the workforce.

Women without their own superannuation scheme do have the New Zealand government
scheme to live on. This scheme is regarded as the best arrangement for women in
any OECD country. The scheme is gender neutral and individually based.

Men and women have the same age for retirement and the same gross pension,
although the payment is only about 65% of the average wage, enough for just a
basic living.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 Fairfax New Zealand


                              861 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

THE PENSIONS TIME BOMB AND THE 12 QUESTIONS YOU MUST ASK

BYLINE: Charlie Weston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 872 words


SHOULD I stay, or should I go now? It is a question that thousands of people
with company pensions are currently asking.

Specifically, they are wondering if they should cut their losses and take their
fund and invest it elsewhere, or stick with the scheme in the hope that it will
deliver on most of the pension promises.

The dilemma has been prompted by alarming research this week showing that
deficits in the defined benefit schemes of the largest companies and semi-states
have ballooned.

This means the pensions time bomb for up to 600,000 has started to go off. Here
are the questions those with a company pension should ask.

WHAT IS A DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION SCHEME? A: A defined benefit scheme is where
the pension paid to you at retirement is based on a formula, usually involving
the number of years you were in the scheme and your salary at retirement.

Generally, someone who works 40 years would expect a pension of between half and
two-thirds of their salary at retirement when combined with the State pension,
according to Jerry Moriarty of the Irish Association of Pension Funds, which
represents pension savers.

WHY IS THERE TALK OF A PENSION FUND CRISIS? A: In order to ensure there is
enough money put aside to pay the pension when a person comes to retire,
employees and employers pay into the fund. The amount they pay in is calculated
by an actuary and is based on assumptions on things like how long people live,
investment returns, interest rates and future salary increases. When the
investment markets crashed in 2008, many schemes had much lower assets than they
had assumed for, and had to either put more money in or cut the pensions.

Asset values have recovered since, but low interest rates mean the cost of
providing the pensions has risen significantly. This means schemes don't have
enough assets should they have to meet all their liabilities now.

WILL IT JUST GET WORSE UNTIL THERE'S NOTHING LEFT? A: Not necessarily, Mr
Moriarty says. A rise in interest rates would improve the position of schemes.

Schemes are also regulated by the Pensions Authority. They set out a minimum
level of assets schemes should have. When their assets fall below that the
scheme has to submit a plan to the regulator, setting out how it will get back
to having enough assets.

WHAT IS A DEFICIT? A: A deficit means that if the scheme had to wind up today
and pay out all the pensions it had promised, it wouldn't have the assets to do
so. It is unlikely that the scheme will have to wind up as many expect to be
around for the next 30 to 40 years while they continue to pay pensions.

SHOULD I ASK MY EMPLOYER TO SWITCH ME TO A DEFINED CONTRIBUTION SCHEME? A: Some
pensions advisers are suggesting that people pull their funds out of defined
benefit scheme. The problem is that the value of what is called a transfer will
be low. Many people prefer to stay where they are, as a defined benefit scheme
should let you know what pension you can expect. The pension you get in a
defined contribution scheme is completely dependent on the size of your fund at
retirement and the cost of pensions at that time. Both of those are hard to
predict.

TO QUOTE THE 1980S HIT FROM THE THE CLASH - SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO NOW? A:
You don't often have a choice as it may be in your contract of employment that
you have to be in the scheme. In any case, your employer will be paying more
than you into the scheme and paying a lot of the costs. It is unlikely you'd do
better on your own.

WHO'S BETTER OFF - YOUNGER OR OLDER EMPLOYEES? A: People who are already being
paid a pension have more protection if a scheme winds up in deficit as they have
no opportunity to save further for retirement.

WHAT OPTIONS WILL I HAVE AT RETIREMENT? A: At retirement most schemes will pay
your pension from the fund. Some might buy that pension so that an insurance
company will then pay you the pension for the rest of your life. You will be
able to give up some of your pension and receive a tax-free lump sum instead.

EVERYONE IN THE UK IS CASHING IN THEIR PENSIONS - SHOULD I DO THE SAME? A: You
can't cash in a defined benefit scheme here or in the UK.

IS BREXIT OR TRUMP GOING TO WRECK MY PENSION? A: It may have an impact - but
that could be positive. Since both events investment markets have been largely
positive and bond yields have risen in the last week. Higher bond yields, or the
interest paid on them, decreases the cost of pensions, which is good for those
pension schemes.

SHOULD I INCREASE MY CONTRIBUTIONS? A: You should work out what you need to
attain the standard of living you desire in retirement.

Then look at what your defined benefit schemes is promising and what State
pension you will get. If there is a gap you can consider paying more in.

This will go to a separate defined contribution scheme.

WHERE CAN I GET MORE INFORMATION? A: You should already get lots of information
from your scheme including an annual benefits statement which will show how much
pension you have built up and how much it is likely to be when you retire.

You can also get the trustee annual report which will give an overall summary of
the scheme.

These will also detail who you can contact for any further information. Also
check the Pensions Authority's website.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Thousands of OAPs facing the shock of cuts in their pensions

BYLINE: Charlie Weston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 505 words


THOUSANDS of retired people face having their pensions cut under new rules
approved by the Government.

The change will mean that existing pensioners will get to keep (EURO)12,000 a
year - but face losing money if their pension is higher than that.

The Cabinet has signed off on new rules to allow existing pension payments to be
hit in schemes that go bust or have to be restructured.

It is the first time that pensioners will have been hit - people who have no
ability to make up the lost income.

Up to now, pensioners in private schemes had their pensions fully protected in
the vast majority of cases, even when schemes had to slash pensions benefits
they expected to pay to those still working. Now, Social Protection Minister
Joan Burton is to introduce new legislation to allow trustees of defined-benefit
schemes to share out losses in schemes between those yet to retire and those who
are already getting pensions.

There will be no impact on the state pension. But up to 85,000 people who are
paid a pension from a private sector defined benefit scheme are vulnerable. The
pensions being paid out in around half of these schemes are in deficit.

Once the law takes effect, schemes that are in trouble will be able to cut
pensions when the schemes are being restructured or wound up.

This will mean more money for those yet to retire when a definedbenefit scheme
is underfunded. Ms Burton's change to the law will mean that existing pensioners
will get to keep at least (EURO)12,000 a year, but face losing money if they get
more than that.

Most pensioners of defined-benefit schemes get less than (EURO)12,000 a year,
according to Dr Orlaigh Quinn of the Department of Social Protection.

The new law is expected to be in place by Christmas.

It will allow trustees to cut the pension in half for amounts over (EURO)12,000,
where both the scheme and the sponsoring company are insolvent. This means a
person getting a pension of (EURO)20,000 a year from a private sector scheme
faces losing up to (EURO)4,000 of this.

If both the scheme and its sponsoring company are bust and cannot pay the
minimum (EURO)12,000 pension, the State will fund the shortfall through the levy
on private-sector funds.

Where only the scheme is bust, and in cases where schemes are being
restructured, trustees will have to ensure that pensioners get (EURO)12,000.

In these cases, any cuts over that amount will be limited to 10pc for pensions
up to (EURO)60,000.

Those yet to retire will have to take a similar-sized hit.

Underfunded The measure will be retrospective, but experts said it was unlikely
to apply where a scheme has already been wound up or restructured.

However, the new rules will not apply where a scheme has already been
restructured and pensioners have been provided with an annuity - an annual
payment until they die.

There are just under 800 definedbenefit pension schemes in the private sector,
but hundreds of them are in trouble.

Around 240 are underfunded, while some 160 are in deep trouble, according to the
Department of Social Protection.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joan Burton: new legislation on defined-benefit schemes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

Latest report finds medical schemes are in rude health

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 539  words


Latest report finds medical schemes are in rude health

Science and Health Writer

CAPE TOWN - A new report offers the first glimpse on the health of the open
medical schemes market after the Council for Medical Schemes was forced to delay
publishing its annual report.

Global Credit Ratings (GCR) has released a report based on SA's 11 biggest open
medical schemes, which account for about 90% of the market segment. The
council's annual report provides extensive data on the entire medical schemes
industry, but it cannot be released until it has resolved a dispute with medical
scheme Commed over its financial statements.

GCR's report found that the schemes it reviewed were on a sound financial
footing, despite reporting a R400m operating loss. This was cushioned by their
deep financial reserves.

Investments and other income came to R1.7bn, to give the schemes a collective
net surplus of R1.2bn. Contribution income totalled R85.7bn, up on the previous
year's R78.7bn.

Schemes had reported a net health-care loss because of higher-than-anticipated
claims, driven by increased benefit utilisation, and an unexpected spike in
exceptionally large claims, said GCR head of insurance ratings Marc Chadwick.

The claims ratio rose to 88.5% in 2015, compared to 87.7% in 2014. As schemes
try to match their contribution income to benefit design, even a small increase
in the claims ratio can mean the difference between an operating surplus and a
loss: only three medical schemes in the sample - Discovery Health Medical Scheme
, Hosmed, and Sizwe - reported an operating surplus for 2015.

Many schemes dipped into their reserves, which were higher than the statutory
requirement, to alleviate cost pressures on members.

GCR found the overall picture was one of schemes well-placed to pay members'
claims.

& What we see on aggregate level is a very high level of credit strength,&
Chadwick said. & The balance sheet has a high level of buffer available to
absorb volatility and our sample has a high quantum of reserves, translating
into a healthy solvency margin of 27.7%.& A scheme's solvency ratio is a measure
of its accumulated funds to its annualised contribution income, and is a key
rating factor. GCR said it expected this measure to remain constant over the
medium term. In addition to its industry analysis, GCR rated 13 medical schemes,
awarding the highest possible rating of AA++ to Discovery and Bankmed, a
restricted scheme limited to bank employees. Six other schemes - Camaf,
Fedhealth, Medihelp, Medshield, Momentum and Profmed - were also in the AA band,
which indicates a high claims paying ability. Bonitas, Hosmed, and Sizwe were in
the A band. Transmed got a BB+ rating, while Resolution received a BBB- .

GCR said there was limited scope for growth in medical scheme membership, as
tough economic conditions made membership expensive. On the positive side, the
average age of beneficiaries in open schemes remained stable, at 34 years.
Younger members are needed to subsidise older members, who tend to have higher
health claims.

Non-healthcare expenditure was well-managed, at 10.4% of gross premium income in
2015.

kahnt@bdlive.co.za

Our sample has a high quantum of reserves, translating into a healthy solvency
margin of 27.7%

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Prices set by state not a good idea

BYLINE: JASSON URBACH

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 669  words


Prices set by state not a good idea

MEDICAL schemes are currently obliged to pay in full - regardless of how much
healthcare providers charge - for the compulsory package of benefits known as
prescribed minimum benefits. Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi has proposed
amendments to these regulations, which, if accepted, will limit medical schemes'
liabilities.

The proposed amendments say medical schemes are liable for payment for services
in accordance with the billing rules and the tariff codes of the national health
reference price list, published by the Council for Medical Schemes in
conjunction with the Department of Health in 2006.

Alternatively, schemes may negotiate tariffs for prescribed minimum benefits
directly with health service providers, but they are not permitted to make use
of cost-saving measures such as co-payments or deductibles.

The department's head of regulation and compliance, Anban Pillay, says the aim
of the draft regulations is to protect medical schemes from open-ended claims
for prescribed minimum benefits because & there is an unequal balance between
medical schemes and providers, who have a blank cheque to charge what they like&
Pillay correctly pointed out that prescribed minimum benefits pushed up the cost
of private healthcare and were making the medical scheme industry unsustainable.

Indeed, if medical schemes were to obey the laws and pay the full costs
associated with prescribed minimum benefits without limitations, they would
quickly go insolvent. Member contributions cover a defined list of benefits set
out in the member's agreement with the medical scheme. Medical scheme
administrators are compelled to guard members' interests by ensuring that they
adhere to the terms of the contract. If they pay for treatments that have no
cost limitations, they will bankrupt the medical scheme and fail in their duty
to the entire pool of members.

The department is correct - it is unreasonable to force medical schemes to pay
service providers in full, regardless of what they charge. But it is
unreasonable for the government to dictate what benefits should be included in
private arrangements. When benefits are determined politically rather than by
what individuals want, the benefit package and the costs required to cover them
expand and raise the cost of providing medical scheme coverage.

For the number of private medical scheme beneficiaries to grow, the cost of
medical scheme options needs to be reduced. For this to happen, the government
needs to remove prescribed minimum benefits, or exempt schemes at the low end of
the market from having to cover prescribed minimum benefits.

The department's proposed solution - to use the council's 2006 price list even
after adjustment for inflation - is a poor idea and an attempt to further
control prices in the private medical sector. Since 2006, medical costs have
increased at a faster rate than inflation due to the introduction of new
technologies and procedures. One of the many flaws of government-controlled
prices is that governments cannot react fast enough to new developments. Any
price list it introduces will quickly become irrelevant.

The Competition Commission should be asked to repeal its 2004 ruling that
prevents medical schemes from negotiating prices with service providers. If
medical schemes, as a group, are permitted to negotiate prices, it will give
them greater bargaining power to secure more favourable prices with healthcare
providers and then pass these savings on to consumers through reduced premiums.

To reduce private medical cover premiums and increase the number of people
enrolled in private medical schemes, medical schemes must be able to negotiate
effectively with service providers on behalf of members. Medical schemes must
also be in a position to devise policies that cater for the individual
healthcare needs of beneficiaries and must not be forced to cover procedures and
conditions that consumers do not want.

& 8226;Urbach is a director of the Free Market Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 August 8, 2014

Comment: Restore medical aids to good health

BYLINE: ElsabÃ© Conradie

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 1459 words



HIGHLIGHT: Private healthcare is meant to support public health, but it must be
kept in check.


Usually there is only one healthcare system in a country, made up of a number of
role players, but the South African healthcare system is unlike those of most
other countries.Here, it is a mixture of a robust private sector, a struggling
public sector and some ad-hoc nongovernmental not-for-profit organisations. Both
the public and the private sectors rely on the same pool of human resources to
serve the population's healthcare needs, although the public sector is mostly
responsible for training medical professionals and maintaining standards and
ethical conduct.The scarcity of healthcare professionals has allowed private
providers to dominate the market, and the absence of local competition in
certain parts of the country has led some service providers to charge exorbitant
fees. The private sector serves an important role in that it improves access to
healthcare and reduces the burden on the public sector. The private sector is
also concerned with the business of making a profit, specifically in the case of
medical scheme administrators, managed care organisations and private hospitals.
Equity and improvement in health status is critical for the public sector. The
public sector, however, is not geared towards making a profit. Private health
sector
Of the total South African population of about 53-million, only 8.7-million
people are beneficiaries of private healthcare, which is generally delivered
through medical schemes.

Membership of a medical scheme is mostly voluntary.Medical schemes are the main
way of financing private healthcare, although they covered only 16% of the
population in 2012. Medical schemes are regulated by the Council for Medical
Schemes as stipulated in the Medical Schemes Act 131 of 1998, with the purpose
of protecting beneficiaries, maximising access to coverage and protecting the
public interest. Without proper regulation, only private interests would
prevail, reducing access and accountability. The private health sector in South
Africa, therefore, is in need of urgent reform so that both the supply and
demand sides of the market enable it to maximise its contribution to the
country's overall health system. It is imperative that action be taken to
contain price escalation, including the stimulation of competition (based on
quality and price); to encourage innovation in products and services offered,
which could support the drive to improve primary care; and to address perverse
incentives.Pricing authority
A statutory pricing authority should be established to regulate price-setting by
private hospitals and other healthcare centres and address the adverse impact of
vertical relationships between specialists and private hospitals. It should be
set up in collaboration with the Health Professions Council of South Africa, the
Office of Health Standards Compliance, the medical schemes council and other
relevant affected stakeholders.Failure to regulate the supply side of the market
will erode social solidarity and financial protection within the private
healthcare industry.Membership in medical schemes for people in formal
employment and increasing income cross-subsidisation among members will
contribute to accessibility of private healthcare. Income cross-subsidies are
needed to ensure that medical scheme membership is affordable for lower-income
households. Currently, wealthier households spend a far lower proportion of
their income on medical scheme contributions than poorer families. Restricted
schemes (to which only the employees of a specific company can belong) use
income cross-subsidisation effectively to ensure that low-income earners can
afford the contributions, but open schemes (of which anyone can be a member)
tend to differentiate contributions by income band only for their low-cost
options.Unaddressed, the absence of a risk adjustment mechanism within the
funding environment will continue to result in a skewed market structure in
which some schemes benefit from their risk profiles whereas others experience
worsening demographic profiles. Hence, the consolidation within the industry
will increase.Compulsory membership
Serious consideration should be given to making scheme membership compulsory for
people in formal employment. This would prevent anti-selection (when individuals
join schemes only when they need healthcare and leave thereafter) and reduce
contributions. Mandatory membership would also reduce the average age of those
covered by medical schemes and has the potential to improve the risk profiles of
medical schemes.Unfortunately, healthcare consumers are sometimes misled and
exploited. They are persuaded to purchase products not suited to their specific
needs. This and other types of problems associated with unequal access to
information need to be resolved through a collaborative effort between different
government entities, industry stakeholders and medical scheme members'
representatives. The simplification of benefits to improve product transparency
and value-for-money comparisons, which members of medical schemes can
understand, has to be considered.Some medical schemes have contracts with
healthcare service providers that have been identified as providing services
cost-effectively. Such schemes have achieved a significant saving on claims
payouts. More schemes should negotiate with service providers for better rates.
Alternative reimbursement methods
Where possible, schemes could make greater use of alternative reimbursement
methods such as risk transfer arrangements by which, instead of a fee for
service, a scheme enters into a contract with service providers that requires
the service provider to take some of the financial risk of providing services to
members. Currently, providers charge for each service, which can result in the
over-servicing of members.In addition, some healthcare service providers are
abusing the definition of â[#x20ac]oepayment in full at costâ[#x20ac], resulting
in excessively expensive healthcare services. Some providers, for instance,
charge higher fees for prescribed minimum benefit (PMB) conditions when patients
are medical scheme members. By law medical schemes have to pay for PMBs. There
have also been instances where related non-PMB conditions are coded as PMB
conditions and are remunerated at higher-than-average levels. Furthermore, there
is a need to create awareness among members to improve their understanding of
the meaning of â[#x20ac]oepayment at costâ[#x20ac] because it relates to the
contracted designated service providers by the medical schemes. Within this
context, the level of supplier-induced demand persists within a market that is
highly concentrated. Prescribed minimum benefits and price regulation
An important contributor to the current difficulties experienced with PMBs is
the fact that the PMB package was not designed to operate in a market with no
price regulation.The estimated cost of the PMB package per beneficiary per month
per scheme for 2012 varied between R240.60 and R925.32 a month (see graphic).
Medical schemes face different risks - based on differences in the risk profiles
of medical schemes, it is clear that they do not compete on equal grounds. A
system of risk adjustment is required to adjust the risk so that all medical
schemes compete on equal grounds. This would force medical schemes to be more
efficient.In an environment of open enrolment and community rating without
mandatory membership of medical schemes the healthy will opt out and the sick
will opt in. By implication, the prevalence of the PMB conditions will increase.
This in turn will drive up the average cost of benefits, of which PMBs will
represent a large proportion. If this fundamental structural problem is not
fixed, there could be a cutback on the PMB benefits, which does not really solve
the root of the problem.The current PMB package is mostly curative and limited
to hospital treatments. Therefore, the PMB package should be supported by
incorporating a more preventative component of care, including the chronic
disease lists. Although initially it will result in an increase in cost, in the
long term there will be benefits because cost interventions will result in fewer
hospital admissions. Managed care programmes could further assist in keeping
patients out of hospital.An environment of stability is therefore urgently
required, as well as certainty and transparency within which the medical scheme
industry can thrive while promoting good healthcare for all South Africans.Dr
ElsabÃ© Conradie is the head of stakeholder relations at the Council for Medical
Schemesâ[#x20ac]¢ This article is the fifth and final in a series of opinion
pieces Bhekisisa has run on how to curb private healthcare costs. Bhekisisa does
not necessarily endorse the views represented

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 23, 2014

The trouble with defined benefit pension schemes

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1123 words


December 2013 represented a pivotal moment for members of Irish defined --
benefit (DB) pension schemes, workers at Marks & Spencer's went on strike when
the management closed the workers' pension scheme without agreement while ESB
workers threatened to ''turn the lights out in response to a move by the company
to treat the DB scheme as a defined-contribution scheme for the purpose of its
accounts. And earlier this month, a planned Siptu strike action over the Irish
Airlines Superannuation Scheme pension deficit of more than EUR 700 million was
stopped by an injunction.

**The problem**

DB schemes provide members with retirement benefits typically based on salary
and years of service.

While the benefits are known in advance, the cost to provide these benefits is
not. Therefore, the actuary (on an annual basis) has to carry out an assessment
of the scheme's assets and liabilities, which can reveal bad news given that DB
schemes are still behind since the financial crisis began in 2008 despite the
comeback in equities.

For schemes with large numbers of pensioners the assessment is onerous. Not only
does the scheme have to hold enough money to buy out the pensioner liabilities
with an insurance company (which include administration fees, profit margins and
significant capital reserves) but, from 2016, schemes will have to hold an extra
buffer, the size of which depends broadly on what type of assets the scheme
holds.

For members who have not yet become pensioners, the situation is somewhat less
onerous from the sponsor's perspective -- the scheme just has to hold enough
money to pay out the statutory minimum transfer value (and buffer).

The downside of this approach is that if members actually have to take a
transfer value (eg if the scheme winds up), even if a scheme has sufficient
assets to pay the full transfer value, it is typically insufficient to provide
the member's expected benefits at retirement -- it could be 20 to 30 per cent
less.

**Solutions**

If a DB scheme doesn't have enough assets to meet the statutory liabilities, the
trustees and employer must submit a recovery plan, or ''funding proposal to the
Pensions Authority (previously called the Pensions Board) to ensure that it will
have enough assets at an agreed future point in time (up to about 10 years).

A typical recovery plan incorporates increased contributions and is accompanied
by a review of the scheme's investment strategy. It may also include changes to
benefits that have not yet been earned.

In certain cases, the employer cannot afford to make the increased payments
necessary to support a recovery plan over a reasonable period of time while
continuing to run its business.

In cases where a suitable recovery plan cannot be agreed, another alternative is
a Section 50 order.

Under a Section 50 order, benefits already earned by DB members (including
pensioners) can be reduced. Musgrave Group was one of the first DB schemes to
apply for such an order back in 2010 when they replaced guaranteed pension
increases with discretionary increases, along with a raft of other changes and
increased contributions.

As these orders represent a significant change to earned benefits, members have
the right to make observations to the trustees during the process.

While these observations have to be considered by the trustees, they do not
necessarily have to be acted upon, nor do they have to be passed to the Pensions
Authority by the trustees.

The nuclear option open to the trustees and/or sponsor of a DB scheme is to wind
it up, even where they don't have enough funds to meet their statutory minimum
liabilities. In such cases, however, where the trustees have the power, they may
serve a contribution demand notice (CDN) on the employer to make up any
shortfall.

Whether this CDN is successful depends on the power of the trustees and the
ability of the employer to pay.

In the recent Element 6 case, the trustees chose not to serve a CDN, but
accepted an offer by the employer of an injection of EUR 23.1 million into the
DB scheme plus EUR 14 million to a defined-contribution scheme for active
members, despite the scheme's deficit being about EUR 129 million.

The court held the trustees did not act in breach of duty in adopting this
course. Among other things they had taken into account the risk if the CDN was
served that the employer might close its operations at Shannon or move assets to
related companies rather than make them available to the pension scheme, or that
the employer may go into liquidation.

Litigation and unrest

Claims will continue to be made to the Pensions Ombudsman or could be brought to
the High Court and may cover issues such as breach of duty by the trustees or
loss of rights.

In particular, where schemes are underfunded and no recovery plan is in place,
trustees may be depleting the resources that might otherwise be available to
active and deferred members in wind-up if they continue to pay pensions as
normal. This is an uncomfortable position for trustees to find themselves in.

For the larger DB schemes, the issue of underfunding has been played out mostly
by way of industrial relations disputes. This route has the advantage that it
can coerce an employer to do what it is not otherwise obliged to do in law.

For unions, it is important not to use solely industrial relations machinery.
Where legal recourse is available, this may in some cases be a preferable route
to pursue.

**Happy Christmas?**

From December 25, 2013, pensioners no longer have full priority over other
members when a scheme winds up in deficit. Now, where a DB scheme winds up and
the employer is solvent, pensions in payment can be reduced by as much as 20 per
cent.

Other non-pension members (current and previous employees not yet retired) must
receive at least 50 per cent of their transfer value (excluding pension
increases) before pensioners can receive any of their remaining benefits. For an
insolvent employer, pensions in payment may be reduced by up to 50 per cent.

In its 2002 annual report, the Pensions Authority reported there were 1,788 DB
schemes required to carry out the annual statutory assessment of assets and
liabilities. By 2012, this had fallen to just 933 schemes, a drop of almost 50
per cent over 10 years.

Potentially compounding this trend, in the Element 6 case, the court held obiter
that a funding proposal could amount to a contract between the trustees and the
employer (meaning that the employer could be sued, with the debt becoming a
preferential debt on liquidation).

For those sponsoring DB schemes, 2014 might represent a pivotal moment; they
might consider them to be just too much trouble.

*Stephen O'Sullivan is a barrister and Roma Burke is an actuary with Lane Clark
& Peacock Ireland Ltd*

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      January 28, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Minister of State for Rural Development Jairam Ramesh replies to a query on
'Pension Schemes'

LENGTH: 750  words


Minister of State for Rural Development Jairam Ramesh replies to a query on
'Pension Schemes' raised by Awale Jaywant Gangaram, Ravindra Kumar Pandey, J M
Aaron Rashid and P T Thomas on Dec. 12, 2013.

Question (Starred; # 1232):



(a) The number of pension schemes available for the senior citizens in the
country and the salient features of these schemes;

(b) Whether there is a difference in the pension amount under these schemes and
a demand has been made from various quarters to increase the said amount;

(c) If so, the details thereof;

(d) Whether all the State Governments across the country are releasing pension
of senior citizens, widows and differently abled persons in time;

(e) If not, the States in which there is an inordinate delay in releasing
pension to these categories of the people; and

(f) The reasons for such inordinate delay in releasing pension to these
categories of the people and the measures being taken by the Union Government
for timely release of the pension to these persons?

Answer

(a) The Ministry of Rural Development implements three pension schemes under the
National Social Assistance Programme (NSAP) viz., Indira Gandhi National Old Age
Pension Scheme(IGNOAPS), Indira Gandhi National Widow Pension Scheme (IGNWPS)
and Indira Gandhi NationalDisability Pension Scheme (IGNDPS) for persons who
belong to Below Poverty Line (BPL) families. As per the eligibility criteria,
each of the above mentioned pension schemes are available for senior citizens
who fulfil the eligibility criteria laid down by the Government of India. The
salient features of these schemes are enclosed as Annexure.

(b) & (c) There is difference in the pension amount under these schemes.
Presently under IGNOAPS the pension amount for the beneficiary in the age group
of 60-79 years is Rs.200/- per month whereas in the other two pension schemes
viz., Indira Gandhi National Widow Pension Scheme (IGNWPS) and Indira Gandhi
National Disability Pension Scheme (IGNDPS) the pension amount for the
beneficiary in the age group of 60-79 years is Rs.300/- per month

There have been demands from States, UTs as well as Civil Service Organisations
for enhancingthe pension amount.

(d) & (e) State Governments / UT Administrationsreceive fundsin the Consolidated
Fund of the State / UT for the schemes of NSAP as Additional Central Assistance
(ACA). The funds received in the Consolidated Fund of the State / UT
aretransferred to the Nodal Department implementing the schemes of NSAP. The
Nodal Department on receipt of the fund disburses pension to beneficiaries
through field offices. The pensions are disbursed once the funds flow to the
disbursing offices.

(f) Although the Ministry has not received any complaint regarding inordinate
delay in releasing the pension, Ministry of Rural Development has developed a
software viz., NSAP-MIS to enable fund flow in an efficient manner. Bank
accounts of the beneficiaries are brought under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) so
that the pension is directly transferred into the accounts of the beneficiaries
by the disbursing offices.

ANNEXURE

Salient Features of the Pension Schemes under National Social Assistance
Programme(NSAP)

I. Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (IGNOAPS): Under the scheme,
assistance is provided to person of 60 years and above and belonging to family
living below poverty line as per the criteria prescribed by Government of India.
Central assistance of Rs. 200/- per month is provided to person in the age group
of 60-79 years and Rs. 500/- per month to persons of 80 years and above.

II. Indira Gandhi National Widow Pension Scheme (IGNWPS): Under the scheme
Central assistance @ Rs. 300/- per month is provided to widows in the age-group
of 40-79 years and belonging to family living below poverty line as per the
criteria prescribed by Government of India. After attaining the age of 80 years,
the beneficiary would be shifted to IGNOAPS for getting pension of Rs. 500/- per
month.

III. Indira Gandhi National Disability Pension Scheme (IGNDPS): Under the scheme
Central assistance @ Rs. 300/- per month is provided to persons aged 18-79 years
with severe or multiple disabilities and belonging to family living below
poverty line as per the criteria prescribed by Government of India. After
attaining the age of 80 years, the beneficiary would be shifted to IGNOAPS for
getting pension of Rs. 500/- per month.

States/UTs have been urged to make at least an equal contribution from their own
resources under all three pension schemes.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday

Water flowing thanks to funding

BYLINE: Peter Sanders

SECTION: Pg. 219

LENGTH: 438 words


TASMANIAN farmers had

access to 72,000 megalitres of

additional secure water

through the $220 million of

federal and state government

money that established the 2008

State Water Infrastructure Fund,

Tasmanian Irrigation executive

officer Chris Buza said.

Mr Buza said the infrastructure

fund, together with $90 million of

private sector investment, would

directly realise nine irrigation

schemes, four of which were fully

operational, with three under

construction and expected to

come on line either later this year

or early in 2014, and a further two

where construction was about to

start.

Operating schemes:

[PI9016]&#183;Whitemore Irrigation Scheme

(5500 megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;Great Forester Irrigation

Scheme (1980 megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;Sassafras-Wesley Vale

Irrigation Scheme (5400

megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;Winnaleah Irrigation Scheme

augmentation (3700 megalitres).

Soon to come on line:

[PI9016]&#183;Lower South Esk Irrigation

Scheme (6000 megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;Kindred North-Motton

Irrigation Scheme (2500

megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;Midlands Water Scheme

(38,500 megalitres).

Construction soon to start:

[PI9016]&#183;Upper Ringarooma Irrigation

Scheme (5700 megalitres).

[PI9016]&#183;South-East Irrigation Scheme

(3000 megalitres and still in the

pre-construction stage awaiting

final permits).

Mr Buza said there was

sufficient money remaining from

the original $220 million to

progress a further six schemes to

business-case stage, where the

viability or otherwise of a scheme

is determined, and had earlier

completed the pipelines of the

Meander Irrigation Scheme

started by the Rivers and Water

Supply Commission subsidiary

Tasmanian Irrigation Schemes.

Michael Chilvers, of Nile, is one

farmer who bought water

entitlements in the South Esk

scheme.

He said his farm had no on-farm

storage possibilities, so buying

into the scheme was a fairly easy

decision, even taking into account

the cost of the water.

Mr Buza said Tasmania was set

to produce 20,000 tonnes of carrots

a year for the Western Australian

Sumich concern, Australia's

largest producer of carrots.

"Sumich's move to Tasmania to

supplement its production at a

time when WA faces its worst

weather for growing, is directly

linked to the availability of a

secure water resource,'' he said.

[PI9016]&#183;Tasmanian Irrigation has

assumed responsibility for

existing schemes and continues to

investigate the viability of

irrigation proposals after being

established by the state

government on July 1, 2011.

The responsibilities of the

former Rivers and Water Supply

Commission and the

commission's two subsidiaries,

Tasmanian Irrigation

Development Board and

Tasmanian Irrigation Schemes,

were merged with the company's

creation.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Gold saving schemes a hit as prices dip

SECTION: COIMBATORE

LENGTH: 313 words


COIMBATORE: The drop in gold rates has led to a surge in popular gold savings
schemes by jewellers in Coimbatore. These schemes on maturity give investors
gold at the price that prevailed when they start the scheme. The scheme
popularly known as chitty is offered by almost all the jewellers in the city.
"Gold savings scheme is always popular among the masses and now there are more
takers for the scheme as the gold price has dipped," said a salesman of a
jewellery showroom in the city.

According to him, usually management asks sales personnel to rope in more
customers under the scheme. "But for the past few days people are coming
voluntarily to join these schemes," he added. Under this scheme, people can pay
instalments starting with Rs300 per month and on maturity they can get jewels of
their choice that is equivalent to the maturity amount. The dip in prices has
added to the popularity of these schemes.

"The scheme is especially popular among the lower middle groups. The reason
being, they want to invest their savings in the form of gold," says B Muthu
Venkatram, president of Coimbatore Jewellery Manufacturers' Association.

Pointing out that while middle income group are coming in large numbers to buy
gold, lower income groups depend more on savings scheme. He further added that
there is a growing market for the gold savings scheme. Of late, owing to the
popularity of this scheme among the masses almost all the jewellery has started
the 'chitty' to encourage gold buying among the lower income group.

The attractive instalment plan that helped large number of people to possess
gold has yet again come in handy for those who cannot afford to buy gold even
now. "Under most of the savings schemes, customers will get gold at the rate,
when they start the scheme and this way it helps the people," Mr Muthu Venkatram
added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

Badly formulated tribal welfare schemes

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: PANJIM


PANJIM, Jan. 18 -- I have read the news item ' Tribal Welfare Schemes find no
takers' that appeared in your news paper ( Herald, January 14, 2013). It may be
true that there are no takers for the tribal schemes formulated by the tribal
department. But it is not because there are no needy tribals in Goa to take the
benefit of the schemes, but the poor response is because most of the schemes
that have been formulated by the tribal department, have been designed without
application of mind, without seeking suggestions from the public.

There are no proper guidelines for the implementation of the schemes, there are
no nodal officers appointed by the government, and I may not be wrong if it is
said that the schemes have been formulated at the whims of the minister and the
department responsible for tribal welfare.

First of all the department is not functioning for the welfare of the tribals.
Most of the staff deputed in this department are either incompetent or
untrained. It takes many years for tribals to process their applications for a
small scheme like ' Sahayata .' To cite one example: on September 30, 2011 at
the request of the tribal department, we organized a one day seminar under the
Sahayata scheme.

Though more than a year and a half have passed since the seminar was organized,
we are yet to receive the amount.

When there is an inordinate delay in releasing the payment, who will come
forward to apply for the scheme from the tribal department?. Now let's examine
the scheme mentioned in the news item ~ the scheme for purchase of a mundkar
house. If mundkarial cases are not disposed off or linger for years together
without closure, will the mundkar be able to apply for benefits under the scheme
. The first step should be to expedite pending munkarial cases, as most of such
cases pending are filed by tribals. Only then should the department have thought
of formulating the scheme.

Similarly, the scheme for performing religious ceremony of the dead, has no
guidelines. The scheme is not clear about who can make claims, when there are
more than one legal heirs. Even with other schemes floated by the department,
the formalities are tedious and beyond the reach of the most needy tribals. If
there are no takers for the tribal schemes it is the tribal department and the
government that is at fault. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Herald Goa. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                             July 24, 2012 Tuesday

15 days for RLI stations to be operational

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: IMPHAL


IMPHAL, July 24 -- The decision of the state cabinet to utilize the River Lift
Irrigation (RLI) Schemes for irrigating the dry paddy fields in view of
drought-like condition in the state seems to be infeasible as the water pump
sets and other equipments of RLI Schemes are currently not workable.

At least 15 days will be required to fix the problem. The spare parts and other
accessories of the water pump sets will have to be procured from other states.

In a telephonic conversation with the IFP this afternoon, the Chief Engineer of
Minor Irrigation Department, Shyamkumar told IFP that the state has 139 RLI
Schemes with permanent pump house besides two other schemes with temporary pump
house. There are 48 RLI Schemes in Thoubal district, 40 schemes in Bishnupur
district (Kumbi-38 and Thanga-2), 22 schemes in Imphal East and 31 schemes in
Imphal West and one scheme in Churachandpur district. Only 115 schemes out of
the total 141 schemes in the state may be functional, he noted.

The water pump sets of the RLI Schemes have not been used for quite a long time
and so they must be repaired before they can be operated to irrigate water from
the river to the fields. At least 10 litres of mobil oil will be required while
servicing the water pumps. Moreover, the Minor Irrigation Department is yet to
make arrangement for suction pipes and pipes for supplying water to the fields.
Rings, clamp, ball bearings, full valve and other accessories of water pumps
need to be procured from outside the state, the Chief Engineer stated.

The water pump requires three litres of diesel for one-hour operation and it can
be operated for about eight hours. The pump can also be operated for 10-12 hours
if there is rest at regular intervals during the operation.

The Minor Irrigation Department will have to spend about Rs. 50 lakh as the cost
for diesel to be used in operating the water pump sets as the RLI Schemes do not
generate any revenue from the beneficiaries. The state government has so far not
sanctioned any fund for purchasing diesel oil and spare parts of water pumps.
The government is planning to increase the number of RLI Schemes from 141 to
150, Shyamkumar asserted.

The Chief Engineer further maintained that the budget allocation of Minor
Irrigation Department is only Rs. 270 lakhs and it will not be able to irrigate
all paddy fields in the state.

Only those paddy fields in and around the RLI Schemes can be irrigated through
the RLI Scheme. As of now, RLI Schemes work on Iril River, Imphal River, Kongba
River and Nambul River.

IFP also contacted commissioner of Minor Irrigation Department, Ramthanga to get
the details of RLI Schemes. However, he failed to provide the required
information as he has taken the charge since two/three days.

The IFP also visited the RLI Scheme at Mongsangei Boroi Makhong.

The Chowkidar of that scheme told that the paddy field owners are buying the
diesel oil for operating the water pump set. The paddy fields in and around the
scheme are being irrigated from Nambul River. However, some water from this
scheme is wasted due to cracks in the drainage system.

The chowkidar and pump operator have not received their salaries for the last 20
years.

IFP also found out that some works for RLI were being executed at Tejpur and
Kangla, but there was no water pump.

The farmers of Senapati Loukon, Bamon Loukon, Langthabal Lep Loukon were
irrigating from Iril River through a water pump set donated by Oinam Malesh who
contested the 10th assembly election from Naoriya Pakhanglakpa Kendra in CPI
ticket.

The farmers of Imphal-Ukhrul Road were found irrigating their paddy fields
though private water tankers hired at Rs. 600 per trip.

The four hills districts, namely Ukhrul, Tamenglong, Chandel and Senapari have
been excluded from the provisions of the RLI Schemes. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Beware of legal potholes when you claim from accident fund;
There are two key issues you, as a medical scheme member, should be aware of if
you are injured in a road accident: you may have an obligation to recover your
medical expenses from the Road Accident Fund (RAF), and the fees you agree to
pay a lawyer who helps you to claim from the RAF could affect the award you
receive. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649 words


Your medical scheme can ask you to claim the medical expenses related to the
injuries you suffered in a road accident from the Road Accident Fund (RAF).

The rules of most medical schemes impose this obligation on you. Although
medical schemes are obliged to make you aware of their rules, many members are
oblivious to their duty in terms of the scheme's rules to recover from the RAF
or any other third party the expenses related to injuries caused by others.

The Council for Medical Schemes says the common law principle of subrogation
enables your scheme to ask you to recover costs on its behalf, and should you
recover the costs but fail to pay them over to your medical scheme, you will
have unjustly enriched yourself by receiving double compensation for the same
event.

Members should also know that they may be advised to engage an attorney to
assist with an RAF claim on a no-win, no-fee (contingency) basis. Some lawyers
charge contingency fees within the limits imposed by the law, whereas others,
guided by a Law Society of the Northern Provinces directive, do not.

The law sets a maximum charge of 25 percent of the settlement you receive from
the RAF. However, attorneys who follow the directive are taking up to 40 percent
of the settlement to cover their legal fees and the cost of engaging experts to
support an RAF claim.

The legality of the fees that exceed those laid down by law are likely to be
determined in a court case or a complaint laid with the Law Society of the
Northern Provinces against a prominent personal injury attorney, Ronald Bobroff.

The complaint includes a claim that Bobroff charged his client for more hours
than he spent on the case (see "Attorney faces Law|Society complaint over
'excessive' fees" on page 2).

Signed undertaking

If you belong to a medical scheme, you need to be aware that your scheme may ask
you to sign an undertaking to claim from the RAF and to reimburse the scheme
whatever medical expenses you recover.

This undertaking may include a clause that binds you to repay the scheme without
deducting legal fees from the amount that the RAF paid you for medical expenses.

Some lawyers do not charge|contingency fees based on the medical expenses they
claim on your behalf from the RAF, but others charge fees based on the full
amount you are paid by the RAF. In addition to medical expenses, the RAF will
pay claims for loss of earnings, dependants' loss of support and funeral
expenses. If you are seriously injured as defined in the RAF Act, you can also
claim for loss of amenities, disfigurement, and pain and suffering.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says the rules of many
schemes oblige you to claim from the RAF, but there does not seem to be an
agreed upon procedure that schemes can follow to force you to claim if you
refuse to sign an undertaking.

Gantsho says he will be looking into this when medical schemes submit their
rules to the council for approval or amendments.

The registrar says if you do not sign an undertaking to pursue a claim with the
RAF, your scheme cannot refuse to pay for the medical treatment you require,
subject to the provisions of the Medical Schemes Act and the scheme's rules.

Gantsho says schemes are expected to pay the medical bills, while a member may
claim from the RAF. The two processes should be transparent, understood by all
and well communicated so that "no one can be enriched unjustly", he says.

If a member does not, or is unable to, pursue a claim against a third-party
insurer - including the RAF - the scheme is still obliged to pay the
emergency-related medical claims, because these claims are covered by the
prescribed minimum benefits, Gantsho says.

If you do claim successfully from the RAF, you are obliged to repay your scheme
the medical expenses that you recoup (see "Scheme has the right to cancel
membership if recovered medical expenses not paid over", right).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Beware of legal potholes when you claim from accident fund;
There are two key issues you, as a medical scheme member, should be aware of if
you are injured in a road accident: you may have an obligation to recover your
medical expenses from the Road Accident Fund (RAF), and the fees you agree to
pay a lawyer who helps you to claim from the RAF could affect the award you
receive. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649 words


Your medical scheme can ask you to claim the medical expenses related to the
injuries you suffered in a road accident from the Road Accident Fund (RAF).

The rules of most medical schemes impose this obligation on you. Although
medical schemes are obliged to make you aware of their rules, many members are
oblivious to their duty in terms of the scheme's rules to recover from the RAF
or any other third party the expenses related to injuries caused by others.

The Council for Medical Schemes says the common law principle of subrogation
enables your scheme to ask you to recover costs on its behalf, and should you
recover the costs but fail to pay them over to your medical scheme, you will
have unjustly enriched yourself by receiving double compensation for the same
event.

Members should also know that they may be advised to engage an attorney to
assist with an RAF claim on a no-win, no-fee (contingency) basis. Some lawyers
charge contingency fees within the limits imposed by the law, whereas others,
guided by a Law Society of the Northern Provinces directive, do not.

The law sets a maximum charge of 25 percent of the settlement you receive from
the RAF. However, attorneys who follow the directive are taking up to 40 percent
of the settlement to cover their legal fees and the cost of engaging experts to
support an RAF claim.

The legality of the fees that exceed those laid down by law are likely to be
determined in a court case or a complaint laid with the Law Society of the
Northern Provinces against a prominent personal injury attorney, Ronald Bobroff.

The complaint includes a claim that Bobroff charged his client for more hours
than he spent on the case (see "Attorney faces Law|Society complaint over
'excessive' fees" on page 2).

Signed undertaking

If you belong to a medical scheme, you need to be aware that your scheme may ask
you to sign an undertaking to claim from the RAF and to reimburse the scheme
whatever medical expenses you recover.

This undertaking may include a clause that binds you to repay the scheme without
deducting legal fees from the amount that the RAF paid you for medical expenses.

Some lawyers do not charge|contingency fees based on the medical expenses they
claim on your behalf from the RAF, but others charge fees based on the full
amount you are paid by the RAF. In addition to medical expenses, the RAF will
pay claims for loss of earnings, dependants' loss of support and funeral
expenses. If you are seriously injured as defined in the RAF Act, you can also
claim for loss of amenities, disfigurement, and pain and suffering.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says the rules of many
schemes oblige you to claim from the RAF, but there does not seem to be an
agreed upon procedure that schemes can follow to force you to claim if you
refuse to sign an undertaking.

Gantsho says he will be looking into this when medical schemes submit their
rules to the council for approval or amendments.

The registrar says if you do not sign an undertaking to pursue a claim with the
RAF, your scheme cannot refuse to pay for the medical treatment you require,
subject to the provisions of the Medical Schemes Act and the scheme's rules.

Gantsho says schemes are expected to pay the medical bills, while a member may
claim from the RAF. The two processes should be transparent, understood by all
and well communicated so that "no one can be enriched unjustly", he says.

If a member does not, or is unable to, pursue a claim against a third-party
insurer - including the RAF - the scheme is still obliged to pay the
emergency-related medical claims, because these claims are covered by the
prescribed minimum benefits, Gantsho says.

If you do claim successfully from the RAF, you are obliged to repay your scheme
the medical expenses that you recoup (see "Scheme has the right to cancel
membership if recovered medical expenses not paid over", right).

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

What does the Royal Mail pension transfer mean for scheme members?

BYLINE: Jill Insleyguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 590 words

ABSTRACT

How the government's proposals to take over the Royal Mail Pension Plan will
affect its members ... past, present and future

FULL TEXT

The Royal Mail Pension Plan's enormous deficit, which currently stands at £9bn,
has deterred prospective buyers from making offers for the business. However,
the government plans to take over the scheme, which would enable it to cash in
on the assets and sell the business. But what would this mean for pension scheme
members and taxpayers?

What exactly is the government planning?

The £28bn of assets that belong to to the Royal Mail Pension Plan (RMPP) will be
added to the government's books, enabling the chancellor to cut the annual
deficit and reduce borrowing costs. At the same time it will take over
responsibility for the enormous deficit.

That sounds a bit risky

Actually, for the pensioners it's a very secure source of money in their old
age: they would have a state guarantee of their retirement benefits. Not
surprisingly, the Communication Workers Union has supported the idea of the
pension transfer, but not any privatisation.

Members' benefits built up at the point of transfer will be moved to a new
scheme called the Royal Mail Statutory Pension Scheme. Pension benefits built up
after that date will be accrued in the existing RMPP scheme. On retirement,
members with benefits in both schemes will receive two pension incomes each
month.

What other effects will there be for members?

The government is currently negotiating with unions to change the terms of
public sector pension schemes, including the rate at which benefits build up,
pension age, the rate of increase in the pension income paid, and conversion to
an income based on career average rather than final salary earnings.

Royal Mail stipulates in a letter to scheme members sent out this month that
benefits in its scheme would continue to build up in the same way as before. But
if the Royal Mail scheme is to become a public sector scheme, it would
presumably go through the same process.

Are there disadvantages for the taxpayer?

The government, and therefore the taxpayer, will take over responsibility for
paying out pensions owed by the scheme to its members - those who have already
retired and are now drawing on the scheme, those who have retired and have
deferred their pension, and those who are still contributing.

The Royal Mail scheme is one of the biggest occupational pension schemes. It had
452,000 members in 2008, compared to 420,000 members in the NHS scheme and
345,000 in BT's scheme, according to a survey by Professional Pensions. Its
pension liabilities are collectively worth £37bn, and although it won't show up
as an immediate debt to the government, we will be paying this over the next
20-30 years.

Although the scheme has been closed to new members since April 2008, other than
to employees who were under the age of 18 at that date, existing members can
still pay in new contributions.

But for this plan to be controllable in terms of cost to the taxpayer, the RMPP
scheme would also need to be closed to new contributions from existing members
if and when Royal Mail is privatised. The Treasury is saying privatisation is a
long way off and it is unable to comment on the possible closure of the scheme.

When is this likely to happen?

The Postal Services Act 2011 introduced powers for the government to take over
the liabilities of the RMPP, with changes effective on 31 March 2012. The
government is awaiting permission from the European commission to proceed; its
response is expected imminently.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

LDA to take over private housing schemes for dev

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 108

LENGTH: 182  words


The Lahore Development Authority has started action to take over possession of
mortgaged plots in 21 private housing schemes in the city to initiate delayed
development works.

The LDA will subsequently sell these plots through an open auction for executing
development works as their developers had failed to complete development works
in these colonies despite lapse of specified period given to them for this
purpose.

According to the LDA sources, the LDA has intimated the public and developers of
these schemes to file their respective objections in this regard. It has also
asked them to intimate if they have any transaction of plots in these schemes.
The objections must reach in the office of the Director Metropolitan Planning,
LDA within fifteen days.

These schemes include Abu Zar Housing Scheme, Ahbab Cooperative Housing Scheme
Phase-I, Al- Assar Housing Scheme, Al-Hamra Town Housing Scheme, Bagh-e-Iram
Housing Scheme, Ravians Co-operative Housing Scheme, China Town Housing Scheme,
Fazal Elahi/ Makkah Housing Scheme, Gulshan-e-Jinnah Housing Scheme, Green
Valley Housing scheme.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           WeekendPost (South Africa)

                                August 27, 2011

Medical aid schemes call for change in regulations

BYLINE: Yolande Stander

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 547 words


The cost of insuring the member can far outstrip the contribution which they
make to the scheme
 Yolandé Stander WEEKEND POST REPORTER
 standeryo@avusa.co.za
 IN ORDER for medical aid schemes to survive planned national health insurance
(NHI) the government will have to change current regulations on the industry.


 So say the country's medical aid companies which, while supporting NHI in
theory, remain troubled as to exactly how the move will impact their future.
 Their main concern is government's strict regulations on medical schemes.
 Mark Arnold, principal officer of Resolution Health Medical Scheme, said if
South Africa had to move towards a top-up insurance system - which would include
compulsory NHI contribution, but with some patients opting for additional
private cover - there would be few valid reasons for the state to maintain
current regulations on the medical schemes industry.
 "The current situation guarantees non-discrimination, but keeps costs
unnecessarily high."
  Arnold suggested a major impediment to reducing costs in the private sector
was that there was no room for schemes to fund preventative healthcare from
medical scheme contributions since the current regulatory framework focused on
curative care. "If the end-goal really is a reduction in healthcare costs,
schemes would need to be given the flexibility to reduce their administration
costs.
  "This would mean being able to reinsure their real risk, determine actuarially
based solvency levels and not having to provide curative-focused prescribed
minimum benefits (PMBs)," he said.
 PMBs are a list of conditions with which schemes are currently forced to
comply.
 Arnold said government had put a number of regulations in place to govern the
way medical schemes operated.
  One of these is the enforcement of community enrolment through which anyone
may belong to a medical scheme and persons cannot be excluded based on the risk
which they present.
 "Medical schemes are thus in a position where they are charging fees which are
skewed by the risk of the members.
 "The cost of insuring the member can far outstrip the contribution which they
make to the scheme which inevitably pushes up healthcare costs within the
medical scheme industry."
 Arnold added government also required that all medical schemes offered a
minimum standard of cover to members.
 "These are usually chronic conditions and often include highly expensive and
ongoing treatment."
 He said medical schemes and government were at loggerheads over PMBs
 "Basically medical schemes object to the fact that PMBs are required to be paid
in full regardless of the fee charged by the service provider.
 "An outcome of a court case in this regard is pending. The cost of PMBs have
played a significant role in the escalation of scheme contributions in recent
years."
 Neels Barendrecht, chairperson of Agility Global Health Solutions, said
although few details had been provided on how the NHI would be funded, one
possible scenario was that the current medical scheme environment was likely to
shift dramatically.
 The could possibly be to a more traditional insurance system.
 Katy Caldis, chief executive and principal officer of Fedhealth, said piloting
the NHI was critical "so that one can learn from actual implementation".

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekend


                         Copyright 2011 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 1, 2011 Friday
                                 Second Edition

Forestry schemes face ring-fencing

BYLINE: Fiona Buffini

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 528 words


Operators of forestry schemes and other managed investments would be banned from
using investor money as a slush fund, in a bid to avoid Ponzi-style Â­collapses
and protect investors.

Ring-fencing schemes so the money invested in one project cannot be used to
top-up returns on others is the latest in a string of reforms proposed in the
two years since the collapse of Timbercorp and Great Southern.

The collapses left 60,000 investors, who had sunk $3 billion into forestry
projects, in a messy battle with creditors and receivers.

In addition to controls on scheme funds, the Corporations and Markets Advisory
Committee discussion paper released yesterday includes overhauling company law
to make it easier for investors to get rid of scheme managers, appoint new ones
and wind projects up.

"One of the principal obstacles in practice to restructuring a financially
stressed [scheme] can be the difficulty in stabilising its affairs, at least
temporarily, while the likelihood of its rehabilitation can be determined," the
paper says.

Christine Brown, professor of finance at Monash University, said ring-fencing
funds should be strongly supported.

"Investors have a right when they invest in a scheme that the monies they have
applied are being used to generate returns for them rather than being
transferred to other investors, which can become like a pyramid scheme," she
said.

"You do need legal boundaries around schemes so investors are not having their
wealth transferred to prop up schemes that aren't viable."

Managed investments pool investors' money which, in the case of forestry schemes
, is then invested in timber plantations. These agribusiness schemes promise
investors large upfront tax deductions but may not pay returns for up to 10
years and often expose investors to all the agricultural risk with no recourse
to the land if things go wrong. In the past, poor timber harvests led some
schemes to top up the returns of investors in early forestry projects.

This year, agricultural companies expect to raise less than $100 million via the
tax-effective schemes, down from about $1.2 billion at the height of the boom in
2008.

Tax deductions for timber schemes continue but with some tighter rules. The Tax
Office has issued 14 rulings on tax-deferral products that closed on June 30
including for timber, pearls and almonds.

Some of the schemes are still paying commissions of up to 12 per cent,
calculated on the value of their upfront investment, to the financial planners
and accountants who sell them.

The federal government's ban on Â­commissions paid to financial planners does
not start until July 2012.

The products may also still include full-Â­recourse loans, which caught out many
investors in the failed schemes.

The Australian Securities and Investments Commission issued a consultation paper
to lift disclosure on the schemes in April 2010, but is still consulting with
industry and expects to release a regulatory guide in the next quarter.

KEY POINTS Forestry schemes pool investors' money, which is then invested in
timber plantations. Reforms will enclose such schemes so money invested in a
project cannot be used to top-up returns on others.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

Over Rs4 billion allocated for 'pro-poor' schemes

LENGTH: 597  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has allocated Rs4.500 billion for different
pro-poor schemes, to be executed in financial year 2011-12.  According to budget
document, `Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Hunermand Rozgar Scheme` is being initiated with
an allocation of Rs1,300 million to provide employment opportunities to skilled
youth and reduce poverty and promote income generating activities in the
province.  Under this scheme loan in the range of Rs50,000 to Rs300,000 will be
granted to diploma/certificate holders from vocational or skill development
centres at five per cent markup.  A sum of Rs500 million has been earmarked for
`Public Private Partnership Scheme` under which the government will pay fee of
all students of 9th and 10th classes in two union councils of each district to
private party for continuation of education where there is no public sector high
school.

Stori Da Pakhtunkhwa Scheme or stars of Pakhtunkhwa scheme is being introduced
to motivate and encourage talented students for which Rs50 million have been
allocated. The objective of this scheme is to improve quality of education and
foster spirit of competition among students.  Under this scheme, the top ten
position holders in matric and intermediate examinations from each education
board will be granted Rs10,000 and Rs15,000 stipends respectively for a period
of two years.  An amount of Rs500 million has been earmarked for the `BSc and
MSc Nursing Scheme` to improve quality of service delivery in hospitals and
efficiency of nursing staff. In this regard, the facilities available with
Khyber Medical University and Agha Khan Medical University will be availed.  The
government has also allocated Rs500 million for `Pakhtunkhwa Morusi Hunermand
Scheme` for supporting artisans. Under this scheme, architecture, music, tiles
work, inscription and jewellery etc will be promoted.  Under the Bacha Khan
Khpal Rozgar Scheme, being launched for generating employment and interest-free
micro financing of Rs20,000 to Rs1000,000 through The Bank of Khyber, 30 per
cent is reserved for women. The BoK has already launched the scheme and
applications have been received. For the purpose Rs1 billion have already been
provided during 2010-11 and an additional sum of Rs1 billion has been in the
current budget.  The government has allocated Rs300 million for `Provincial
Youth Technical Education Support`, under which diploma and certificate level
technical training is being imparted to 1,500 students in various
market-oriented technologies in the institutes of the province and Punjab. The
scheme will continue for three years.  An amount of Rs200 million has been
earmarked for `Establishment of Call Centres.` Under this scheme the potential
investors and multinationals will be offered attractive incentives to establish
call centres in the province.  For `Benezir Health Support Programme-Treatment
of Patients of Hepatitis-C`, the government has allocated Rs500 million. The
programme is aimed at providing free treatment to poor patients suffering from
hepatitis-c.  In the budget allocations have also made for two social welfare
schemes, which were initiated by the former MMA government. The first scheme is
`Stipends to Unemployed Postgraduates` for which Rs39.6 million have been
allocated.  The second scheme is `Subsistence Allowance to Senior Citizens`, for
which Rs10 million have been earmarked. This scheme has been launched in three
districts -- Shangla, Battagram and Kohistan -- where government has initiated
monthly stipend scheme at a rate of Rs500 per month for senior citizens.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Let professionals help you choose the perfect medical aid scheme

BYLINE:  JOSEPH BOOYSEN Consumer Reporter

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 503 words


IT is important for consumers to get the advice of a qualified and accredited
health care broker when choosing the various medical schemes on offer in South
Africa, says the Financial Intermediaries Association of South Africa (FIA).

This advice comes from Linza van Aswegen, the FIA's director and health care
executive chairwoman.

"Choosing the right scheme can prove to be quite a minefield, so it is vital
consumers take the time to speak to a broker, as they can explain any potential
risks as well as analysing the client's lifestyle to ascertain what scheme would
be most suitable," says Van Aswegen.

She says that the liquidation of a number of high-profile medical schemes in
South Africa has highlighted how important it is for consumers to make a very
careful choice when selecting which medical scheme to join.

"While members of insolvent schemes are sometimes given the option to transfer
to new schemes, this is not always the case.

"It is vital to engage the services of a specialist health-care broker as some
consumers may either be subject to a three-month waiting period or in some cases
condition-specific exclusions from the new medical aid scheme.

"If the customer already suffers from a Non-Prescribed Minimum Benefit chronic
condition, it is crucial to establish which schemes and options will pay for the
specific chronic medicine used by the member. As a result, members should not
join a new scheme without confirming whether they will provide the specific
medicine," says Van Aswegen.

She says it is also important to look at the current profile of the medical
scheme when choosing which one to join. Important information includes the
number of members a scheme has, the members' average age and the number of
pensioners who are members.

"All of these factors can affect the long-term sustainability of a scheme. For
example, if the age profile and pensioner ratios are significantly higher than
other schemes, then one could be at risk of higher than average premium
increases."

Once a consumer has identified the right scheme, it is also important to
determine which option of the scheme best suits one's needs, she says.
"Consumers should take care not to make wrong option selections as changing
these options might only be allowed once per annum, especially if you want to
upgrade to a more comprehensive option.

"The broker can also assist with annually reviewing the scheme and option as the
needs of the member changes," says Van Aswegen.

She says that medical scheme terminology, codes, rules, legislation and
constantly changing benefits can be confusing to members, so if one has any
concerns one should raise them with one's health-care broker who can either
explain what it means or investigate any changes on the member's behalf.

"A person's health is the most important asset they have and not taking the time
to choose the right scheme now can lead to significant misunderstandings over
the benefits available and have a devastating impact financially when it does
become time to claim."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Let professionals help you choose the perfect medical aid scheme

BYLINE:  JOSEPH BOOYSEN Consumer Reporter

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 503 words


IT is important for consumers to get the advice of a qualified and accredited
health care broker when choosing the various medical schemes on offer in South
Africa, says the Financial Intermediaries Association of South Africa (FIA).

This advice comes from Linza van Aswegen, the FIA's director and health care
executive chairwoman.

"Choosing the right scheme can prove to be quite a minefield, so it is vital
consumers take the time to speak to a broker, as they can explain any potential
risks as well as analysing the client's lifestyle to ascertain what scheme would
be most suitable," says Van Aswegen.

She says that the liquidation of a number of high-profile medical schemes in
South Africa has highlighted how important it is for consumers to make a very
careful choice when selecting which medical scheme to join.

"While members of insolvent schemes are sometimes given the option to transfer
to new schemes, this is not always the case.

"It is vital to engage the services of a specialist health-care broker as some
consumers may either be subject to a three-month waiting period or in some cases
condition-specific exclusions from the new medical aid scheme.

"If the customer already suffers from a Non-Prescribed Minimum Benefit chronic
condition, it is crucial to establish which schemes and options will pay for the
specific chronic medicine used by the member. As a result, members should not
join a new scheme without confirming whether they will provide the specific
medicine," says Van Aswegen.

She says it is also important to look at the current profile of the medical
scheme when choosing which one to join. Important information includes the
number of members a scheme has, the members' average age and the number of
pensioners who are members.

"All of these factors can affect the long-term sustainability of a scheme. For
example, if the age profile and pensioner ratios are significantly higher than
other schemes, then one could be at risk of higher than average premium
increases."

Once a consumer has identified the right scheme, it is also important to
determine which option of the scheme best suits one's needs, she says.
"Consumers should take care not to make wrong option selections as changing
these options might only be allowed once per annum, especially if you want to
upgrade to a more comprehensive option.

"The broker can also assist with annually reviewing the scheme and option as the
needs of the member changes," says Van Aswegen.

She says that medical scheme terminology, codes, rules, legislation and
constantly changing benefits can be confusing to members, so if one has any
concerns one should raise them with one's health-care broker who can either
explain what it means or investigate any changes on the member's behalf.

"A person's health is the most important asset they have and not taking the time
to choose the right scheme now can lead to significant misunderstandings over
the benefits available and have a devastating impact financially when it does
become time to claim."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 04, 2010 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 431 words


Other findings in the Council for Medical Schemes's annual report for 2009 are:

u Both open and restricted medical schemes still had average reserves above 25
percent, the limit required by law. In open schemes, the average solvency ratio
was down, from 29.8 percent in 2008 to 27.4 percent last year. Restricted
schemes had a decrease in their solvency ratios, from 49.8 percent in 2008 to
42.5 percent last year.

The large reduction in reserves in restricted schemes was a result of the
increase in membership of the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems). The
scheme was in its third year in 2009 and should have attained a solvency level
of 17.5 percent. However, schemes that are growing rapidly have difficulty
achieving the required solvency level. Gems had a 41-percent increase in its
membership and ended 2009 with a solvency ratio of 11.1 percent (lower than its
2008 level of 12.9 percent).

The council placed 22|medical schemes, including|16 open schemes, that at
the|end of last year did not have the legally required reserves under financial
monitoring.

u Reserves grew by 3.5 percent to R27.9 billion last year (R27.1 billion in
2008).

u The claims-paying ability of schemes, as measured by the number of months'
claims that schemes on average held in cash in 2009, decreased from|5.1 months
in 2008 to 4.4 months by December last year.

u The claims ratio (the portion of your contributions paid as medical claims)
increased to an average of 89.3 percent in 2009. The average claims ratio
reached a low of 78.6 percent in 2004, when many schemes were still building up
reserves, but it has been climbing steadily since then.

u Administration costs rose by 11.2 percent, from R6.8 billion in 2008 to R7.5
billion in 2009.

u Seventeen of the 33 open schemes (52 percent) and 26 out of the 77 restricted
schemes (34 percent) made deficits after adding their investment income to their
operating results last year.

u Membership rose last year, and schemes now cover 8.06 million people, up from
the 7.87 million people covered in 2008. Over the past 10 years, schemes have
shown an increase of 20.9 percent in the number of lives covered - 6.7 million
lives were covered in 2000. Restricted schemes have shown the largest growth,
from 2.1 million lives in 2000 to 3.3 million in 2009, as a result of Gems,
which opened in 2006 and at the end of 2009 covered 1.1 million lives.

u The average age of scheme members and their dependants increased slightly last
year, from 31.5 years to 31.6 years, but Gems has reversed the trend that
typically saw older members in restricted schemes.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

State aid: Commission clears extension of bank support measures in The
Netherlands, Slovenia, Greece and Poland.

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, July 01 -- European Commission has issued following press release:

The European Commission has extended its authorisation under EU state aid rules
until 31 December 2010 of the Dutch and Slovenian bank guarantee schemes and the
Greek and Polish bank support measures. The extended schemes require the banks
to pay higher premiums for the guarantees granted by the State. This is to
encourage banks to finance themselves without state support and to limit
distortions of competition. The vast majority of the bank support schemes put in
place in 2008 and 2009 to ensure financial stability expire this month. In
agreement with EU Finance Ministers, the extension of guarantee schemes is
subject to higher fees paid to the government and, for banks that continue to
rely heavily on those guarantees, to a viability review. The Commission has
already extended under these conditions its authorisation of bank guarantee
schemes in Sweden, Germany, Austria, Latvia, Ireland, Spain and Denmark. The
extensions are for six months, until the end of 2010.

Dutch Guarantee Scheme

The Commission has authorised the extension of the Dutch Guarantee Scheme until
31 December 2010. The scheme was initially approved on 30 October 2008 (see
IP/08/1610) and amended on 7 July 2009 (see MEX/09/0707) and 17 December 2010
(see MEX/09/1217).

The Commission considers the scheme to be in line with its guidance on state aid
to banks during the crisis (see IP/08/1945) and the recent adjustment of the
rules for State guarantees, endorsed by the conclusions of the 18 May 2010 EU
Council of Economic and Financial Affairs Ministers on the phasing out of
support measures for the financial sector.

The extended guarantee scheme is well targeted, proportionate and limited in
time and scope. It also includes higher premiums for state guarantees, thereby
incentivising banks to refinance themselves on the markets without state support
and limiting undue distortions of competition. The Commission has therefore
concluded that the extended measures are compatible with Article 107(3)(b) of
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), that allows aid to
remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State.

Slovenian guarantee scheme

The Commission has authorised the extension until 31 December 2010 of the
Slovenian guarantee scheme for credit institutions. The scheme was initially
approved on 12 December 2008 (see IP/08/1964) and extended on 22 June 2009 (see
MEX/09/0622) and 17 December 2009 (see MEX/09/1217).

Like the Dutch scheme, the Slovenian scheme is well targeted, proportionate,
limited in time and scope and includes higher premiums for the fee paid to the
government.

Greek support package for credit institutions

The Commission has also authorised the extension until 31 December 2010 of the
Greek support package for credit institutions. The support measures consist of a
recapitalisation scheme, a guarantee scheme and a bond loan scheme, initially
approved on 19 November 2008 (see IP/08/1742) and extended on 18 September 2009
(see MEX/09/0918) and 25 January 2010 (see MEX/10/0125).

Polish support scheme for financial institutions

Finally, the Commission has authorised the extension until 31 December 2010 of
the Polish bank support scheme for financial institutions. This scheme foresees
two categories of support measures, State Treasury guarantees for the issuance
of new senior debt by banks and liquidity support measures in the form of
Treasury bonds, either as a loan or to be sold with deferred payment. The scheme
was initially approved on 25 September 2009 (see IP/09/1360) and extended on 9
February 2010 (see MEX/10/0209).

Like the Greek schemes, the extended measures are well targeted, proportionate
and limited in time and scope and the extended guarantee includes higher
premiums.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 05, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Medical schemes regulator seeks advice on 'clear as mud' court ruling

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1095 words


The Registrar of Medical Schemes is taking legal advice on how to respond to a
recent Supreme Court of Appeal ruling that blocked his attempt to close down the
medical gap cover products of a short- term insurer.

Patrick Masobe, the registrar, described the ruling as being " as clear as mud"
and said he would decide by the end of next week what to do about the ruling
that could potentially have huge implications for health care cover in the
country.

In 2006, two years after a demarcation agreement between the registrar's office
and life assurance industry put an end to life products that the registrar
believed were undermining medical schemes, the same problems with short-term
insurance products had not been resolved. As a result, Masobe applied to the
Johannesburg High Court for an interdict preventing Alexander Forbes subsidiary
Guardrisk Insurance from selling its AdmedGap and AdmedPulse policies.

About 130 000 policyholders enjoy cover under these policies, which offer cover
for the difference between your medical bills and what your medical scheme pays
out.

Typically, policyholders join cheaper medical scheme options offering cover at
National Health Reference Price List (NHRPL) rates (previously known as medical
scheme rates) and then take out gap cover to top up this cover to up to three
times NHRPL rates - the rate at which many specialists and some hospitals charge
for private healthcare.

The registrar has argued that these policies undermine medical scheme cover
because they "cherry pick"those who are healthy and are able to get the
insurance cover cheaply, leaving older, sicker people in the more comprehensive
medical scheme options without the necessary subsidisation from younger,
healthier members within their particular option.

In December 2006, the High Court found in favour of the registrar and ordered
Guardrisk to close its products within three months. Had it stood, the judgment
could have had implications for other short-term insurers selling health
policies, including hospital cash plans.

But Guardrisk applied to the Supreme Court for leave to appeal and the case was
heard last month. The recently released judgment dismisses the High Court order.

The registrar's only remaining legal course of action is to appeal to the
Constitutional Court - a route he followed without success in a separate case on
an issue over the rules of Genesis Medical Scheme.

The only other way the registrar could prevent a possible proliferation of gap
cover products following the Supreme Court ruling would be to recommend that the
Medical Schemes Act definition of the business of a medical scheme be amended.

three clauses

The registrar's initial application for an interdict against Guardrisk was on
the grounds that the insurer's products fell within the Act's definition of the
business of a medical scheme and the products were not registered as medical
schemes and fell foul of other provisions of the Act.

But Guardrisk argued that there were three clauses in the definition in the Act
and that its products needed to comply with all of these in order to be regarded
as doing the business of a medical scheme.

The three clauses relate to:

a) Providing for members to obtain healthcare services;

b) Assisting members to defray the cost of a healthcare service; and

c) Rendering a health service, either by the medical scheme itself, or by a
supplier or suppliers with whom the medical scheme has contracted.

The High Court disagreed with Guardrisk, finding that because its policies
defrayed expenditure incurred in connection with the rendering of any health
service, it was doing the business of a medical scheme.

But the Supreme Court of Appeal, in a ruling by five consenting judges, says an
entity does the business of a medical scheme if it does the activities described
in a) and b) and, where applicable, c).

The Supreme Court dismissed the registrar's arguments that an interpretation of
the business of a scheme in this way would undermine the purpose and aim of the
Medical Schemes Act. It said there was no evidence of this on an analysis of the
cost and benefits of Guardrisk's products compared to medical scheme membership
and the constitution prevented Guardrisk from discriminating against potential
policyholders on the grounds of, among others, age and disability.

The Appeal Court then states that "practical reality has shown that there exists
a need for this type of insurance and there seems to be no reason why it should
not be permitted". It did not elaborate on this point, but concluded that as a
result, it says, the appeal must succeed.

clarity on gap cover issue?

Masobe says it is not clear from the judgment on what grounds the Guardrisk
products regarded as okay, and where the boundary lies between these and other
products. The final decision cannot be determined rationally from the reasoning,
leaving regulatory uncertainty, he says.

Herman Schoeman, Guardrisk's managing director, says the ruling clarifies what
the short-term insurance industry has always argued and will put policyholders'
minds at ease about their cover.

Schoeman says insurers need to act responsibly and Guardrisk has no desire to
compete with medical schemes, but its products enable policyholders to protect
themselves against financial hardship.

He says one of the Guardrisk policies recently paid out R58 000 to a woman who,
despite being a medical scheme member, was not fully covered for a heart bypass.

The issue of topping up medical scheme cover with gap cover products is
increasingly important in light of the above-inflation increases in medical
scheme cover and the costs of medical services.

In addition, the high cost of medical scheme membership is driving consumers to
take out other cheaper insurance products such as hospital cash plans - often in
place of medical scheme cover. However, you should be very careful about taking
out short-term insurance cover in place of medical scheme membership because
short-term insurance products are renewable and can be cancelled by your
insurer.

Standard Bank recently informed a pensioner couple that their health policy was
no longer viable and gave them 30 days' notice of the termination of their
cover.

The couple were offered R1 000 as compensation. However, should they attempt to
get medical scheme cover at ages 64 and 67 and with one of them being diabetic,
they are likely to face late-joiner penalties- possibly as high as three
quarters of their contributions - as well as waiting periods, including a
12-month waiting period for the treatment of the pensioner's diabetes.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 March 26, 2005

Royal Bank praised by union for pension commitment

BYLINE: KARL WEST

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 652 words



HIGHLIGHT: POLISHED IMAGE: Amicus, the white collar union, claims that Royal
Bank's continued support for its final salary scheme differentiates it from
competitors. Picture: Ian Hossack


AMICUS, the white collar trade union, last night praised Royal Bank of Scotland
for reaffirming its commitment to keeping its non-contributory final salary
pension scheme open, and for continued funding of the scheme.

As recently reported in The Herald, Royal last year made a pounds-750m one-off
payment into the scheme and raised its contribution rate from 6.8-per cent of
pensionable salary to 21.5-per cent following its latest triennial review of the
scheme.

Under accounting standard FRS17, the scheme had a gross deficit of pounds-2.85bn
at the end of 2004, compared with pounds-1.97bn a year earlier.

However, while many companies have long since closed their costly final salary
schemes, Royal remains committed to upholding its end of what its chairman, Sir
George Mathewson, once termed the "emotional contract"with staff to maintain the
scheme.

Rob MacGregor, the Amicus national secretary for Royal Bank of Scotland Group,
said:

"It's very hard to find a comparable organisation that not only keeps its scheme
open but continues to fund it. We are not backwards in coming forwards in
praising this significant commitment.

"It does set the bank apart from its main competitors. In a competitive labour
market, to have something that differentiates (Royal) is a huge advantage to
them."

Bank of Scotland, which merged with the Halifax in 2001 to form HBOS, closed its
final salary scheme in 2002.

The scheme's closure brought it into line with the Halifax.

The HBOS company pension saw the gross deficit in all its group schemes increase
in 2004 from pounds-1.49bn to pounds-1.69bn.

Clydesdale also closed its non-contributory final salary pension scheme to new
members in January 2004 as it struggled with the huge costs involved in
continuing to fund it.

The banking union, then known as Unifi, estimated that staff joining
Clydesdale's new defined contribution, or money purchase, scheme would have to
pay out up to 10-per cent of their annual salary to gain the same pension rights
as members of the existing non-contributory final salary scheme.

Under a money purchase scheme, both the company and employee make contributions
to a fund that will make up that employee's pension when they retire. Unlike in
a final salary scheme, which sets out clear levels of pension from the start -
usually two-thirds of final salary, members of a money purchase scheme have
little certainty about their eventual level of retirement income.

Clydesdale had a gross deficit of pounds-213m on its scheme at September 30,
2004, up from pounds-212m a year earlier.

Headhunters and recruitment consultants generally concluded that although
Royal's scheme is expensive to fund, the bank probably benefits when it comes to
retaining and attracting the right staff.

Karen Scott, a director at Hudson Executive in Edinburgh, said: "Final salary
schemes are seen to be a good retainer of employees."

As for attracting potential new recruits, she said it would depend on how long
the person envisaged staying at a company. For example, the more mobile
executive might want to agree an additional amount in salary that could be paid
into an equivalent fund.

However, she added: "It's certainly more of an attraction than not."

Douglas McAllister, a recruitment consultant in the financial services division
of Anderson Knight in Glasgow, said that any mention of a final salary scheme in
a job advert would usually attract higher levels of interest than adverts
without.

However, Douglas Kinnaird, director at MacDonald Kinnaird in Glasgow, was not
wholly convinced. He said noncontributory pension schemes tended to be valued at
varying levels. Younger and more junior people do not see it as important, and
high-fliers view it as less important than gains from promotions, and bonus and
options growth. He added: "However, as in all these benefits, longer-term
employees recognise the value if it does not exist at an alternative employer."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2005 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              885 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Sunday Herald

                               December 21, 2003

Family tied;Scottish employees are fairing well, according to The Sunday Herald
Pensions and Benefits Survey 2003 but, asks Ian Fraser, what does the future
hold?

BYLINE: Ian Fraser

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1963 words


PENSION funds are collapsing at an alarming rate, with the latest Scottish
scheme at risk being that of engineering firm Motherwell Bridge. Other high
-profile examples where hundreds of pensioners have been left high and dry as
their companies went bust include United Engineering Forgings and Blyth & Blyth.
The exact amount of money lost, and by how many people, remains anyone's guess.

But such headline-grabbing, neo-Maxwellian collapses probably give a distorted
picture of the Scottish pensions landscape.

According to an exclusive Sunday Herald survey of pensions and benefits offered
by companies to employees, Scotland's largest employers are in fact far more
generous to their staff - at least where pensions are concerned - than their
counterparts south of the Border.

The survey found that 80% of Scotland's largest companies continue to run final
salary or defined benefit schemes, and continue to make these available to new
recruits, whereas just 40% of the UK's largest businesses do (according to a
separate survey by Mercer Human Resources Consulting).

Overall 40% of Scottish businesses were revealed to be still offering a final
salary pension to new recruits, which is also a greater proportion than for the
UK as a whole.

But when it comes to medium-sized Scots businesses that figure shrinks to just
24% - despite the fact that the final salary scheme - where a greater proportion
of the costs and risks are borne by the employer - remains most employees'
pension of choice.

The findings, which are based on a survey of Scottish business carried out in
November, also reveal that Scotland's larger firms and public sector bodies are
much more likely to offer final salary schemes to new recruits than other
organisations.

No firm with fewer than 100 employees offered a final salary scheme to new
joiners, but as many as 80% of organisations employing more than 5000 people are
still offering this type of scheme to new recruits.

All the public sector respondents to the Sunday Herald's Pensions and Benefits
Survey 2003 are offering final salary schemes to new recruits. This high
preponderance of defined benefit schemes among large Scottish employers comes
despite the fact that such schemes will have had to bear the brunt of increased
employer contributions to keep their funds afloat.

According to actuaries Lane Clark & Peacock, the funding gap in the pension
schemes of FTSE100 companies had grown to (pounds) 55 billion by July 2003, up
from (pounds) 25bn in the same month of 2002.

Market recovery since then will have gone some way towards easing the pain, but
the gap will remain very wide unless the FTSE100 index rises above 5000. Half of
the organisations offering such schemes declared that they have needed to boost
employer contributions in the last six months (57% of those who answered the
question, but only one-quarter of firms with in excess of 5000 staff).

The value of the increases ranged from 1% to 24.1% of payroll, though the most
common increase was equivalent to 5%.

One pharmaceutical firm with 1000-5000 staff revealed it recently had to jack up
contributions to its final salary scheme by 14.2% of payroll, although
contributions previously stood at 0% because it had been on what is termed a
contributions holiday. Many blue chip companies were able to take such holidays
during the bull market of the late 1990s as equities (the major component of
occupational schemes) were surging in value by 15-20% per year.

One large financial services company with more than 5000 staff said it was
having to increase contributions into its final salary scheme from 5.5% of
payroll to 12%. These are significant increases when the size and expense of a
5000-plus workforce is taken into account. But there is a subtext of under-the
-surface re-engineering of such schemes - for example by slowing down the pace
at which benefits are accrued - to ensure that such schemes keep their heads,
vaguely, above water.

Martin Smith, chief executive of Close Wealth Management, said: "The average
company contribution level for a defined benefit scheme is 14.8% of salary,
compared with 7.4% for a defined contribution plan."

Therefore it is no surprise that defined contributions or money purchase schemes
are becoming more popular among employers.

The Sunday Herald's findings confirmed that the tendency to wind down final
salary schemes is accelerating. Reasons given for such schemes becoming
unsustainable include the effects of falling equities returns, falling interest
rates, declining bond yields at the same time as soaring liabilities as life
expectancy increases. Tax increases of (pounds) 5bn a year, imposed by
Chancellor Gordon Brown in 1997 have only exacerbated the problem.

The survey revealed that the number of firms that have closed final salary
schemes to new recruits within the past two years is equal to the number doing
so in the preceding six.

Interestingly, however, the accounting standard FRS17 was not cited as a factor
in the decision to close defined benefit schemes by eight out of 10 respondents,
even though the average FRS17 deficit in our survey stood at (pounds) 85m.

More than half of the firms that have closed final salary schemes to new
recruits said they continue to offer them to existing members, a proportion
which rises to 71% for those who closed the scheme since 1995.

Closing to new members may be an attractive option on the surface, but Steve
Patterson, managing director of Glasgow-based Intelligent Pensions, warns it can
backfire. He said: ''When you close a final salary scheme to new, younger
members, the average age of the members in the scheme starts to rise.

"Since the fund's liabilities increase with the rising age of its membership,
this can actually exacerbate the issue of a funding deficit."

Nonetheless there are very few industry commentators who believe that final
salary schemes will survive long-term. Eric Lambert, head of performance
measurement at WM Company, now part of US giant State Street, believes that in
10 years time the only final salary schemes remaining will be the behemoths of
the public sector.

Tim Keogh, European partner at Mercer, said: "Undeniably, there has been a huge
shift in the nature of pension provision in recent years. But it would be an
over-simplification to say that final salary schemes are dying out.

"A striking development in recent months is the number of employers re
-committing to final salary schemes, but replacing costs. Many companies are
changing the cost structure of their schemes, such as increasing employee
contributions or adjusting the rate at which benefits can be built up."

Perhaps unsurprisingly, money purchase or defined contribution pension schemes -
in which the employee bears a greater share of the risk and where final benefits
are dictated by actual investment returns - are offered by 62% of respondents to
the survey.

Even large firms that have retained their final salary schemes provide this as
an option. According to the survey, as many as 17% of businesses offer both
types of scheme. And around three-quarters of firms which do not provide final
salary schemes do offer money purchase schemes. But one-in-10 Scottish
businesses have neither type of pension scheme available to their employees.

These firms were universally putting forward a named provider of stakeholder
pensions - which is just as well given that they have been required to do so by
law since October 2001. Overall 55% of respondents have nominated a stakeholder
provider, including seven-out-of-10 SMEs.

The most popular named providers were Norwich Union (26%), Standard Life (22%),
Scottish Life (9%), Friends Provident (4%) and Axa (4%). However those firms
that have put forward a named provider have almost universally found that very
few staff have taken much of an interest, confirming that stakeholder has been
holed below the water as a means to persuade the lower paid to save for their
retirements.

Of the 23 respondents with named providers, just seven have seen any employees
take out a pension and only one SME.

One distribution firm with 500-1000 staff that has recommended Edinburgh-based
Standard Life as its preferred stakeholder provider said that just one person
had taken out a policy.

And an Edinburgh financial services business with 1000-5000 staff recommends a
supplier, but said not one member of staff had taken out a policy. The total
combined stated uptake was 43 members of staff - or less than two per firm.

Only 10% of respondents are currently offering a mortgage subsidy, and the
majority of these are large firms employing more than 1000 staff. Of respondents
that do not now offer a mortgage subsidy, only 6% had done so previously.

In terms of perception of benefits, childcare was rated highest of all benefits,
with a full rating of five out of five - on a scale where one equals "not at all
popular" and five is "extremely popular". However, bizarrely, childcare has the
lowest provision partly because of the penal costs of insurance cover should a
nursery share premises with a business.

Gordon Brown's pre-Budget promise to enable medium-sized firms to offer their
workforce up to (pounds) 50 a week free of tax to help with the cost of
childcare should go some way towards enabling firms to be more generous on this
score.

The (pounds) 50 would not be treated as a benefit in kind, so employees can use
the full amount without incurring either income tax or National Insurance. The
employer would not pay employer National Insurance tax on the money.

In terms of the appreciation of benefits, final salary pension schemes came a
close second to childcare, with an average 4.8 to 5, far above the money
purchase pension which was rated only 3.5.

Profit share schemes and annual bonuses were also popular, although the latter
was much more commonly offered.

A company car or car allowance was surprisingly poorly rated, (3.6), given the
frequency with which it is offered, ranking half-way down the list. The other
most frequently offered benefit - private medical insurance - was also poorly
rated by staff (3.5).

The discrepancy between the benefits offered - for example the company car - and
those which are actually valued by employees - such as childcare - was marked.
It could reflect that the choices made by male-dominated management teams are
out of kilter with the needs of an increasingly gender-balanced workforce. The
least highly-rated benefits were incentive travel, sports facilities and the
staff canteen.

Only one-in-10 respondents currently offer flexible benefits policies, which
enable employees to tailor their own benefits package to meet their personal
needs.

Surprisingly given these are supposed to be the next big thing in human
resources management, 70% of firms that do not currently offer a flexible
benefits policy have any intention of doing so.

This is surprising given that the DTI is in a position to offer substantial
grants to firms looking to offer flexible policies. Broxburn-whisky firm
Glenmorangie recently introduced a flexible working hours project coupled with a
system of flexible benefits, for which it received a DTI grant of (pounds)
50,000 out of the total project cost of (pounds) 115,000.

The Sunday Herald polled around 500 Scottish businesses and public sector
organisations, ranging from SMEs to large multinationals. We received a total of
43 completed questionnaires from businesses in a range of sectors across
manufacturing, the public sector and services. The survey is best seen as
providing a "snapshot'' of current business practice. Research analysis by
Jennifer Birks

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: The next generation of workers will be burdened by the need to
financially support pensioners Photograph: Corbis.  Company schemes pie charts
not available on database.

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2003 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              886 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            June 28, 2003, Saturday

PERSONAL FINANCE: FINAL-SALARY PENSION: WORKER WHO PAID A HEAVY PENALTY FOR
LOYALTY

BYLINE: CHRISTINE STOPP Andrew Parr, who lost most of his pension, at home on
Sheppey Darryl Finch

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1014 words


A YEAR ago, Andrew Parr, 58, was a process control engineer at the Sheerness
factory of the steel company ASW. He was well paid and, though he did not expect
an enormous pension, he thought he and his wife, Alison, would be comfortable in
retirement.

Then ASW went into receivership. Mr Parr still thought the situation would not
be disastrous. With 22 years in his company pension scheme - membership was
compulsory when he joined - he thought he might have to retire a year or two
early, with a slight loss of benefits.

"The full horror became apparent after a couple of weeks," he said. The ASW
scheme was in deficit when it was wound up, and, because rules insist existing
pensioners take priority over those who have not yet retired, Mr Parr found he
would get only 35 per cent of his expected pension, perhaps pounds 5,000 a year
instead of pounds 15,000. He has lost the equivalent of a fund of more than
pounds 250,000.

Mr Parr has found another job at a lower salary, a substantial amount of which
is spent on travel to and from work. He and his wife find it hard to pay for big
expenses such as a major repair to the central-heating boiler, and they have no
money to spare these days for pension contributions to improve their situation
in retirement. The Parrs agree with Sheila McKechnie, director of the Consumers'
Association, who said people no longer know who to trust on pensions, whether it
is the Government with its much-criticised state second pension, employers
closing final-salary schemes or the shrinking bonuses in personal pension
schemes.

A growing spare-time occupation for Mr Parr now is running the pensions website
www.pensionstheft.org, which started to help ASW scheme members and is now a
focus for the thousands of final-salary scheme members in a similar situation to
Mr Parr. The site lists more than 60 companies affected by pension wind-ups, and
calculates that as many as 40,000 people may have lost some - or, in a few
cases, all - their pension rights.

This nightmare is not designed to encourage anyone to join a final-salary
scheme. "Final-salary pension schemes are unworkable, but they're still great
for workers who can get them," Graham Duckett, pensions specialist at IFA the
Millfield Partnership, says.

National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF) research shows that anyone starting
a job today would be lucky to get into a final-salary scheme. A survey last
month concluded that only 19 per cent of employers now offer one. So if you do
get the chance to opt in to one, should you take it? "I would bite their hand
off," Mr Duckett says. "Get in without hesitation." He says the changes
announced by the Government on 11 June remove a major problem: solvent employers
cannot now wind up a scheme leaving members with a reduction in future benefits;
they must give contributing members, as well as pensioners, a full transfer
value, as promised by the scheme rules. And an insurance scheme is proposed
which should protect members whose scheme is wound up because the company
becomes insolvent.

But Ronnie Lymburn of the Annuity Bureau says: "If you join a company as a
normal employee, rather than as a senior executive, and have no job security,
joining a final salary scheme is not necessarily clever. With a money purchase
scheme what you will get, at least, is explicit and you can't lose it in a
wind-up."

You can get an idea of the state of your scheme if you look at it from a
non-trusting, even cynical, point of view. The better the terms it offers, the
more likely it is to be in difficulties. Does it have a low retirement age or
offer better-than-average benefits? Both will make it more costly to maintain.
The more the fund has in equities the more it will have suffered from recent
poor stock markets. So joining a final-salary scheme will be a leap of faith
from here on in. "If your employer is still offering a scheme, you have to hope
he has done his due diligence and the funding is OK," Mr Duckett says. You will
have to make assumptions of your own about how likely the company is to go bust
or to be taken over.

The closure of a final-salary scheme (rather than one that is wound up) by an
employer who continues to trade is not necessarily a problem. In these
circumstances the scheme may be available to existing members, or a good
transfer value into a company money-purchase scheme may be offered. In practice,
the employer's contributions to your pension under a final- salary scheme, and
the promised benefits, could prove very valuable.

You are unlikely to find a financial adviser who will say, "This scheme won't
last". Few are specialists in corporate pensions, and those who are tread
carefully. After the pensions mis-selling scandal of the late 1980s there is an
unspoken understanding among advisers not to advise anyone against joining a
final-salary scheme.

The Government is still positive about company schemes. "Most members of an
occupational pension scheme will be better off when they retire than they would
be if they had not joined it ... occupational pensions are usually a very good
deal," says its booklet A guide to your options, available at
www.thepensionservice.gov.uk). There are a few thousand former scheme members
with whom that statement will ring very hollow indeed.

CHECKLIST

PERSONAL PENSIONS

vGo to an adviser regulated by the Financial Services Authority. You will have a
guarantee of competence and someone to complain to if things go wrong.

vCheck charges. These can change during the life of the policy, but a
low-charging provider is likely to stay that way.

vCheck performance. Money Management magazine runs tables every month. It is a
limited guide.

vSpread risk. You don't have to put all your savings into a pension. Start an
Isa and a stakeholder pension.

OCCUPATIONAL SCHEMES

vCheck the solvency of the scheme, the employer and their commitment to the
scheme. All three are difficult to assess.

vWith a money purchase scheme what you get is explicit and you can't lose it in
a wind-up

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Independent Print Ltd


                              887 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            Express & Echo (Exeter)

                               September 9, 2002

New flood defenc scheme may spell yet more misery

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 406 words


By STEVE BLAAKMAN COUNCILLORS are worried flood defences in a Devon town will
not be built after their estimated cost more than doubled.

The Environment Agency was originally going to carry out a GBP 1.3 million flood
defence scheme in Ottery St Mary.

But after investigations suggested the scheme would be unviable, the Agency has
now proposed a new GBP 2.8 million scheme.

The higher cost could mean East Devon District Council will have to double its
proposed GBP 500,000 contribution in order to get the scheme built.

Councillors have raised concerns about whether the scheme will still be built.
Tony Abbott, a member of the town council, said: "My concern is that it won't be
built. It will be more difficult. The more expensive the scheme the longer we
wait." Cllr Abbott said he did not care what scheme was built as long as it
worked against flooding.

He said: "My only concern is that with a new scheme we will have to wait longer
- as long as it doesn't take years to fulfil...

"Businesses in the town have been badly affected by the floods in the last few
years." Roger Giles, a town and district councillor, was also worried: "I'm
concerned, obviously. Hopefully, it won't be delayed. The money has to be found
and the scheme has to be produced." East Devon District Council will discuss on
Wednesday September 11 whether to pledge more funding towards the new scheme.

Cllr Giles said: "I very much hope that East Devon Council will find the extra
money.

"I intend to go to the meeting and tell them how vitally important the scheme is
for Ottery.

A spokesman for the Environment Agency explained why it has proposed a new
scheme for Ottery St Mary.

Martin Weiler said: "All parties were very keen to look at a scheme that
involved a reservation area above the town. That was the scheme that we pursued.
But it was always subject to a full investigation.

"We carried out all the investigations that we said we would.

"The scheme isn't viable. The amount of land and the ground conditions don't
make the scheme viable. It wouldn't work.

"What we're now doing is look at an alternative scheme of increasing the
capacity in the town and doing work on the old culvert. That's a more expensive
but it's the only viable scheme.

"This is the only viable option that would keep the scheme on track and give
people the level of protection that they need and deserve." Caption:

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2002 Express & Echo (Exeter)


                              888 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            October 7, 2001, Sunday

Market slump sinks employee share options

BYLINE: Guy Dennis

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 972 words


Save-as-you-earn schemes have been hit hard by falling stock prices, writes Guy
Dennis.

HUNDREDS of thousands of staff who contribute to save-as-you-earn (SAYE) schemes
are being advised to review their plans following recent falls in the stock
market.

SAYE schemes are designed to encourage workers to own shares in their employer
by allowing them to buy the stock at a discounted price.

However, stock-market falls mean the discounted prices are no longer so
attractive. The most dramatic example is Marconi. Its share price has fallen by
more than 98% from its 52-week high, making the share options offered by its
SAYE schemes almost certainly worthless.

Even firms whose shares have not fallen so sharply are likely to be affected.
For example, both Kingfisher, the retail group, and Prudential, the insurer,
have SAYE schemes whose discount prices are currently lower than the market
value of the shares.

SAYE schemes last three, five or seven years. Employees make contributions of up
to Pounds 250 a month and earn tax-free interest of, typically, 4% on their
savings.

At the launch of a scheme, a price is agreed at which members will be able to
buy shares at the end of the term. This so-called option price is usually 20%
lower than the price of the company's shares at the time.

For example, if a firm's shares were valued at 100p each at the inception of a
scheme, the option price would usually be 80p.

At the end of the scheme, employees would have the choice either to take the
money they have saved, plus the interest, or to use the cash to buy shares at
80p. If the shares had risen to, say, 120p, members would effectively get a
discount of more than 33%.

However, shares in many of the best known companies have fallen by more than
20%, meaning many option prices are now lower than market prices. Estimates
suggest about half of the country's SAYE schemes are in this position, known as
being "underwater".

If your scheme is coming to the end of its term, you have a fairly simple
choice. You can either buy shares at the option price, or pocket the cash. You
normally have six months after a scheme's maturity date to reach a decision,
during which time your savings continue to earn interest.

You need to compare the option price with the share price on the stock market.

For example, British Telecommunications ran two schemes that matured on August
14, when the share price was 457p. The option price of the five-year scheme was
240p, so members were able to pick up shares at a bargain price of 48% less than
the market value.

However, staff in the three-year scheme had an option price of 524p, 15% higher
than the market price.

David Hanratty of Nelson Money Managers, a financial adviser, says: "If the
option price is considerably lower than the share price on the stock market, you
should definitely take the shares. Even if you do not want to hold on to the
stock, you can sell the shares immediately and make a profit."

If the option price is close to the share price, the decision is more difficult.
Hanratty says: "Savers in this situation should consider delaying their decision
for the allowed six-month period. The price at which you can buy the shares will
not change, your money will continue to earn tax-free interest, and you will be
able to watch the progress of the share price on the market to see if it becomes
prudent to use your option."

The only potential drawback is that you may miss out on a dividend payment if
you delay the share purchase. If at the end of the six months the market price
and the option price are still close, it is probably best to take the money. You
are unlikely to make a profit from buying and then immediately selling the
shares because of stockbrokers' dealing fees.

If your scheme is far from maturity but is underwater, you should keep up your
contributions. The market value of the shares may rise, making your option
valuable. At worst, you will get back your savings plus the tax-free interest at
the end of the scheme.

Also, you cannot normally cease payments into a scheme for longer than a total
of six months during the term. And if you terminate the scheme before maturity,
you will have to pay a penalty in the form of reduced interest. For example, if
your scheme was launched after October 1, you would get no interest if you
stopped contributions in the first year. If you pulled out of the scheme after
the first year, you would get interest of only 2% a year on the money you had
contributed.

But if you waited until the scheme matured, you would earn interest worth 3.67%
a year for a three-year scheme, 3.99% for a five-year term and 4.07% if the
scheme lasted for seven years.

Falling share prices not only affect existing schemes, but they also mean that
the current crop of launches will offer comparatively low option prices, which
may prove lucrative.

There is nothing to stop you joining more than one SAYE scheme, as long as you
do not cross the maximum contribution threshold of Pounds 250 a month.

WEIGHING UP THE OPTIONS

Pauline Fifield is one of tens of thousands of employees with an SAYE scheme who
is concerned by falling share prices.

The scheme from her employer, Electrocomponents, gives her the option of buying
shares in the future at a fixed price of 529p.

At the time the scheme was launched in August last year, the option price looked
attractive. Now things look less certain. Electrocomponents share price has
fallen to 405p, substantially lower than the option price.

Pauline, 46, is worried that if the price does not recover, her option will be
of little use and she will miss out on cheap shares. 'I look at it now simply as
a savings scheme. At least I will earn some interest - and I haven't squandered
the money.'


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                              889 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            July 15, 1992, Wednesday

Referee is needed to make firms play the pensions game fairly

BYLINE: Sean Hand

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 1575 words


Sean Hand argues that the legal framework for pension schemes ought to be
replaced by a new system, with a regulator playing a crucial role

That trust law in its present form is an inadequate legal framework for
occupational pension schemes was the unequivocal conclusion of the Social
Security Select Committee. There are indeed irrefutable arguments in favour of a
new regime for occupational (that is, employer-sponsored) pension schemes,
comprising a pensions act, a pensions tribunal and a single pensions regulator.
Abolition of the trust law basis is, however, unlikely.  Codification by
legislation is the more likely outcome.

The fundamental question confronting Professor Goode's committee should be how
best to secure an employer's pension promise. The current system of regulation
and law is complex and bewildering, for several reasons:

There are four regulators with peripheral responsibilities the DTI (insured
schemes) the Inland Revenue, the Occupational Pensions Board and the Investment
Management Regulatory Organisation (Imro).

There is a vast body of constantly changing, highly technical tax and social
security legislation.

Trust law, while ensuring flexibility, provides an inadequate yardstick for the
behaviour of trustees and employers, because of the generality of many trust
concepts and the ease with which they can be excluded from occupational pension
scheme trusts.

The current structure has grown piecemeal and is now wholly unsuited to
safeguarding the pension promise.

If the trust law framework is to be retained, a pensions act is essential to
codify and supplement the application of trust law principles to schemes. It is
all very well to oblige a fiduciary to act honestly, in what he believes to be
the best interests of the beneficiaries. But how is a trustee (even an honest
one) to apply that principle in the numerous areas where he may come into
conflict with the employer? The pension benefits of about 19 million people are
at stake and we can no longer naively assume that trustees will always be true
fiduciaries. The law must do everything possible to ensure that they perform
their function properly. To achieve this, we need a clear set of rules, a
monitoring system to ensure compliance and effective sanctions for
non-compliance to deter those tempted to betray their office.

Consideration should be given to requiring proposed trustees to satisfy fit and
proper person criteria.

They should be subject to disqualification by a regulator if they fail to
maintain standards. The widespread practice of trustees excluding their own
liability for negligence and having indemnities out of their funds should be
abolished and replaced with compulsory insurance for trustees and scheme assets
and fiduciary bonding in the American style.

Many of the most difficult questions facing trustees involve serious conflicts
of interest. As an interim measure, the dangers arising from such conflicts
could be diminished by requiring employers to appoint at least one professional
trustee, who could be obliged to seek independent professional advice. In the
longer term, issues giving rise to conflicts of interest need to be addressed
and resolved. Trustees should be accountable to scheme members. Consultation
with members should be required at least annually and on all important matters
such as proposed amendments, investment policy changes, appointment and removal
of trustees and scheme advisers.

The traditional view of the employer in trust law (a donor of unilateral
benevolence) is entirely inappropriate to occupational pension schemes.  The
voluntary nature of the employer's pension promise and his financial interest in
the scheme, of course, entitle him to retain control over his own funding rate
and, arguably, some interest in real surpluses that might arise when final
salary schemes are wound up. Beyond that, the balance of power between employers
and trustees in scheme rules, selection of trustees, development of investment
policy and discretionary benefit improvements should be determined by persons
independent of the employer and subject to clearly defined fiduciary
responsibilities. The employer should be encouraged to maintain an active
interest through consultation, and representation on the board of trustees, but
at no time should he be allowed to have control of the trustees. The employer's
continuing financial interest in schemes (that is, in minimising the cost to
him) conflicts with the interest of members in maximising benefits.

Given that occupational pension scheme assets in the UK are estimated to be
worth Pounds 300 billion, it is not surprising to find strong vested interests
in preserving the status quo. If Imro continues to authorise trustees to invest
schemes' assets themselves (rather than delegate that function), investment
restrictions should be introduced and policed by a regulator. Fund managers and
banks handling schemes' assets should have to designate those assets and assume
full fiduciary obligations to members, as is the case in America. Unit trust
managers are already in this position.

Fund managers should also be required to obtain voting instructions from
trustees and be prohibited from investing schemes' assets in connected
enterprises. The propriety of pooling arrangements for schemes' assets and the
prudence of allowing trustees or fund managers to be asset custodians as well
should also be reviewed. Schemes' auditors should be required to carry out
periodic checks of custody arrangements and report findings to a regulator.

Without adequate funding and skilled staff, an occupational pension scheme
regulator, the central character of the new regime, could prove to be
ineffective. The regulator will need either to bring under one umbrella the
functions of the Inland Revenue, the Occupational Pensions Board and Imro
(together with its own new regulatory powers), or to develop a system of more
effective co-operation than exists currently. The powers of the regulator should
include responsibility for monitoring: trustee appointments; schemes' financial
reporting; investments; activities of schemes' professional advisers and
interaction between them. In addition, a regulator would need an investigatory
and enforcement facility linked with a pensions tribunal, so that rapid and
effective action could be taken when necessary.

One of the greatest iniquities of the present system is the inability of
occupational pension scheme members to obtain redress for grievances. Access to
the High Court is slow and expensive and members find it difficult, if not
impossible, to fund actions. In resisting claims, trustees are usually able to
rely on scheme assets. A pensions tribunal comprising a senior lawyer and
pensions experts should be established and a method of funding members' claims
found. The tribunal should have powers comparable to those of the High Court.

Scheme members are the real investors, despite the failure of the Financial
Services Act to recognise this. A pensions act should not only remedy that
defect but also recognise that pensions are deferred pay, with all that that
implies for employers' trust law powers. Scheme members should have rights akin
to those of company shareholders.

The right of members to share in scheme surpluses should be established and
appropriate formulae for equitable distribution of surpluses between employers
and members drawn up. Judgments of the mid-1980s, which have been revered as if
they contained oracular utterances about employers' rights to surplus in balance
of cost schemes, should no longer be regarded as the be-all and end-all.
Judicial thinking has moved on, but many in the industry appear to have been
left behind.

A pensions act should append model deeds and rules. Their adoption by individual
schemes should be optional but the principles expressed should be set out in the
act and made mandatory.

Standardisation should not be limited to schemes' documentation. One of the
greatest sources of conflict, after the right to a share in surpluses, is the
actuarial principles on which final salary schemes are funded. The lack of
uniformity in these principles makes inter-scheme transfers needlessly difficult
and deprives the concept of an actuarial surplus (that is, a notional surplus in
a continuing scheme) of meaning. It also makes interpretation of surpluses
disclosed in company accounts difficult and, in some cases, misleading for
prospective lenders.  Consideration should be given to introducing standardised
funding assumptions, along with statutory criteria for calculating and paying
transfer values within specified time limits.

All this will take time. What is to be done meanwhile? Several immediate
improvements were suggested in the Select Committee's report, notably in the
areas of information disclosure and financial reporting.  Figures published by
Dun & Bradstreet this week reveal that company failures rose to 30,722 in the
first six months of this year. Many employers facing the threat of insolvency
will doubtless be looking closely at their pension funds in the coming months.
It remains to be seen whether the government can stomach the ideological
consequences of intervention, particularly in the light of the privatisations of
British Rail and British Coal.

Sean Hand is a partner in Cameron Markby Hewitt, a London firm of solicitors.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited


                              890 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             April 21, 1991, Sunday

The disappearing pension; Receivership can spell trouble for employees who rely
on company schemes, reports Maria Scott

BYLINE: By MARIA SCOTT

SECTION: BUSINESS ON SUNDAY MONEY PAGE; Page 17

LENGTH: 729 words


AS COMPANIES continue to collapse at an alarming rate, it is becoming more
important for the members of company pension schemes to keep a close watch on
how the scheme is being run.

Jeffrey Townsley, of Surrey, learned the hard way. He took it for granted that
all was well with his pension scheme, only discovering after the company went
out of business that it was not. Mr Townsley now faces uncertainty over whether
he will be able to claim benefit from pounds 2,000 paid into a scheme five years
ago.

His former employer, Claydrum Engineering Services, agreed to pay pounds 2,000
into an executive pension scheme in May 1986. It was to be managed by Scottish
Provident. It was not until August that he discovered the scheme had never been
formally set up and as his employer had gone into receivership there were grave
doubts over whether it could be established.

''I had assumed that all was well until August 1990 when, by accident, I
discovered that Scottish Provident had not completed the scheme and were about
to return the premium, less their expenses to the company,'' says Mr Townsley.
He blames Scottish Provident for inefficiency.

At Scottish Provident, John Hay says there was a delay in setting up the scheme
because the company needed to check the contributions Mr Townsley had made to
another scheme, to make sure he was not breaching Inland Revenue limits. This
took from June 1986 to January 1988. Scottish Provident issued the documents to
the employer in March that year and was told in June that Claydrum was no longer
in business.

Mr Hay, Scottish Provident's pensions business development manager, admitted
that the time lapse between receiving the pounds 2,000 and checking the benefits
from the other scheme was ''certainly a long time''. But Scottish Provident had
had difficulty in getting the information from the other pension provider.

But a further two years elapsed between Scottish Provident finding out that
Claydrum was no longer in business and Mr Townsley discovering his scheme had
not been set up.

Mr Hay said Scottish Provident was continuing to try to get a signature from the
liquidator, to replace the one it needed from Claydrum.

Mr Hay said the original money had been invested since 1986 and Mr Townsley
would receive all benefits, provided the scheme could be confirmed.

Don Hall, chief executive of the Occupational Pensions Advisory Service, an
organisation which advises the members of company-sponsored pension schemes on
their rights, said Mr Townsley might have avoided problems if he had kept tabs
on his scheme.

Opas is now dealing with hundreds of inquiries from members of pension schemes
run by companies which have collapsed in the past few months.

In most cases, says Mr Hall, these queries simply arise out of uncertainty over
rights and there will be no problems for scheme members. Money within pension
funds is held in trust and cannot be used to pay off creditors. And since most
pension schemes have funds surplus to requirements, following the long bull run
in the share markets during the Eighties, there should not be shortfalls -
however, it is not unknown.

But pension scheme members can have difficulties in find out what benefits they
will receive after an employer goes under. In the case of many small companies,
which have acted as trustees of the company scheme, the receiver or liquidator
then assumes this role. Sorting out the pension scheme will usually be low on
his list of priorities, says Mr Hall.

Another problem that regularly crops up in company collapses is lengthy delay in
winding up the scheme.

Benefits cannot be finally established until it is wound up.

Since last November receivers have been obliged under the Social Security Act to
appoint independent trustees to make sure the pension scheme is wound up and
benefits established quickly.

But this does not apply to companies which collapsed before November.

Mr Hall says that scheme members could keep a regular check on benefit
entitlements. Companies are obliged to give this information to scheme members
once a year if the employees ask.

Mr Hall says that by keeping up to date on benefits, members can at least get
some idea of where they stand before a company folds.

Employees have no automatic right to be reassured that a company is keeping up
contributions to a fund, says Mr Hall.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd


                              891 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2016 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                August 10, 2016

                            Hydro International PLC

             Shearwater House, Clevedon Hall Estate, Victoria Road,
                       Clevedon, BS21 7RD, United Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 44-1275-878371
FAX: 44-1275-874979
URL: plc.hydro-intl.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: HYD
ISIN: GB0004499488

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: April 12,2005

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
Hanover        Non-Executive  30-03-2015     Huw is the current Chief Financial
Investors      Director                      Officer of Wates Group Limited. He
Management                                   was previously Head of Corporate
                                             Finance at Taylor Woodrow and has
                                             held key positions with KPMG,
                                             Ernst and Young and the Government
                                             of Oman. Huw is a member of the
                                             Wates Developments Executive
                                             Committee, which he chaired until
                                             mid-2012, and a Director of
                                             Needspace?, the Wates Group
                                             managed workspace division. He is
                                             Chairman of the BiTC South East
                                             Advisory Board and is HRH The
                                             Prince of Wales Ambassador for
                                             Responsible Business in the South
                                             East. He was a non-executive
                                             director of WSP until July 2012,
                                             and also a non-executive director
                                             of West Bromwich Building Society,
                                             sitting as a member of both its
                                             Audit and Nominations Committees
                                             until July 2011.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hydro International plc provides products and solutions for the management of
stormwater, wastewater, and combined sewer overflow worldwide. The companys
solutions for stormwater treatment and flood control include stormwater
detention, infiltration, and flow control products; and wastewater management
offerings comprise primary and tertiary treatment and sludge management
products, and a range of grit removal solutions. Its water conservation products
consist of solutions for stormwater harvesting and rainwater re-use; and
collection systems management products include solutions to prevent or treat
spills and overflows from sanitary and combined sewers. Hydro Internationals
primary products consist of Downstream Defender, First Defense vortex,
Hydro-Brake flow control, Up-Flo filter, Grit King, Eutek HeadCell, Eutek
TeaCup, Eutek SlurryCup, Eutek Grit Snail, SludgeScreen, Storm King with
Swirl-Cleanse, Hydro-Jet, Screen Hydro-Static, Screen Heliscreen, and Hydro
Vortex Drop Shaft. The companys products are used for applications in the urban
environment, new residential and commercial developments, and the municipal and
regulated water industry. It offers its products through a network of licensees
and distributors. The company was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in
Clevedon, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Industrial Engineering sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in GBP)                      9/30/2011
Sales                                    32,163,000
Gross Profit                             14,574,000
Interest                                     24,000
Depreciation and                            196,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                                  979,000
Earnings Before Interest                  2,287,000
and Tax
Earnings Before                           2,483,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                         746,000
Working Capital                           7,404,000
Shareholders Funds                       14,994,000
Net Tangible Assets                      12,716,000
Net Assets                               14,994,000
Current Assets                           17,504,000
Total Non-Current Assets                  9,765,000
Total Assets                             27,269,000
Current Liabilities                      10,100,000
Current Debt                                464,000
Non-Current Debt                            868,000
Total Liabilities                        12,275,000
Total Debt                                1,332,000
Total Investing Cashflow                 -1,066,000
Total Financial Cashflow                   -669,000
Net Operating Cashflow                      446,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                          0.07
Cash Flow Per Share                         0.13
Adjusted earnings Per Share                 0.07
Return on Assets (%)                        3.59
Return on Equity (%)                        6.53
Sales Margin (%)                            3.04
Earnings Before Interest Tax                7.16
Depreciation and Amortisation to
Sales (%)
Total Debt / Equity (Ratio)                  0.1
Interest Cover equals Earnings             95.29
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current            1.73
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             14.29
Sector Value on ROA                         3.59
Sector Value on ROE                         6.53
Sector Value on ROCE                        8.73
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                 40

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Hanover Investors             2,523,209          17.49
Management

EPS: GBP 0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
-         Final     02 May, 2012        -              06 Jun, 2016         GBX

PRICES (GBP):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 107
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 194
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 192.50
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 194
BID PRICE: 89
ASK PRICE: 98
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 14,390,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (GBP):
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 2.79
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 57,560,000
MCAP CHANGE: 2.11%
HIGH PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 219.50
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 195
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 195
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 137.80
LOW PRICE (GBP):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 127.04
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 190
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 189
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 112.65
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 4.56
TURNOVER RATE: 21.91%
TURNOVER: 620,800
VOLUME: 3,200
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 18,568
PRICE CHANGE (GBP):
PRICE CHANGE: 4
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 2.11
BID ASK SPREAD: 9.18
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: 4
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 2.11
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 5
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 2.65
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -2
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 18.87
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 43.02
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 28.49
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 63.05
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 48.15
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (GBP):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 192.35
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.01
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.86%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.09%
VWP 1 MONTH: 189.70
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.02
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.51%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 11.62%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 0.78%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 52.71%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK         1,021.05       21.05       27.32           -
5 WEEKS        1,026.46       26.46       26.02           -
13 WEEKS       1,215.77      188.73       27.05           -
1 MONTH        1,026.46       26.46       26.84           -
3 MONTHS       1,215.77      188.73       27.05           -
6 MONTHS       1,314.14       284.9       29.24           -
1 YEAR         1,515.18      481.47       33.71       25.76
2 YEARS        2,026.83      931.71       95.12           -
3 YEARS         2,309.9    1,129.18      180.72       31.82
5 YEARS        1,968.39      703.24      265.15        14.5

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 239,806,000
CMV MULTIPLIER: 1.54
RETAINED EARNINGS: 4,405,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 2,039,404,000
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 2,719,710,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (GBP):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 177.80
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.09
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 202.35
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.96
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: -0.50
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.35
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.17
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.19
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.15
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 1.44
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.80
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 0.78
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 2.63
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 2.63
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 3.17
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 22.33
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 72.78
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.01
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.46
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.39
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.53
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 6.62
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 8.44
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 45.34
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 108.84
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 70.68
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 71.43
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 39.53
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 79.94
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 74.13
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 91.17
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 1
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 3,200
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 21
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 11.70
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 15
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 8.99
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -12
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.70
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -10
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.56
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -      2,523,209          -        3.8

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.22
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -16.67
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 47.67
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -49.69
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1.02
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: -172.71
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.04
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 955.36
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 39.84
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: 0.31
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 0.43
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 2.78
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 2.14
PRICE TO SALES: 0.85
YIELD: 1.96%
EARNING YIELD: 3.70%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.69
RETURN ON ASSETS: 3.00%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 5.41%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 16.16%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 23.31
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 11.40
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 1.98
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 1.93%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.11
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 2.71%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 6.22%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 7.47%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 7.18%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 12.26%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
Top 20 Shareholders Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

RELATIVE STRENGTH INDICATOR: 10.91
BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Fri, Nov  Hydro              122.5
23        International
          unchanged on
          low volume.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Fri,    SuDS        122.5 one-mont three-mo Hydro    Hydro    Hydro    Hydro
Nov 23  Solution          h High   nth Low  Internat Internat Internat Internat
        for                                 ional    ional    ional    ional
        PoundMul                            gains    strength weakens  slides
        ti                                  3.8% to  ens      below 50 5.2% to
        Million                             GBX122.5 above 50 day      GBX117.5
        A46                                 0 on low day      Exponent 0 on low
        Upgrade                             volume.  Exponent ial      volume.
                                                     ial      Moving
                                                     Moving   Average
                                                     Average  Price
                                                     Price    (EMAP).
                                                     (EMAP).

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   Additional Listing

   The Company announces that pursuant to the terms of its UK Save-As-You-Earn
Share Option Plan, options over 24,858 ordinary shares of 5p each have been
exercised.

   Application has been made for admission of these shares to trading on AIM.
The new ordinary shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the Company's
existing ordinary shares and dealings are expected to commence on 5 August 2016.

   Total Voting Rights

   For the purposes of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and
Transparency Rules, the total number of ordinary shares of 5p of Hydro
International plc in issue as at the date of this notice is 14,453,947 with each
share carrying the right to one vote.

   There are no shares held in treasury.

   The total number of voting rights in Hydro International plc is therefore
14,453,947.

   The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the
calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their
interest in, or a change to their interest in, Hydro International plc, under
the Disclosure and Transparency Rules.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/HYD/12913502.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   <link>The Board of Hydro International is pleased to announce that all
resolutions were duly passed at the Company's Annual General Meeting held
today.</link>

   Source: London Stock Exchange

OTHERS

   On 17 June 2016, the Board and the Hanover Bidco Directors announced that
they had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended acquisition by Hanover
Bidco of the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Hydro not already
owned by Hanover Bidco or the Hanover Bidco Group.

   The Acquisition will, if approved at the relevant meetings and subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the other Conditions set out in the Scheme Document,
be effected by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement between Hydro
and Scheme Shareholders under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006. In compliance
with section 897 of the Companies Act, full details of the Scheme are set out in
the Explanatory Statement in Part 2 of the Scheme Document.

   Under the Scheme, Scheme Shareholders will be entitled to receive for each
Scheme Share 194 pence in cash.

   As an alternative to receiving some or all of the Cash Consideration, Scheme
Shareholders (other than Restricted Scheme Shareholders) will, subject to
certain conditions and terms, be able to elect to receive Loan Notes on the
basis of Pound1 of nominal value of Loan Notes for each Pound1 of Cash
Consideration.

   Accordingly, Hydro announces that it is today posting to Scheme Shareholders
a scheme document (the "Scheme Document") in relation to the Acquisition,
setting out, amongst other things, the full terms and conditions of the Scheme,
an explanatory statement pursuant to section 897 of the Companies Act 2006, an
expected timetable of principal events, notices of the Court Meeting and General
Meeting and details of the actions to be taken by Hydro Shareholders, together
with the Forms of Proxy for the Court Meeting, the General Meeting and a Loan
Note Form of Election. Hydro is today also posting the Scheme Document to
participants in the Hydro Share Schemes together with details of the proposals
being made to such participants.

   As further detailed in the Scheme Document, to become Effective the Scheme
requires, amongst other things, that the required majority of Scheme
Shareholders vote in favour of the Scheme at the Court Meeting and that the
required majority of Hydro Shareholders vote in favour of the Resolutions to be
proposed at the General Meeting.

   Notices convening the Court Meeting and the General Meeting to be held at the
offices of Bond Dickinson LLP, 4 More London Riverside, London, SE1 2AU are set
out in the Scheme Document. The Court Meeting will be held at 11.00 a.m. on 8
August 2016 and the General Meeting will be held at 11.15 a.m. on the same date
(or, if later, as soon thereafter as the Court Meeting has been concluded or
adjourned). Forms of Proxy for use at such meetings are enclosed with the Scheme
Document.

   Upon the Scheme becoming Effective, it will be binding on all Scheme
Shareholders irrespective of whether or not they attended or voted at the Court
Meeting or the General Meeting (and if they attended, and voted, whether or not
they voted in favour). An application will be made for cancellation of the
admission to trading of the Hydro Shares on AIM. It is expected that such
cancellation will take place on the day following the Effective Date. Further
details of the expected timetable of principal events are set out below and in
the Scheme Document.

   It is important that, for the Court Meeting, as many votes as possible are
cast so that the Court may be satisfied that there is a fair and reasonable
representation of the Scheme Shareholders' opinion. Scheme Shareholders are
therefore strongly urged to submit their Forms of Proxy (or the electronic
equivalent) (once received) as soon as possible in accordance with the
instructions for so doing.

   Capitalised terms in this announcement (the "Announcement") shall, unless
otherwise defined, have the same meanings as set out in the Scheme Document.
Copies of this Announcement and the Scheme Document will be available (subject
to certain restrictions relating to persons in Restricted Jurisdictions) on
Hydro's website at http://plc.hydro-intl.com and Hanover Bidco's website at ,
www.hanoverinvestors.com up to and including the Effective Date. The contents of
Hydro's website are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, this
Announcement.

   Timetable

   The expected timetable of principal events for the implementation of the
Scheme is set out below. If any of the key dates set out in the expected
timetable changes, an announcement will be made through a Regulatory Information
Service.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/HYD/12893131.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

NET TANGIBLE ASSET

   [Company Release] the_church_village_by_pass_project_nac.jpgAn innovative and
unconventional solution to providing vital, low-impact surface water control on
one of Britain's largest local authority road schemes was achieved using Hydro
International's Hydro Vortex Drop(TradeMark) Shaft flow control technology.

   A new 7 km bypass built by Costain at Church Village required careful
planning to minimise its effect on the countryside and the local environment.
Rhondda Cynon Taff Council needed to bypass Church Village to reduce traffic
disruption on the A473, between Pontypridd and Talbot Green.

   The challenges in managing surface water both from natural and developed
features were considerable, including run-off from the surrounding hilly
countryside, existing drainage from several disused railway installations and
groundwater from disused mineshafts. If this had not been carefully diverted
around the new road, it could have ponded, and created unplanned standing water
or even undermined structures.

   "One important problem with a new road like a bypass is the potential
disruption to surface water flow in the area," comments Costain's Project
Manager, John Lee. "The building of structures which block natural surface water
flow lines across the landscape, or flow from existing construction like roads,
has to be carefully planned.

   "I have not used the Hydro Drop(TradeMark) Shaft technique before, but it
seems a simple and non-disruptive solution which avoided much greater expense."

   Simon Edwards, Principal Engineer, Water and Environment, for Atkins Limited,
the consultant on the project adds: "We decided to divert the ground water under
the new bypass along a culvert built over an old rail track bed. From there, the
water had to descend around four metres to a small local stream bed and then
into the River Taff. Uncontrolled, this drop of water would have scoured away
the stream bed, and caused unacceptable environmental damage.

   The design therefore incorporated a Hydro Vortex Drop(TradeMark) Shaft. It is
a single-shaft self-activating system with no moving parts and is designed to
quietly and safely drop water or sewage from heights in a space-saving design.

   "The maximum design flow was 1m3/sec through a 600mm pipe reducing to 450mm.
By inducing a vortex at the lower end of the drop, the Hydro Vortex
Drop(TradeMark) shaft provides the energy dissipation which prevents excess flow
force at the discharge."

   An alternative solution to the Hydro Drop(TradeMark) Shaft had been to build
a cascade to take the flow down over successive weirs.

   "This would have involved considerable and expensive earthworks through the
rail embankment," pointed out John Lee. "Additionally, cutting into old rail
ground structures can create all sorts of trouble as no-one knows what is in
there, all the records had disappeared. It was much simpler to install the
Drop(TradeMark) Shaft and with less visual impact too."

   Equal care was paid to other environmental parameters, from the planting of
117,000 new trees and shrubs and using 300,000 tyres as part of the landfill to
building three connecting bridges across the road for the use of local dormice,
an endangered species. Rhondda Cynon Taff Council granted planning permission in
2006 with a Pound90 million grant from the Welsh Assembly Government; the road
was opened to traffic in Autumn 2010.

   Source: Company Website

TRADING HALT

   [Company Release] meva_shaftless_spiral__conveyor_launch.jpgHYDRO
International, a leading provider of equipment for water and wastewater
treatment, has announced a major extension to its partnership with Sweden's
Nordic Water AB to supply and service its flagship MEVA product range in the UK.

   Hydro has been appointed UK supplier for MEVA products, including its
innovative range of screenings handling and conditioning machinery. The
partnership will enable innovative new MEVA products to be actively promoted in
the UK market, including the Screw Wash Press, Counter Pressure Screw and
Shaftless Screw Conveyor.

   Through the agreement, Hydro will also provide spares, service and
maintenance for all installed UK MEVA equipment.

   Says Chris Day, General Manager of Hydro Wastewater: "Nordic Water has seen
the move to Hydro as a strategic opportunity to develop their market share for
MEVA products in the UK. Many UK Water companies have yet to recognise the full
benefits of Meva's innovative solutions for the handling, washing, dewatering
and conditioning of screenings.

   "The business also fits well within Hydro's existing Spares and Service
offering for Wastewater and we can be confident of providing an excellent level
of service to existing users of MEVA equipment. MEVA customers need to know to
come to us in future for their spares and maintenance requirements."

   MEVA is a global market brand in step screens and screenings handling
equipment with over 5000 screens and thousands of compactors installed
worldwide. All manufactured in Sweden, MEVA products are known for their
reliability and robustness and are a perfect complement to Hydro's existing
range of wastewater treatment products.

   Amongst other Nordic products in the Hydro Wastewater portfolio are its
Zickert sludge scrapers, DynaSand(Registered) and DynaDisc(TradeMark) filters
and Johnson Lamella separators.

   For more information about the Hydro Wastewater technologies or spares and
service capability, please call Hydro on 01353 645700, or visit
www.hydro-international.biz.

   HYDRO International, a leading provider of equipment for water and wastewater
treatment, has announced a major extension to its partnership with Sweden's
Nordic Water AB to supply and service its flagship MEVA product range in the UK.

   Hydro has been appointed UK supplier for MEVA products, including its
innovative range of screenings handling and conditioning machinery. The
partnership will enable innovative new MEVA products to be actively promoted in
the UK market, including the Screw Wash Press, Counter Pressure Screw and
Shaftless Screw Conveyor.

   Through the agreement, Hydro will also provide spares, service and
maintenance for all installed UK MEVA equipment.

   Says Chris Day, General Manager of Hydro Wastewater: "Nordic Water has seen
the move to Hydro as a strategic opportunity to develop their market share for
MEVA products in the UK. Many UK Water companies have yet to recognise the full
benefits of Meva's innovative solutions for the handling, washing, dewatering
and conditioning of screenings.

   "The business also fits well within Hydro's existing Spares and Service
offering for Wastewater and we can be confident of providing an excellent level
of service to existing users of MEVA equipment. MEVA customers need to know to
come to us in future for their spares and maintenance requirements."

   MEVA is a global market brand in step screens and screenings handling
equipment with over 5000 screens and thousands of compactors installed
worldwide. All manufactured in Sweden, MEVA products are known for their
reliability and robustness and are a perfect complement to Hydro's existing
range of wastewater treatment products.

   Amongst other Nordic products in the Hydro Wastewater portfolio are its
Zickert sludge scrapers, DynaSand(Registered) and DynaDisc(TradeMark) filters
and Johnson Lamella separators.

   Source: Company Website

TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE

   Additional Listing

   The Company announces that pursuant to the terms of its UK Save-As-You-Earn
Share Option Plan, options over 24,858 ordinary shares of 5p each have been
exercised.

   Application has been made for admission of these shares to trading on AIM.
The new ordinary shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the Company's
existing ordinary shares and dealings are expected to commence on 5 August 2016.

   Total Voting Rights

   For the purposes of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and
Transparency Rules, the total number of ordinary shares of 5p of Hydro
International plc in issue as at the date of this notice is 14,453,947 with each
share carrying the right to one vote.

   There are no shares held in treasury.

   The total number of voting rights in Hydro International plc is therefore
14,453,947.

   The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the
calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their
interest in, or a change to their interest in, Hydro International plc, under
the Disclosure and Transparency Rules.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/HYD/12913502.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

DIVIDEND

   Hydro International today announced a final dividend of GBX3.80 per share.
The ex dividend date is Thursday, May 12, 2016 and it is payable on Monday, June
06.

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

   Hydro International has appointed Huw Davies as Non-Executive Director. The
effective date is March 30, 2015.

COMPANY RELEASE

   Hydro International (AIM: HYD), a leading provider of environmentally
sustainable and innovative products and services for the control and treatment
of water, announces its unaudited final results for the year ended 31 December
2015.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/HYD/12717625.html" >London Stock Exchange</a>

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

   <link>The Board of Hydro International is pleased to announce that all
resolutions were duly passed at the Company's Annual General Meeting held
today.</link>

   Source: London Stock Exchange

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016


                              892 of 992 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                  June 1, 2015

                    Nationwide Accident Repair Services PLC

            17a Thorney Leys Park, Witney, OX28 4GE, United Kingdom
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.narsplc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: NARS
ISIN: GB00B15RR673

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

LISTING DATE: July 04,2006

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
Michael A.     Chief          -              -
Wilmshurst     Executive
               Officer

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Nationwide Accident Repair Services plc provides automotive crash repair and
accident administration services primarily to the insurance industry in the
United Kingdom. It offers motor vehicles repair and accident claim management
services. The companys services also comprise glass, air conditioning, and
auto-electronic services, as well as minor cosmetic repairs at the customers
premises. It operates a network of 71 accident repair centres in England,
Scotland, and Wales. The company is based in Witney, the United Kingdom.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Support services sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in )
Sales                                   187,020,000
Gross Profit                             68,677,000
Total Revenue                           155,874,000
Interest                                    882,000
Interest Revenue                              5,000
Depreciation and                          4,309,000
Amortisation
Net Profit                                  670,000
Earnings Before Interest                  2,185,000
and Tax
Earning Before Interest,                  4,821,000
Tax and Depreciation
Earnings Before                           6,494,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                         633,000
Working Capital                         -17,723,000
Shareholders Funds                       -4,624,000
Net Tangible Assets                     -23,077,000
Net Assets                               -4,624,000
Current Assets                           30,067,000
Total Non-Current Assets                 35,579,000
Total Assets                             65,646,000
Current Liabilities                      47,790,000
Current Debt                                935,000
Non-Current Debt                            359,000
Total Liabilities                        70,270,000
Total Debt                                1,294,000
Total Investing Cashflow                -15,066,000
Total Financial Cashflow                 -1,388,000
Net Operating Cashflow                   11,824,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                          0.02
Cash Flow Per Share                         0.15
Adjusted earnings Per Share                 0.02
Return on Assets (%)                        1.02
Return on Equity (%)                       14.61
Sales Margin (%)                            0.36
Earnings Before Interest Tax                3.47
Depreciation and Amortisation to
Sales (%)
Total Debt / Equity (Ratio)                 2.77
Interest Cover equals Earnings              2.48
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current            0.63
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             12.24
Sector Value on ROA                         1.02
Sector Value on ROE                        14.61
Sector Value on ROCE                       12.24
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                 25

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  London
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Martin Hickman-Ashby                  -              -

EPS:  0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
1.9       Interim   10 Oct, 2012        -              07 Nov, 2014         GBX

PRICES:
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 66.05
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 98.50
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 98.50
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 98.50
BID PRICE: 66
ASK PRICE: 68
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 43,200,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION:
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 4.26
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 43,200,000
MCAP CHANGE: 1.03%
HIGH PRICE:
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 98.50
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 61
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 98.50
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 64
LOW PRICE:
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 64.72
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 57
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 98.50
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 57
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 156.62
TURNOVER RATE: 63.85%
TURNOVER: 1,428,447
VOLUME: 14,502
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 110,331
PRICE CHANGE:
PRICE CHANGE: 1
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 1.03
BID ASK SPREAD: 2.94
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -1.85
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 1.03
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 1
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.03
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -1.10
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 16.57
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 23.50
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 31.33
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 28.25
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 40.22
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE:
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 98.50
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.05%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.32%
VWP 1 MONTH: 98.50
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.51%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 0.51%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 1.03%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 52.20%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK            1,000       10.26       11.18           -
5 WEEKS           1,000       10.26       12.22           -
13 WEEKS       1,138.73      138.73       12.96           -
1 MONTH           1,000       10.26       11.52           -
3 MONTHS       1,165.68      165.68       12.96           -
6 MONTHS       1,313.33      313.33       15.95           -
1 YEAR         1,456.56      402.17        54.4       45.66
2 YEARS         1,545.6      396.64      148.95           -
3 YEARS        2,015.03      674.85      340.18       26.01
5 YEARS        2,025.31      505.72      519.59       15.16

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 833,223,500
CMV MULTIPLIER: 5.09
RETAINED EARNINGS: 2,038,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 3,218,176,500
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 4,255,200,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE:
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 83.02
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.19
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 107.66
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.91
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.23
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.16
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.13
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.32
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.21
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 1.92
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.94
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 1.03
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 7.02
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 7.02
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 1.03
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 12.28
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 52.20
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.44
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.13
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.11
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.46
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 15.63
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 27.80
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 38.66
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 35.29
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 68.92
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 53.88
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 38.60
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 77.63
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 85.34
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 87.14
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 3
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 3
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 14,502
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 10
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 14.49
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 9.50
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 10.73
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -4.50
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.56
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -4
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.37
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -              -          -          1

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: -0.01
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -5.26
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 38.38
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -25.65
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1.02
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: 2.55
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.11
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1279.03
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 27.11
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: 0.38
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 2
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.30
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 1.51
PRICE TO SALES: 0.23
YIELD: 2.94%
EARNING YIELD: 1.57%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.24
RETURN ON ASSETS: 7.84%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 14.61%
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 6.25%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH: 25
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 25.60
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 14.79
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 2.15
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 1.01%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.95
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 2.53%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 7.69%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 9.49%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 3.68%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 28.12%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Fri, Nov  Nationwide         57.55
23        Accident
          Repair falls
          0.1% on weak
          volume for a
          second
          consecutive
          day, a two
          day fall of
          2.5%.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Fri,    Nationwi    57.55 two-mont fourteen Nationwi Nationwi Nationwi Nationwi
Nov 23  de                h High   -month   de       de       de       de
        Accident                   Low      Accident Accident Accident Accident
        Repair                              Repair   Repair   Repair   Repair
        rises                               gains    increase weakens  weakens
        0.6% to                             3.5% to  s 1.7%   below    below
        GBX63.75                            GBX59.0  to       Moving   Moving
        on low                              on low   GBX58.50 Average  Average
        volume.                             volume,  .        Price    Price
                                            ending a          (MAP);   (MAP);
                                            two-day           50-day   50-day
                                            streak            MAP      MAP
                                            of                trails   trails
                                            losses.           200-day  200-day
                                                              MAP.     MAP.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   [News Story]Further to the announcement under Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code
regarding the recommended cash offer for NARS by CSP Bidco released on 1 April
2015, which is to be implemented by a Court-sanctioned Scheme of Arrangement
under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme"), the Board of NARS is
pleased to announce that it will be posting the Scheme Document to NARS
Shareholders today.Terms and expressions in this announcement shall, unless the
context otherwise requires, have the same meanings as given to them in the
Scheme Document.

   As described in the Scheme Document, to become effective the Scheme will
require, amongst other things, the approval of NARS Independent Shareholders at
the Court Meeting and General Meeting. In addition, the Scheme must be
sanctioned by the Court.

   NARS Shareholders will shortly receive, amongst other documents, a copy of
the Scheme Document and the Forms of Proxy required to vote at the Court Meeting
and General Meeting. The Scheme Document contains, amongst other things, the
background to and reasons for the acquisition, the full terms and conditions of
the Scheme, expected timetable of principal events, the notice of the Court
Meeting, the notice of the General Meeting and details of the actions to be
taken by the NARS Shareholders. NARS Shareholders should carefully read the
Scheme Document in its entirety before making a decision with respect to voting.
As set out in Scheme Document, both the Court Meeting and the General Meeting
will be held on 22 May 2015 at the offices of Bircham Dyson Bell LLP, 50
Broadway, London, SW1H 0BL, with the Court Meeting to commence at 10.00 a.m. and
the General Meeting to commence at 10.10 a.m. (or as soon thereafter as the
Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned). Notices of the Court Meeting and the
General Meeting are set out in the Scheme Document.

   Actions to be taken by NARS Shareholders are set out within the Scheme
Document. NARS Shareholders are asked to complete and return both Forms of Proxy
in accordance with the instructions within the Scheme Document as soon as
possible, but in any event so as to be received by NARS's registrars, Capita
Registrars, not later than 48 hours before the relevant meeting (excluding any
part of such 48 hour period falling on a weekend or a public holiday in the UK).
NARS Shareholders who hold NARS Shares in CREST may also appoint a proxy using
CREST by following the instructions set out within the Scheme Document. If the
pink form of proxy for the Court Meeting is not lodged by the relevant time, it
may be handed to the Chairman of the Court Meeting at the Court Meeting.
However, in the case of the General Meeting, if the white form of proxy is not
lodged by the relevant time, it will be invalid.

   Shareholders should be aware that on completion of the Acquisition, the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSP Bidco and NARS Shareholders
should note that if the Scheme is approved at the NARS Meetings and the
Acquisition completes, trading in the NARS Shares will be cancelled. A request
has been made to the London Stock Exchange to cancel trading in the NARS Shares
on AIM at 7.00am on the business day following the Effective Date without
seeking the separate approval of NARS Shareholders under Rule 41 of the AIM
Rules for Companies.

   It is also expected that trading of the NARS shares on AIM will be suspended
at 7:30 a.m. on 3 June 2015. Following the AIM cancellation, NARS Shares will
not be quoted on any publicly quoted market in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

   Share certificates in respect of NARS Shares will cease to be valid and
should be destroyed upon the Scheme taking effect. In addition, entitlements
held within CREST to NARS Shares will be cancelled upon, or shortly after, the
Scheme taking effect. As soon as possible after completion of the Acquisition,
it is intended that NARS will be re-registered as a private limited company.

   If NARS Shareholders have any questions about the Scheme Document, the Court
Meeting or the General Meeting, or are in any doubt as to how to complete the
forms of proxy, NARS Shareholders are encouraged to call Capita Asset Services
between 8.30 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. Monday to Friday (except public holidays) on
0871 664 0321 (from within the UK) or +44 20 8639 3399 (from outside the UK).
Calls will be charged at national or international rates as the case may be.
Please note that calls may be monitored or recorded and Capita Asset Services
cannot provide legal, tax or financial advice or advice on the merits of the
Scheme.

   A detailed timetable of principal events is set out in the Appendix to this
announcement. These dates are indicative only and will depend, amongst other
things, on the date on which the Court sanctions the Scheme. If the expected
dates change, NARS will give notice of the changes in an announcement through a
Regulatory Information Service.

   Copies of the Scheme Document are available for inspection on NARS's website
at
http://corporate.nationwiderepairs.co.uk/investor-relations/information-takeover
.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

SUBSTANTIAL SELLING

   [Company Release]

   Nationwide, the largest dedicated provider of automotive crash repair
services in the UK, is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition
of Seward Accident Repair Centres Limited ("Seward"). The total net cash
consideration is Pound3.8m and will be funded from the Group's own cash and
banking resources.

   Seward is the tenth largest independent bodyshop chain in the UK and operates
from a Head Office in Hampshire with eight bodyshops, together with mobile
vehicle repair services, in the areas of Poole, Bournemouth, Southampton,
Portsmouth and Brighton, providing repair services to retail customers,
insurance and fleet companies. For the year ended 31 March 2014, Seward
generated revenues of Pound16.0m and profit before tax and depreciation of
Pound1.1m. Its net assets stood at Pound1.5m at 31 March 2014.

   The addition of Seward's bodyshops gives Nationwide greater coverage in the
South and improves economies of scale and flow whilst extending the Group's
presence in its target markets of insurance, fleet and retail.

   Source: Company Website

OTHERS

   [News Story]Further to the announcement under Rule 2.7 of the Takeover Code
regarding the recommended cash offer for NARS by CSP Bidco released on 1 April
2015, which is to be implemented by a Court-sanctioned Scheme of Arrangement
under Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Scheme"), the Board of NARS is
pleased to announce that it will be posting the Scheme Document to NARS
Shareholders today.Terms and expressions in this announcement shall, unless the
context otherwise requires, have the same meanings as given to them in the
Scheme Document.

   As described in the Scheme Document, to become effective the Scheme will
require, amongst other things, the approval of NARS Independent Shareholders at
the Court Meeting and General Meeting. In addition, the Scheme must be
sanctioned by the Court.

   NARS Shareholders will shortly receive, amongst other documents, a copy of
the Scheme Document and the Forms of Proxy required to vote at the Court Meeting
and General Meeting. The Scheme Document contains, amongst other things, the
background to and reasons for the acquisition, the full terms and conditions of
the Scheme, expected timetable of principal events, the notice of the Court
Meeting, the notice of the General Meeting and details of the actions to be
taken by the NARS Shareholders. NARS Shareholders should carefully read the
Scheme Document in its entirety before making a decision with respect to voting.
As set out in Scheme Document, both the Court Meeting and the General Meeting
will be held on 22 May 2015 at the offices of Bircham Dyson Bell LLP, 50
Broadway, London, SW1H 0BL, with the Court Meeting to commence at 10.00 a.m. and
the General Meeting to commence at 10.10 a.m. (or as soon thereafter as the
Court Meeting is concluded or adjourned). Notices of the Court Meeting and the
General Meeting are set out in the Scheme Document.

   Actions to be taken by NARS Shareholders are set out within the Scheme
Document. NARS Shareholders are asked to complete and return both Forms of Proxy
in accordance with the instructions within the Scheme Document as soon as
possible, but in any event so as to be received by NARS's registrars, Capita
Registrars, not later than 48 hours before the relevant meeting (excluding any
part of such 48 hour period falling on a weekend or a public holiday in the UK).
NARS Shareholders who hold NARS Shares in CREST may also appoint a proxy using
CREST by following the instructions set out within the Scheme Document. If the
pink form of proxy for the Court Meeting is not lodged by the relevant time, it
may be handed to the Chairman of the Court Meeting at the Court Meeting.
However, in the case of the General Meeting, if the white form of proxy is not
lodged by the relevant time, it will be invalid.

   Shareholders should be aware that on completion of the Acquisition, the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSP Bidco and NARS Shareholders
should note that if the Scheme is approved at the NARS Meetings and the
Acquisition completes, trading in the NARS Shares will be cancelled. A request
has been made to the London Stock Exchange to cancel trading in the NARS Shares
on AIM at 7.00am on the business day following the Effective Date without
seeking the separate approval of NARS Shareholders under Rule 41 of the AIM
Rules for Companies.

   It is also expected that trading of the NARS shares on AIM will be suspended
at 7:30 a.m. on 3 June 2015. Following the AIM cancellation, NARS Shares will
not be quoted on any publicly quoted market in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

   Share certificates in respect of NARS Shares will cease to be valid and
should be destroyed upon the Scheme taking effect. In addition, entitlements
held within CREST to NARS Shares will be cancelled upon, or shortly after, the
Scheme taking effect. As soon as possible after completion of the Acquisition,
it is intended that NARS will be re-registered as a private limited company.

   If NARS Shareholders have any questions about the Scheme Document, the Court
Meeting or the General Meeting, or are in any doubt as to how to complete the
forms of proxy, NARS Shareholders are encouraged to call Capita Asset Services
between 8.30 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. Monday to Friday (except public holidays) on
0871 664 0321 (from within the UK) or +44 20 8639 3399 (from outside the UK).
Calls will be charged at national or international rates as the case may be.
Please note that calls may be monitored or recorded and Capita Asset Services
cannot provide legal, tax or financial advice or advice on the merits of the
Scheme.

   A detailed timetable of principal events is set out in the Appendix to this
announcement. These dates are indicative only and will depend, amongst other
things, on the date on which the Court sanctions the Scheme. If the expected
dates change, NARS will give notice of the changes in an announcement through a
Regulatory Information Service.

   Copies of the Scheme Document are available for inspection on NARS's website
at
http://corporate.nationwiderepairs.co.uk/investor-relations/information-takeover
.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

NET TANGIBLE ASSET

   The Board of Nationwide, the largest dedicated provider of automotive crash
repair services in the UK, is pleased to announce the appointment of David Pugh
as Finance Director, with effect from 10 April 2012. David succeeds David
Loftus, who after nine years with Nationwide, is stepping down from the Board
and the Company from 10 April 2012.

   David, FCA, aged 50 years, has over 20 years' experience in senior financial
roles. Latterly, he was Group Finance Director of CareTech Holdings PLC, a
leading UK provider of social care services with over 300 centres, which he
joined in 2008. From 2005 to 2008, David was Group Financial Controller at
Carillion plc, the support services and construction company. At Carillion he
was closely involved in the acquisition and integration of Mowlem PLC and
McAlpine PLC, both transformational purchases, respectively adding Pound2.0bn
and Pound1.3bn of turnover.

   David qualified as a chartered accountant with KPMG in 1987.

   Michael Wilmshurst, Chief Executive, said,

   "I am delighted to welcome David Pugh to the Board of Nationwide as Finance
Director. He has considerable financial experience to offer the Group. At the
same time, I would also like to thank our outgoing Finance Director, David
Loftus, for his significant contribution to Nationwide since he joined over nine
years ago. I wish him well in his new ventures."

   Source: Company Website

TRADING HALT

   [Company Release] The Board of Nationwide,the largest dedicated provider of
automotive crash repair services in the UK, is issuing the following update on
trading for the year ending 31 December 2011 before entering its close period.

   Results for the year are expected to be in line with current market forecasts
although net cash at the year end is anticipated to be higher than current
market expectations due to strong year end customer cash receipts. As previously
reported, the Directors expect to propose a maintained final dividend of 3.5p
per share for the year, making a full year dividend of 5.4p per share.

   The programme to reduce the Company's cost base announced in November 2011
has now been largely implemented, with Nationwide's overall operational capacity
preserved. While current conditions in the Company's core insurance market
remain challenging, Nationwide remains a market leading operator with a
comprehensive offering augmented by a mobile repair capability, national reach
and efficient operating systems. Progress in its newer non-insurance markets of
fleet and retail is good.

   The Board expects to announce preliminary results for the year towards the
end of March.

   Source: Company website

DIVIDEND

   Nationwide Accident Repair Services today announced an interim dividend of
GBX1.0 per share. The ex dividend date is October 08, 2014 and it is payable on
November 07, 2014.

ACQUISITION

   Nationwide, the largest dedicated provider of automotive crash repair
services in the UK, is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition
of Seward Accident Repair Centres Limited ("Seward"). The total net cash
consideration is Pound3.8m and will be funded from the Group's own cash and
banking resources.

   Seward is the tenth largest independent bodyshop chain in the UK and operates
from a Head Office in Hampshire with eight bodyshops, together with mobile
vehicle repair services, in the areas of Poole, Bournemouth, Southampton,
Portsmouth and Brighton, providing repair services to retail customers,
insurance and fleet companies. For the year ended 31 March 2014, Seward
generated revenues of Pound16.0m and profit before tax and depreciation of
Pound1.1m. Its net assets stood at Pound1.5m at 31 March 2014.

   The addition of Seward's bodyshops gives Nationwide greater coverage in the
South and improves economies of scale and flow whilst extending the Group's
presence in its target markets of insurance, fleet and retail.

   Source: London Stock Exchange

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

   Nationwide announces that, after serving for nearly eight years as a
non-executive director, Lady Judge is stepping down from the Board today.

   The Board wishes to thank Lady Judge for her contribution to Nationwide over
these years and wishes her well. It is the Board's intention to appoint another
independent non-executive director in due course.

   Michael Marx, Chairman, commented,

   "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Lady Judge for her good
judgement and wise counsel to the Company over nearly eight years. We wish her
well."

   Lady Judge, said,

   "It has been a real pleasure and honour serving with Nationwide and I wish
the Board and executives every success in the future."

   Source: London Stock Exchange

COMPANY RELEASE

   [News Story]

   Nationwide provides integrated automotive accident repair management services
to the UK insurance industry, fleet and retail customers. It is the largest
dedicated provider of accident repair services in the UK.

   Key Points

   Agreement reached on terms of a recommended cash acquisition for the Group by
Canaveral Bidco Limited (The Carlyle Group), announced on 1 April 2015

   Results in line with management expectations - improved performance reflects
benefits of organic growth,operational efficiency improvements and acquisitions

   Revenue of Pound187.0m (2013: Pound156.6m) - acquisitions contributed
Pound21.9m

   - insurance revenues up 24.7% to Pound139.1m - market share up

   - fleet market revenues up 8.2% to Pound43.7m

   - retail sales at Pound4.2m (2013: Pound4.7m)

   Underlying (1) PBT of Pound5.3m (2013: Pound3.1m) / Statutory PBT of
Pound1.3m (2013: Pound0.1m)

   - separately identified items and amortisation of intangibles of Pound4.0m
(2013: Pound3.0m)

   Gross margin of 36.7% (2013: 35.8%)

   Underlying (1) EPS of 9.4p (2013: 5.1p) / Statutory EPS of 1.6p (2013: 0.5p
loss)

   Strong underlying (1) cash flow and working capital management contributing
to a net cash balance at 31 December 2014 of Pound1.5m (31 December 2013:
Pound6.3m)

   Two acquisitions completed, Howard Basford (in February) and Gladwins (in
September)

   - enhance operational efficiencies in North West and East of England

   - represent templates for further regional acquisitions

   Two major contract agreements signed - with AXA UK and Allianz Insurance plc

   Post period end acquisition of Seward Accident Repair Centres Limited in the
South of England

   Notes:

   1. 'Underlying' is calculated before separately identified items and
amortisation of intangibles.

   Michael Marx, Chairman, commented,

   "These improved results are in line with management expectations and reflect
the benefits of the three acquisitions we have made, organic growth and the
measures put in place to improve operational efficiencies from the second half
of 2013.

   On 1 April, we announced that agreement had been reached with Carlyle on the
terms of a recommended cash offer for Nationwide. This recommended offer is
subject to further approvals, including by Nationwide shareholders and a copy of
the announcement published on 1 April can be found at www.narsplc.com. Further
information will be posted to shareholders in due course."


<link>http://www.londonstockexchange.com/exchange/news/market-news/market-news-d
etail/12324855.html</link>

   Source: London Stock Exchange

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

   Nationwide Accident Repair Services has announced its Annual General Meeting
will take place on June 18, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015


                              893 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     December 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Cost of Running Defined Benefit Scheme up by 37% Year on Year

LENGTH: 430  words


Dec. 7 -- The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association today (Wednesday)
published its 42nd Annual Survey.  The findings highlight costs for operating
defined benefit (DB) schemes have increased by 37% in one year.

Since 2015, the mean running cost of DB schemes has increased by 37% from 400 to
546 per member. This is largely driven by increases in fund management and
custody costs, up 32%. Smaller schemes, those with 5,000 or fewer members, have
seen the greatest rise in running costs with an average increase of 63%, to 787
per member.

In 2016, only 10% of DB schemes were open to new members compared to 21% in
2015. That figure is only 4% in the private sector. Rising costs, as well as
economic volatility and low interest rates, are proving key factors in the
decision to close to new members.

Joanne Segars, Chief Executive, Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association, said:

"Our analysis highlights a continuing problem for DB schemes. Higher operating
costs, especially for smaller schemes, combined with widening deficit levels
mean DB schemes are under pressure as never before.  We can't ignore the
resulting risk to members' benefits for all but the most strongly funded schemes
and for these members the risk is they will lose 15-20% of their benefits.

"Our DB Taskforce is currently collaborating across the pensions sector to
develop recommendations on how we can change the industry to improve outcomes
for members and schemes. Our Annual Survey clearly shows that the running costs
of a DB scheme is considerable for all schemes - and even greater for smaller
schemes.  With over 6,000 private sector DB schemes in the UK the Taskforce will
explore the potential of scheme consolidation to deliver better value to scheme
members and sponsors."

Defined contribution (DC) schemes continue to grow, fuelled by the success of
automatic enrolment. Master trusts have played a significant role in automatic
enrolment and between June 2015 and June 2016, master trusts enrolled an
estimated 1.8 million new members.

Within DC schemes the average employee contribution rates remain at 4.2% (same
as 2015) and employer contribution rates sit at 7.9% (8.0% in 2015). Savers
continue to benefit from low charges, with the average annual management charge
of 0.4% as it has been for a number of years.

The executive summary of the Annual Survey is available to journalists and has
been attached as a pdf to this email.

Further information on the DB Taskforce, along with a copy of the interim
report, is available on the PLSA website

Source: National Association of Pension Funds

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

IMF clears tax compliance scheme

BYLINE: MUBARAK ZEB KHAN

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 37

LENGTH: 502  words


The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has asked the Federal Board of Revenue to
register maximum number of traders under the Voluntary Tax Compliance Scheme.

An official source told Dawn on Friday that the IMF had not only cleared the tax
amnesty scheme, but also urged the tax officials to achieve the target.

The clearance came after the tax authorities assured the IMF during recent
meetings in Dubai that the scheme would not be misused.

Finance Minister Ishaq Dar claimed the scheme would bring one million new
taxpayers.

A senior tax official, requesting anonymity, told Dawn that the FBR would be
happy to see 200,000 to 500,000 new taxpayers under the tax net.

However, he said it would be difficult to project actual turnout of the scheme.

The traders who avail the scheme will be subjected to a lower rate of 0.3 per
cent banking tax.

We have received around Rs9 billion in revenue from the banking transaction tax
in the first five months of the current fiscal year, the official said.

The official said this rate will be enhanced to the original level of 0.6pc
after the end of the scheme.

The last date for availing the scheme is Feb 29, 2016.

Tax analysts opine the scheme will hardly attract 25,000 to 50,000 new
taxpayers.

On Friday, the finance minister chaired a meeting to review progress of revenue
collection in the ongoing Jan-March quarter.

The meeting also discussed the revenue targets set to be achieved during the
period from Jan-June 2016.

The meeting had detailed deliberations on the Voluntary Tax Compliance Scheme
and took note of the fact that the scheme had been warmly received by traders
and members of the business community.

Awareness drive

The FBR would undertake an awareness campaign to project the benefits of the
scheme and encourage the business community to contribute to the national
exchequer with greater zeal.

The tax official said FBR has worked out facilitation measures to woo traders to
come under the scheme.

A control room has been established at the FBR headquarters to coordinate
activities of its field formations across Pakistan to facilitate and educate the
traders about the Voluntary Tax Compliance Scheme.

Moreover, all chief commissioners of regional tax offices (RTOs) have been
instructed not to issue any notice to a person who becomes part of this scheme,
without the approval of FBR headquarters.

To make the scheme successful and to facilitate the traders' community, focal
persons and sub-focal persons have been appointed in all RTOs while informative
and explanatory material about the scheme has been published.

The scheme offers a rare and golden opportunity to the traders to become part of
the tax net and do their business with ease and comfort and without any fear of
being audited for the next four years, the tax official said.

All RTOs and field formations will hold regular meetings with the
representatives of All Pakistan Anjuman-e-Tajraan and the local tax bar
associations to address issues which may arise from time to time, added the tax
official.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Marriage Assistance Scheme for poor girls; skill development scheme 'Hunnar'
launched for deprived girls

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 2 -- The State Cabinet today accorded sanction to the adoption of
the state sponsored social assistance scheme titled 'State Marriage Assistance
Scheme for Poor Girls' (SMAS) as per guidelines for its implementation in J&K
with immediate effect.

The scheme is a social assistance scheme meant for those unmarried identified
girls of the State living below poverty line, who may not find themselves in a
position to marry due to financial constraints.

The norms for availing benefit under the scheme are that the prospective
beneficiary girl should be above 18 years of age, should be an identified poor
girl in the survey list available with the concerned DDCs, DSWOs. The eligible
girl will receive one-time financial assistance of Rs 25000 and cost of 5gm of
gold from the competent authority as provided in the scheme.

The Social Welfare Department will be the nodal department for implementation of
the scheme.

The State Cabinet which also sanctioned to the adoption of the scheme namely
'Hunnar' as per guidelines for its implementation in J&K with immediate effect.

'Hunnar' is a skill development scheme for poor girls of the State living below
poverty line, who may not find themselves in a position to earn dignified
livelihood.

The proposed scheme will bring all schemes launched by different departments
under one umbrella which have training and skill development component.

The norms for availing benefit under the scheme are that the prospective
beneficiary girl should be above 18 years of age, should not be a school going
girl and should be an identified poor girl in the survey list available with the
concerned DDCs, DSWOs.

The scheme constituents include skill development, micro enterprises,
cooperative societies for the production, manufacturing of goods and marketing
of products.

The eligible identified poor girl will be imparted training through various
existing schemes, extended by the identified departments, followed by subsidy,
marketing and managerial support, once the venture will turn into cooperative
society. The scheme will be operational in all districts across the state and
Social Welfare Department will be the nodal department for implementation of the
scheme.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt cheerful for gold bonds, gets Rs246 cr from scheme so far

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, Nov. 28 -- Keeping the Government's hope alive on its proposed gold
bond scheme among other related schemes, launched by Prime Minister Narendra
Modi recently, the Finance Minister on Friday said that the gold bond scheme got
overwhelming response from retail investors with 63,000 applications amounting
to Rs246 crore, while the gold monetisation scheme, which has so far witnessed a
lukewarm response, has been tweaked. Besides, the central bank has also said
that the RBI is all set to fine tune the gold monetisation scheme due its
initial response.

"The gold bond scheme saw an overwhelming response from the investors throughout
the country and initial figures show that about 63,000 applications were
received for a total of Govt, RBI set to fine tune the gold monetisation scheme
as it has got lukewarm response246.20 crore by banks and post offices for 917 kg
of gold," said the Finance Ministry statement.

The first tranche of Sovereign Gold Bond, which was issued by the reserve bank
of India (RBI) between November 5-20 through banks and post offices, saw
overwhelming response from retail investors.

As soon as the Finance Ministry statement on gold monetisation scheme came to
the public domain, the central bank responded with some positive remarks in this
regard. The RBI is set to fine tune the gold monetisation scheme as the initial
response to the scheme has been lukewarm. "We need some fine tuning the gold
monetisation scheme," RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan told reporters here.

Earlier in the day Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das had also tweeted
on the scheme saying "Excellent response for an innovative product (gold bond
scheme)".

"The positive response to this new and innovative saving instrument has elicited
response from across the country and it is expected that subsequent tranches
will continue to receive such enthusiastic response," the Finance Ministry
statement said.

As regards the Gold monetisation scheme, the statement said that those
depositing gold under the scheme would be exempt from Income Tax and Capital
Gains Tax. "After stakeholder consultation following 'slow response' to this
scheme, the Government has taken seven decisions to improve the reach of the
scheme," it said.

These decisions also include gold depositors can give their gold directly to the
refiner without involving the collection and purity testing centres wherever it
is acceptable to the banks. "This will encourage the bulk depositors like HUFs
and institutions to participate in the scheme," it added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    November 25, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ10: Pilot Scheme at University of Hong Kong - Shenzhen Hospital Under Elderly
Health Care Voucher Scheme

LENGTH: 1052  words


Nov. 25 -- Following is a question by the Hon Wong Kwok-kin and a written reply
by the Secretary for Food and Health, Dr Ko Wing-man, in the Legislative Council
today (November 25):

Question:

It is learnt that at present, quite a number of Hong Kong elderly people are
residing on the Mainland (Hong Kong elderly people on the Mainland).Last month,
the Government launched a pilot scheme under which eligible Hong Kong elderly
people may use the Elderly Health Care Voucher (HCV) to pay for designated
outpatient services in the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital (HKU-SZ
Hospital), which is jointly operated by the University of Hong Kong and the
Shenzhen Municipal Government.However, some Hong Kong elderly people on the
Mainland have remarked that as the majority of them reside in various areas
outside Shenzhen in the Guangdong Province, they can hardly use HCV unless they
travel a long distance to seek medical consultation at the HKU-SZ Hospital.The
pilot scheme is therefore of very limited help to them.In this connection, will
the Government inform this Council:

(1) of the anticipated annual number of attendances of elderly people seeking
medical consultation at the HKU-SZ Hospital and using HCV; the means and
channels through which the authorities inform the Hong Kong elderly people on
the Mainland of the details of the pilot scheme;

(2) when it will conduct a review of the pilot scheme and of the criteria based
on which it will conduct the review;

(3) whether it will consider extending the pilot scheme to other areas in the
Guangdong Province; if it will, of the targeted areas and implementation
timetable; if not, the reasons for that;

(4) whether the authorities anticipate that difficulties (e.g. the service
quality and regulatory control of medical institutions), other than exchange
rate issues, will be encountered when extending the pilot scheme to other areas
or other medical institutions on the Mainland; if they do, of the details, and
how the authorities will resolve such difficulties;

(5) whether it knows the respective numbers of Hong Kong medical institutions
currently operating medical business on the Mainland in the form of joint
venture and wholly-owned enterprise under the framework of the Mainland and Hong
Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement; whether the authorities have
discussed with those medical institutions the provision of medical services
collaboratively for Hong Kong elderly people on the Mainland; if they have, of
the details; if not, whether they will consider conducting such discussions; if
they will, of the criteria to be adopted by the authorities for deciding whether
they will co-operate with such medical institutions; and

(6) of the schemes that the authorities will launch in the long run, in addition
to expanding the Elderly HCV Scheme, to meet the medical needs of the Hong Kong
elderly people on the Mainland?

Reply:

President,

(1) The Pilot Scheme at the University of Hong Kong - Shenzhen Hospital (HKU-SZ
Hospital) under the Elderly Health Care Voucher (EHV) Scheme was launched on
October 6, 2015.This is the first time that the Government allows elderly people
to use health care vouchers outside Hong Kong.The objective of the pilot scheme
is to provide Hong Kong elders who usually reside in Shenzhen an alternative to
receive the necessary healthcare services locally without having to travel back
to Hong Kong.

According to the statistics published by the Census and Statistics Department in
September 2011, there were about 73 600 Hong Kong residents aged 60 or above
residing in the Guangdong Province, of which 10 400 reside in Shenzhen.As
elderly people residing in Hong Kong can also use health care vouchers at the
HKU-SZ Hospital, it is difficult to assess the total number of elderly people
who will use health care vouchers at the HKU-SZ Hospital.

In addition to the promotional efforts at the HKU-SZ Hospital, the Government
publicises the pilot scheme through various channels with a view to enhancing
the elders' understanding of the scheme.Leaflets are distributed and posters are
put up at places such as immigration control points, Social Security Field Unit
(Guangdong Scheme) of the Social Welfare Department, two residential care homes
for the elderly that participate in the Pilot Residential Care Services Scheme
in Guangdong, Public Enquiry Service Centres of the Home Affairs Department,
Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Guangdong of the Government of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region, and non-profit-making organisations which
provide services for Hong Kong residents residing in the Mainland.Moreover,
information of the pilot scheme is released on the EHV website and
advertisements are displayed on cross-boundary buses and buses serving the
border areas, in the hope that more elders, especially those who make
cross-boundary journeys, could learn about the pilot scheme.

(2) and (3) As the pilot scheme has only been launched for a short time, we plan
to conduct a comprehensive review some time after its implementation.We will
closely monitor the daily operation and implementation of the pilot scheme and
based on the experience gained, consider the feasibility of extending the EHV
scheme to other areas in the Mainland.

(4) The mode of operation under the pilot scheme at the HKU-SZ Hospital is
similar to that adopted in Hong Kong and the scheme has largely been running
smoothly since its implementation.As healthcare institutions and units are
different in terms of administrative procedures, financial arrangement,
operation environment and skills of staff, it is difficult for us to envisage
the problems that we may encounter if the pilot scheme is to be extended.

(5) and (6) For the time being, we do not have detailed information about the
healthcare institutions established by Hong Kong service providers in the
Mainland.

As mentioned in parts (2) and (3) above, the pilot scheme was launched on
October 6, 2015 and its effectiveness is yet to be evaluated.We will closely
monitor the operation of the pilot scheme and, based on the principle of prudent
use of public money, consider the feasibility of expanding the coverage of EHV
scheme in the Mainland or introducing other healthcare schemes with reference to
the experience gained.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 05, 2015 Saturday
                                   E2 Edition

Notorious fraudster targets SA;
Millions of Russians left destitute

BYLINE:  CARYN DOLLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 759 words


A RUSSIAN fraudster convicted of running one of that country's biggest pyramid
schemes in the 1990s in which millions of people lost their life savings is now
in charge of an operation with the same name in South Africa.

The MMM scheme, founded by convict Sergey Mavrodi and known locally as MMM South
Africa, entices investors by advertising that in a month they will make a |30
percent profit.

This week the Communist Party of the Russian Federation sent an e-mail to the
South African Communist Party (SACP) warning about the scheme.

Thousands of South Africans are believed to have registered as investors in the
intricate money-exchange scheme, and a consultant at MMM South Africa claimed
138 million people from 107 countries had signed up.

This week the scheme set off alarm bells and even affected the head of the
National Consumer Commission Ebrahim Mohamed, who yesterday received an SMS from
MMM offering him 30 percent monthly return on investments.

National Consumer Commission spokesman Trevor Hattingh said Mohamed would refer
the matter to the commission's enforcement and investigation division as soon as
possible.

"The matter needs to be assessed by the (commission) to establish the origins of
MMM, and to study their business practices.

"In the meantime consumers are strongly advised to not participate in what could
very well be an outlawed pyramid scheme where their monies could in all
probability be lost," Hattingh said.

The apparent mastermind of the scheme is Mavrodi.

Videos of him talking about the scheme in Russian, subtitled in English, are
posted on the scheme's South African Facebook page.

In the latest video uploaded six days ago, he says: "The development in South
Africa is just marvellous...

"But nevertheless, you must keep developing the system. Don't rest on laurels.
Tell people how good and kind this system is and that everyone gets paid here."

This week the Communist Party of the Russian Federation warned about schemes it
said Mavrodi was running in South Africa, India and the Philippines.

In an e-mail to the SACP on Wednesday it said: "We consider it our duty to warn
our fraternal peoples that this activity may result in bankrupting millions of
people. We would like you to know that as a result of such swindles in Russia at
least 15 million people suffered and went bankrupt."

Eight years ago The Moscow Times reported that Mavrodi, who at one stage was a
Russian MP, was convicted of masterminding the initial MMM scheme. A judge found
he defrauded MMM investors "by deception, betrayal and abuse of trust".

"MMM was the first and the biggest in a series of financial pyramids that hit
Russia in the 1990s. Mavrodi was found guilty of defrauding 10 000 investors out
of 110 million roubles, though in reality millions of people lost money in the
scheme," the article said.

"Some two million to 10 million people lost their savings when the pyramid
scheme folded in July 1994."

Mavrodi was sentenced to four-and-a-half years in jail.

Yesterday Financial Services Board spokesman Lesego Mashigo said it was aware of
the South African scheme, but because it had no mandate to investigate pyramid
or Ponzi schemes, it had referred the matter to the National Consumer
Commission.

Hawks spokesman Hangwani Mulaudzi said officers knew of the original MMM scheme,
but were unaware of a South African |version.

The MMM South Africa website describes the scheme as "a community where people
help each other".

Investors could be awarded various bonuses, including a referral bonus.
"Inviting new members into the community is your additional contribution to its
development. But nobody forces the members of the community to invite new
|participants," the website said.

According to the Consumer Protection Act, a scheme is a pyramid scheme if
participants are primarily compensated for recruiting others, rather than from
selling any goods or services.

More than 23 000 people have liked the Facebook page for MMM South Africa and
about two weeks ago a message was posted on it hitting back at those calling it
a scam. "MMM is a community of donation exchange. MMM cannot be regarded as an
illegal Ponzi scheme or pyramid scheme."

Weekend Argus spoke to a consultant on the MMM South Africa website. The
consultant said Mavrodi had founded the scheme.

Another consultant said there was no way for Weekend Argus to reach Mavrodi and
would not give any contact details for him.

The consultant eventually provided his own work e-mail address.

Queries about the scheme and Mavrodi, including where he was, were not answered
by last night.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 July 30, 2015
                                 First Edition

Legal Notices

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 267 words


SCHEME EFFECTIVE NOTICE

IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE No. 1863 of 2015 CHANCERY DIVISION COMPANIES COURT
IN THE MATTER OF INDEPENDENT INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED (IN SCHEME OF
ARRANGEMENT) (THE "COMPANY") AND IN THE MATTER OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2006 NOTICE
IS HEREBY GIVEN that by an order dated 9 July 2015 made in the above matter, the
Court has sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement (the "Scheme") proposed to be
made between the Company and its Scheme Creditors (as defined in the Scheme). A
copy of the order was delivered to the Registrar of Companies in England and
Wales on 13 July 2015, and the Scheme became effective on that date.

A copy of the terms of the Scheme is available to download from the Company's
website at www.independent-insurance.co.uk and is also available on request by
email to iiclscheme@Capita.co.uk or by post addressed to Scheme Manager,
IICL-SOA, PO BOX 5456, Manchester, M61 0LE.

Return of Claim Form Scheme Creditors wishing to submit a Claim under the Scheme
must complete and return their original Claim Form by Post to the Scheme Manager
at the above address on or before the Bar Date of 11 January 2016. No Claim
Forms received after 11 January 2016 will be admitted into the Scheme.

The Scheme document and the Estimation Guidelines and Guidance notes to the
Scheme contain important information explaining the process for submitting a
Claim.

Further information and contact details Any Scheme Creditor who has any
questions concerning this notice or who requires assistance in completing the
Claim Form, should contact the Company's helpline number on +44 (0)161 274 8837.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 April 19, 2015

Pensions: Avoiding a conflict of interest

SECTION: COMMERCIAL REPORTS

LENGTH: 1154 words


**MO'B: What does being an independent trustee service provider mean?**

**JK:**Quite simply, to be impartial in your trusteeship and to be independent
of any conflict of interest. Many occupational pension schemes in Ireland have
well-placed trustee professionals, but if you look closely through the corporate
veil, you will see the same firm offering services to the corporate as well as
the trustee board. This is simply conflicted.

**MO'B: Is this the case for one-man schemes and larger schemes?**

**JK:**One-man schemes can very often have their principal employer, for whom
the directors are also the beneficiaries, as trustees. The pensions regulator,
Brendan Kennedy, has stated on record that this is something which he would like
to see eradicated.

A change in the legislation to align such schemes to a master trust may be a
solution. The hybrid scheme called a Small Self-Administered Pension scheme,
requires a pensioneer trustee as approved by the Revenue Commissioners, so it is
not as much of an issue here. For schemes from over 20 to over 1,000 active
members, the conflict of interest feature is becoming, a very clear and present
issue which should be avoided.

If you are a director of a company who is sponsoring a pension scheme and
representative of the principal employer, remember to declare any conflict of
interest, which is then recorded in the minutes of a trustee meeting. The
appointment of an experienced independent trustee company can support better
governance here also.

**MO'B: Who can set up an independent trustee company?**

**JK:**The Pensions Authority and the Revenue Commissioners have clear
guidelines on who can or can't apply to be a trustee. In addition, authorisation
to operate as a trust or company service provider is required from the Minister
for Justice, as set out in the Criminal Justice Act 2010. This means satisfying
various fitness and probity Garda clearance exercises while also anti money
laundering sponsors.

**MO'B: Can you outline trustee training requirements?**

**JK:**A newly appointed trustee has up to six months to receive initial
training. Trustees then need to undergo training every two years, as has been
the case since 2012. Employers have a responsibility for the trustees of a
pension scheme to receive training, but the employer is not required to arrange
or provide training to a professional trustee.

**MO'B: What are the biggest challenges facing trustees?**

**JK:**For defined benefit (DB) schemes this has to be managing the on-going
employer covenant relative to the funding position of the scheme. We are seeing
a growing number of sponsors of DB schemes making the decision to close and
eventually wind-up their DB pension schemes in favour of defined contribution
schemes where the certainty of cost is much more transparent.

This leads to a job of work for trustees deciding how to distribute the assets
fairly, and in accordance with governing trust documents. This in turn means
dealing with pension scheme consultants, actuaries, legal advisors and possibly
even the Pensions Authority itself. It is complicated.

For DC schemes, the emerging challenge is ensuring the investment strategies and
the fund managers are all fit for purpose and also how to best support the
sponsor to effectively engage employees with their pension scheme to get the
best from it. Members of DC schemes carry the investment risk, unlike DB schemes
, so competent, financially astute and experienced trustees are required here.

**MO'B: How can trustees challenge whether the investment choices and funds are
the most appropriate?**

**JK:**For a DB scheme this may involve re-focusing on the liability driven
investment strategy or re-do an asset liability management profile. Challenge
whether a portion of the pension scheme would benefit from an independent,
fiduciary consultant? Ask your advisor what this means and ascertain what
implemented consulting means; For a DC scheme, it may be that some 80 per cent
of members default to any one or a number of strategies. When was the last time
the trustees reviewed this? Are the trustees satisfied they have the choices
and/or funds which are fit for purpose and best support member needs? Have the
trustees considered white-labelling? Have the trustees considered using a
lifecycle fund versus a target date fund?

**MO'B: Any insights into how to choose advisers?**

**JK:**The trustee board and/or the sponsor should evaluate and regularly review
all of the appointed advisors to see how fit for purpose they are, and do they
offer value for money? Included in that review could be could your actuary,
administrator, auditor, investment consultant, investment manager, pension
scheme consultant or risk provider - that is death-in-service insurer.

**MO'B: How do you evaluate the trustee board?**

**JK:**For trustee boards, I would suggest some initial questions, all designed
to support the best of intentions of beneficial members.

-- How organised are you as a trustee group/board and to what extent do you work
to standards of pension scheme governance?

-- How often do you meet, and is this enough?

-- Have you considered if your pension scheme operates to excel its sponsor
corporate footprint on governance?

-- Has the board a clear statement of practice on governance?

-- Do the trustees have a clear set of standing orders, objectives and
evaluation criteria?

-- Have these ever been independently evaluated?

-- Given the trustee workload, do you organise yourselves, perhaps with
sub-committees which can be with the support of non-trustee and/or sponsor
representatives so that you take advantage of your skillsets and competencies?

-- Do you engage independent support where required?

-- Do you seek working papers for meetings in a reasonable period of time ahead
of the meetings so that the trustees can assess, reflect, review and prepare for
the meeting with a view to challenging the reports provided and/or by the
adviser's

-- How often have you engaged with your chair trustee between meetings?

**MO'B: Any final advice?**

JK: Being a trustee of a pension scheme is a significant responsibility, which
requires expertise and industry wide experience. Trustees are often faced with
challenging decisions as they attempt to balance the interests of sponsoring
employers and beneficiaries while running their scheme in an ever-changing
legislative environment.

These trustees are responsible for ensuring that their scheme is adequately
funded and for investing vast sums of money. Therefore, it is vital that
trustees are cognisant of regulatory requirements and investment markets while
understanding how to balance risk with expected returns. Trustees need to
mandate their advisors with clear unambiguous objectives and ensure they operate
unhindered by any conflict of interests.

*James Kavanagh is a professional trustee. Email:
james.kavanagh@trusteedecisions.com, visit trusteedecisions.com, or call 01
8062750*

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

ESB: Charged atmosphere over opposing pension claims

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 525 words


Or is it about a company, reputedly on course to take in  620m in profits next
year, refusing to prop up a pension scheme which, if wound up, would see workers
receiving a pension of just  13 per week after 30 years of service?
Unsurprisingly the two sides in the dispute have very different perspectives.

The ESB pension scheme has been in difficulty for a number of years, but
stringent measures agreed in 2010 appeared to offer a viable solution to the
2bn deficit.

At that point the 4,000 workers, according to the energy company's group of
unions, agreed to replace the "final salary" nature of the scheme with career
averaging; agreed a lengthy pay pause and a pension freeze amongst other
measures. In fact, according to the group's secretary, Brendan Ogle, the members
have taken a 30% cut on their capitalised pension benefits.

For its part, the company did make a significant cash injection of more than
500m at that point.

The root of the current dispute lies in what happened next.

The union group claims that in 2011, management "unilaterally" breached the
agreement and began describing, and treating, what was a defined benefit scheme
as a defined contribution scheme. That, it said, transferred all liability for
any risk to entitlements from the company onto the employees, particularly in
the event of a wind-up of the scheme.

At the same time, the group of unions claims the company has insisted it will
put no more money into the scheme which is now  1.6bn in deficit. Yet it has
agreed to pay a dividend of more than  70m to the State in recent months and is
expected to fork out a further  400m following the sale of assets.

However, as far as the company is concerned, the pension scheme for its
employees remains defined benefit - it is only for accounting purposes that it
treats the scheme as defined contribution.

It said under the pension accounting standard IAS19, it had to decide between
accounting for the scheme as defined benefit - which would have meant placing
the full amount of any deficit on its balance sheet - or accounting for it as a
defined contribution scheme.

As far as it was concerned the scheme it had in place was not and never had been
"balance of cost" scheme, ie one in which the employer is liable to meet the
full cost of any deficit which may arise.

Therefore it had decided to account for it as defined contribution.

"The accounting treatment of the scheme has no bearing on the registration of
the scheme as a defined benefit scheme with the Pensions Board; it remains
registered as a defined benefit scheme today," ESB management has said.

Management also pointed out that, like most other defined benefit schemes, its
scheme did not meet the minimum funding standard (MFS) required at the end of
2011 meaning it could not secure the required benefits in the event of a wind-up
- something which it insists it does not envisage happening.

Therefore it said the scheme trustees, with the agreement of management, had
submitted a funding plan to the Pensions Board which was approved in Oct 2012.

It said that funding plan aims to resolve the MFS requirements by the end of
2018 and that plan is on track.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 7, 2013 Monday
                                 First Edition

Suncorp calls for 'no fault' injury schemes

BYLINE: Ruth Liew

SECTION: FINANCIAL SERVICES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 662 words


Australia's biggest compulsory third-party (CTP) insurer, Suncorp Group, is
urging state governments to restructure existing CTP schemes or risk insurers
abandoning the market as revenues come under pressure. Suncorp's executive
general manager statutory portfolio Chris McHugh argues that state and insurers'
profit margins on CTP cover are coming under severe pressure as lower investment
income, big payouts, and drawn-out expensive rehabilitation periods take their
toll.

"If you look at NSW, there are half the number of CTP insurers today compared to
10 to 15 years ago," Mr McHugh told The Australian Financial Review.

"In the current environment with [investment] yields the way they are, and
schemes exposed to common law and other inflationary things like the cost of
care, there's potential for further consolidation of these schemes."

CTP cover means insurance policies aimed at compensating people who are killed
or injured in motor vehicle accidents. Rising claims costs, long recovery
periods, inflation and legal expenses coupled with squeezed investment income
have seen state and privately funded insurers fighting to keep their schemes
profitable.

"Our point here is that there is a rightstructure [that can be applied] to these
schemes.

"We advocate a no-fault scheme - it will ensure that these schemes are
sustainable," Mr McHugh argued. In a research paper released to the market on
Monday, Suncorp notes that a no-fault injury scheme provides cover for everyone
injured in a motor accident. These schemes can also arguably be more expensive.

"No-fault coverage brings a financial cost to the scheme, but eliminating the
tragic circumstances that can befall injured drivers who are without cover
provides a profound social benefit," Suncorp argued.At-fault schemes have grave
consequences

In contrast, "at fault" schemes do not cover the person who caused the accident.
In South Australia, the at-fault scheme resulted in around 40per cent of
catastrophically injured motor accident victims left without compensation. The
state has since introduced new laws, including a new no-fault lifetime support
scheme, for people who are catastrophically injured in accidents from July 1,
2014.

NSW also has no-fault coverage but only for those with catastrophic injuries.
Less severe injuries are covered for drivers who caused the accident, to the
value of $5000, resulting in many injured Australians left out of pocket if they
caused the accident.

Mr McHugh's comments come after Insurance Australia Group-owned NRMA, which has
about 5per cent CTP market share in Queensland, said it would pull out of the
state at the end of the year. IAG boss Mike Wilkins previously argued that it
was "economically not sensible" for the company to remain in the Queensland
market. The Queensland motor insurance regulator also has a cap on CTP premium
rises, refusing to permit insurers to increase the cost of cover.

Mr McHugh argued the extra costs in a no-fault CTP scheme can be tapered with
improved cost and payment structures. This includes defined benefit schemes
which provide a schedule of "prescribed financial compensation" depending on the
type of injury.

Common law schemes, which are often applied across Australia, involve lump-sum
payments following legal negotiations. Suncorp is also advocating more limited
recovery time frames to non-severe injuries, arguing this will entice people to
get back on their feet and lessen the insurance costs.

The NSW government delayed reform to its CTP scheme this year, which included a
no-fault structure. Critics argued no-fault schemes could be unfair and could
prematurely cut off compensation to accident victims. But failure to promptly
implement reforms as imbalances and inefficiencies arise can lead to schemes
becoming unsustainable, Suncorp argued.

"You can fund a no-fault scheme at no incremental cost, if you remove these
points of dispute and you provide some very, very clear benefit structures," Mr
McHugh said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday

TMC's insurance scheme fails to find takers;
Despite several schemes, seniors are ignorant about them

BYLINE: Padmja Sinha

LENGTH: 522  words


Thane: Numerous welfare schemes for the elderly have been implemented by the
central and state government, however, most of them are either ignorant about
them or have little patience to do the required paperwork.

Some of the schemes introduced by the central government are Scheme of
Integrated Programme for Older Persons; Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension
Scheme and National Programme for the Health Care for the Elderly.

They focus on having old-age homes, day-care centres, mobile medicare units, day
care for Alzheimer's and dementia patients, physiotherapy clinics,
community-based health services and dedicated 100 district hospitals with 10-bed
wards for the elderly.

Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC), too, has schemes for the benefit of senior
citizens. The population of the city is approximately 20 lakh of which 2 lakh
are nearly senior citizens.

Not many are aware of Thane Municipal Corporation's Jyestha Nagrik Bima Suraksha
Yojna, launched in 2010 that gives special health insurance to senior citizens.

Due to lack of publicity and awareness, only a handful have been insured under
this scheme until now. According to sources, about 300-350 have availed benefit
of this scheme as against TMC's claim of 790.

Another scheme of TMC that provides home to the elderly is yet to take off,
claim sources. It was launched in 2009.

Many seniors dna spoke to claimed ignorance too.

Padmakar Bhagat, a retired bank professional, said, "Adequate awareness about
the schemes is not communicated to people. Even if we are aware of the scheme,
it is very difficult to avail of its benefits."

Captain Haridasan IN (retd), secretary, Veteran Citizen Forum, Thane, said,
"There is lack of communication by the corporation about the various schemes and
initiatives for senior citizens. We are willing to generate awareness through
our forum as we have a group of experts to guide us."

"Those aware cannot take advantage of the schemes because there is no one to
guide them," he added.

The VCF is aware of the Jyestha Nagrik Bima Suraksha Yojna, but Haridasan says
that the premium is very low, and it should be increased to at least a lakh.

Another citizen said if politicians can spend lakhs on birthday banners, then
something can be done to generate awareness about the welfare schemes of the
government. Authorities should ensure that whether people are actually
benefiting from the schemes.

Despite having no income bar, the insurance scheme received a weak response
because apart from a having a low premium of Rs450, the medical services can
only be availed at Thane and Kalwa civic hospitals, said a source.

To this, TMC public relations officer Sandeep Malvi, said, "Schemes are
implemented to help senior citizens. We have been working towards generating
awareness about them, we hope more people take advantage of them."

Eligibility for Jyestha Nagrik Bima Suraksha Yojna

To be eligible for the scheme, an individual should be above 60 years of age,
and a resident of Thane for 10 years. Though the scheme is open to all-income
groups, it is basically meant for the urban poor who cannot afford
hospitalisation in the private sector.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Medical schemes move to address regulatory backlog

BYLINE: TAMAR KAHN

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 518  words


Medical schemes move to address regulatory backlog

Science and Health Editor

CAPE TOWN - The Council for Medical Schemes has submitted draft amendments on
the Medical Schemes Act to the Department of Health, its registrar Monwabisi
Gantsho told delegates to the 14th annual Board of Healthcare Funders conference
yesterday.

The development is important, because the medical schemes industry has not seen
any regulatory reform since 2003, when the definition of Prescribed Minimum
Benefits (PMBs) was expanded to include an extensive list of chronic diseases.
PMBs comprise the basic basket of care that all schemes are required to provide
to their members. Until 2003, these were largely hospital-based.

A host of problems have since arisen in the medical schemes industry that many
observers believe could be addressed by amending the Medical Schemes Act.

The Council for Medical Schemes has told Business Day before it wants changes to
the law, to strengthen the governance of the boards of medical schemes and stop
unscrupulous trustees enriching themselves.

Yesterday Dr Gantsho said the draft medical schemes amendment bill would also
include provisions to rename PMBs & mandatory minimum benefits& and enshrine
aspects of the current industry code of good practice into law.

He said getting the bill enacted would be a & tortuous& process, and it was
unlikely to come into effect before the end of 2015.

The Health Monitor Company CEO Christoff Raath welcomed the news that changes to
the Medical Schemes Act were in the offing, saying the ANC-led government's
focus on National Health Insurance after the ANC's elective conference in
Polokwane in 2009, had made the medical schemes industry a & regulatory orphan&
Mr Raath told delegates the piecemeal implementation of the ANC's former plans
to introduce social health insurance, spelt out in its 1994 health policy, had
resulted in a & toxic& regulatory environment for medical schemes. They could
not turn away sick consumers or base premiums on a risk assessment of members,
but there was no provision for mandatory enrolment nor a mechanism for
equalising risk between schemes, he said.

The Risk Equalisation Fund was a key component of social health insurance, and
would have levelled the playing field between medical schemes so that those with
more young, healthy members would subsidise schemes with an older, sicker and
costlier membership base.

It had proved virtually impossible to create truly low-cost medical aid packages
in the absence of the Risk Equalisation Fund, he said.

Mr Raath drew attention to problems with the current regulatory environment for
PMBs, which he said created a perverse incentive for doctors to class procedures
as PMBs so that they could command higher rates. The current regulations to the
Medical Schemes Act say medical schemes must pay for PMBs in full.

His firm's analysis of medical scheme spending on anaesthetists between January
2010 and July 2013 showed the spend per member had virtually doubled for PMBs
but remained flat for non-PMB procedures, he said.

A similar trend was seen among general surgeons, he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

LDA's wing to deal with building control

BYLINE:  Khalid Hasnain

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 221

LENGTH: 752  words


The Lahore Develop-ment Authority's metropolitan wing has been empowered to
exclusively deal with affairs related to building control in private housing
schemes developed either by the private people or by government departments
other than the LDA, it is learnt on Sunday.

Since the LDA's town planning wing has been dealing with such affairs, the
decision to handover private housing schemes' building control to the
metropolitan wing is to avoid certain official bottlenecks in the way of timely
action against illegal constructions at dozens of private schemes at the
provincial metropolis.

"After the creation of the metropolitan directorate in LDA the officials working
here had a mandate of planning things related to the building control alone. And
monitoring and execution of any assignment for the implementation of building
bylaws at the time of buildings' constructions and demolition of structures in
case of violation was the responsibility of the town planning wing that was
already busy in planning and building control affairs of various mega schemes
developed by the LDA or those handed over to it by the government in the past,"
a senior official explained while talking to Dawn.

The official, who wished not be named, said since a long procedure amid several
official bottlenecks relating to development of lawful private schemes, the
mushroom growth of illegal schemes and building control in such projects was
causing delay in timely approval of maps/drawings/designs of buildings and
razing unlawfully-constructed structures under building rules, the LDA
administration decided to empower the metropolitan wing to also deal with such
affairs, limiting its town planning department to focus only on LDA-owned
schemes.

About the on-going crackdown on illegal schemes and buildings constructed there,
he said the metropolitan wing launched at least three surveys before
commencement of its drive.

"After taking over the Ferozepur Road in 2011 from the City District Government,
we started launching surveys of illegal schemes. It was revealed during surveys
that several unlawfully developed schemes existed in the city, mainly on
Ferozepur Road. "We also came to know that the respective town municipal
administrations had too violated the rules in according approval to several
residential schemes at various roads," he said.

The official said during surveys the LDA found that 73 schemes were unlawfully
developed in its controlled area, including Ferozepur Road and Multan Road.

He said the LDA had also informed the Lahore DCO to press the respective TMAs to
withdraw the approval they had granted earlier to around 10 private housing
schemes.

Since the LDA disowned these schemes, it had requested the DCO to help the
officials concerned in order to streamline affairs of private schemes, the
official disclosed.

"Dealing with such a task has really become a headache for us. The TMA had
approved a private housing scheme near Khyaban-e-Jinnah without consulting the
LDA in the past. As we didn't know about this scheme, we launched the project of
a road to link Valencia Town and Defence Road with Khyaban-e-Jinnah in order to
facilitate a number of residents.

But to our surprise we found the aforementioned scheme on the way during the
survey of road construction. We had to stop the road project because of the
construction of several houses in the scheme," the official deplored.

He claimed that several illegal housing schemes had been dismantled by the LDA
on Ferozepur Road and Multan Road during the on-going operation.

About introducing uniformity in various development works in Cantonment areas,
the official said that Cantonment officials had also contacted the LDA in order
to follow the Lahore's Master Plan while accomplishing various developmental
tasks. He said the metropolitan wing had also focused on various private housing
schemes developed by the cooperative and other government departments other than
the LDA.

"We have recently taken up the issue of an illegal society developed by the
planning and development department. We have also got stopped the practice of
selling plots to the public at large there," the official said.

He claimed the LDA's move against illegal schemes had alerted the public and
they first contacted the LDA's one-window cell about the status of any scheme
before investing there.

He said a land bank was also being established in the LDA to make the public
aware of the existence of the total land, schemes, open spaces and buildings,
etc, in Lahore.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 25, 2012 Tuesday

Mutual fund schemes for 2013

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 408 words


(##include msid=4006719,type=11 ##)

It is hard to predict the direction of the markets, but ET Intelligence Group
has short-listed a few schemes for 2013 based on their past performance and the
management team's proven ability to deliver in both good and bad times.

SBI Magnum Emerging Businesses

This scheme is for risk-takers. The scheme is risky in the sense that it is not
mandated to follow its benchmark portfolio fully. But having said that, the SBI
Magnum Emerging Businesses scheme has rewarded risk-takers handsomely,
especially over the past three years, irrespective of the market conditions. We
expect this scheme in the mid-cap category to continue to do well even in the
year ahead.

HDFC Equity

One of the oldest schemes in the Indian mutual fund industry, HDFC Equity is
among the most consistent performers in the multi-cap segment. Given its track
record of performing well in both bullish as well as bearish markets, HDFC
Equity could be an apt multi-cap investment option for 2013 as well.

ICICI Prudential Tax Plan

Investors may have to say good-bye to tax-saving mutual fund schemes if the
provisions of the Direct Tax Code, in its current avatar, come into force next
year. However, till then, putting away some money in tax-saving schemes ought to
be one of the most preferred investment options for tax-savvy investors. Our
pick in this segment for 2013 is ICICI Prudential Tax Plan, as this scheme has
shown its mettle in choppy markets as well as during an upturn.

Franklin India Bluechip

The grandfather scheme of Indian mutual funds, Franklin India Bluechip is a
scheme for the most conservative investors. Given its mandate of not taking
undue risk, the scheme has succeeded in generating reasonable returns
consistently for its investors for almost two decades now. This scheme may not
generate stupendous returns if the markets were to witness a 2007 kind of rally
again. However, expect your money to be safe in the event of any unprecedented
volatility.

HDFC Prudence

Although a balanced scheme, HDFC Prudence's performance track record can put
some of the diversifi ed equity schemes to shame. Despite exposure to both debt
and equity, HDFC Prudence has time and again delivered superior returns than
many other equity schemes. Investors who loath to take a high exposure to equity
can invest in this balanced scheme and enjoy returns that are usually associated
more with equity schemes.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Does being bigger reduce admin costs?

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 620 words


The argument that bigger is better is still being debated when it comes to the
administration fees your medical scheme pays its administrator.

The Council for Medical Schemes 2011/12 annual report notes that despite their
market dominance and the inherent benefits of economies of scale, larger
administrators do not appear to offer any cost advantages over their smaller
rivals.

"Perhaps their size makes them less efficient and less responsive to clients'
needs," the report says.

According to the council's annual report, Discovery Health Medical Scheme (DHMS)
spends on average R103.60 per beneficiary per month on administration, while the
industry average is R89.10 per beneficiary per month.

But Dr Jonathan Broomberg, the chief executive of Discovery Health, the
administrator for DHMS, says its administration fee includes some costs not
included in other schemes' administration fees.

He says it is more accurate to compare what schemes spend on administration,
managed care and marketing. DHMS spends RÂ£ per average beneficiary per month on
all these expenses, while the industry average is R158.10, he says.

Alexander Forbes's research shows that DHMS spends R135.03 on administration and
managed care per beneficiary per month. It says these non-healthcare costs plus
broker fees and bad debts amount to 18.2 percent of the scheme's gross
contribution income.

While DHMS has the highest non-healthcare expenditure as a percentage of
contributions among the 10 largest open schemes and five largest restricted
schemes, Alexander Forbes research shows DHMS's administration and managed care
fees per beneficiary per month are exceeded by those of three large open schemes
: Bestmed (R152.62), Fedhealth (R149.23) and Keyhealth (R136.70).

Broomberg says DHMS has reduced its administration fees in real
(after-inflation) terms each year since 2006 and aims to have its administration
fees at 10 percent of its gross contribution income in two to three years' time.

He also says for every rand the scheme spends on managed care fees it saves R3
in healthcare costs.

Anthea Towert, the head of scheme consulting at Alexander Forbes Health, says
DHMS's below-inflation increase in its administration fee last year meant a
R100-million discount to members.

At the scheme's most recent annual general meeting in June, two members asked
for a review of the administration fees the scheme was paying.

Milton Streak, DHMS's principal officer, says the scheme's trustees had at that
stage already embarked on a detailed independent review of the fees. He says
|this review will include benchmarking the fees the scheme pays to those paid by
healthcare funders in other countries. The results are likely to be made known
at the scheme's annual general meeting next year, Streak says.

Medium-sized open scheme Genesis is self-administered and spends R93.64 per
beneficiary per month on administration and managed care.

Genesis chief executive Brian Watson says the biggest cost of administering a
scheme is salaries, and self-administered schemes that employ their own
administration staff have the advantage of not having to pay VAT for
administration services.

Watson says Genesis does its own managed care and saves R250 000 to R300 000 a
month auditing all claims to ensure there is no over-charging, over-servicing
and charging errors.

Restricted medical schemes typically have lower non-healthcare costs than open
schemes because they do not have marketing costs or pay brokers.

Alexander Forbes's figures show this clearly, with Gems paying R53.04 per
beneficiary per month for administration and managed care.

The equivalent figure for Bankmed, a large restricted scheme of about 200 200
bank employees and their dependants, is R110.80.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

Jaya lays thrust on welfare

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, May 22 -- Social security schemes are one of the landmark achievements
of the present AIADMK government. On September 10 last year, Chief Minister J
Jayalalithaa announced a comprehensive Chief Minister's Farmer Security Scheme
which will provide financial assistance to the families of farm labourers as
well as small and marginal farmers between the age group of 18 and 65. Maternity
assistance, educational assistance, marriage assistance, old age pension and
financial assistance in case of death of the beneficiary are some of the salient
features of this scheme.

Besides, the beneficiary can get educational and marriage loans under the scheme
even if he or she gets similar assistance from some other schemes of the
government.

As many as 1.40 crore people have been enumerated for maroon colour identity
card for the members of the Scheme and 1.22 crore persons have been enumerated
for grey colour identity card for the dependents of the members. '190.17 crores
has been disbursed to 2,69,486 beneficiaries so far.

A huge allocation of '30,331 crore has been made for social security net and
various other welfare schemes in the budget for the year 2012-13.

The allocation of '3,820 crore for social security pension schemes, '2,000 crore
for free distribution of wet-grinders, mixies and electric fans, '1,500 crore
for laptops to students, '750 crore for various marriage assistance schemes and
'720 crore for Dr Muthulakshmi Reddy maternity assistance schemes were some of
the measures announced.

As many as 26,41,121 beneficiaries are given assistance under various social
security schemes.

The break-up of number of beneficiaries are:

Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (12,04,245), Indira Gandhi
National Disability Pension Scheme (45,180), Indira Gandhi National Widow
Pension Scheme (3,35,103), Destitute Differently-abled Pension Scheme
(1,33,188), Destitute Widows Pension Scheme (4,24,367),Destitute/Deserted Wives
Pension Scheme (1,20,849), pension to unmarried, poor, incapacitated women of
age 50 years and above (16,768) and Destitute Agricultural Labourers Pension
Scheme (3,61,421).

Disbursement of social security pensions through banks using biometric smart
cards is another measure of the AIADMK government aimed at avoiding any
irregularity. Its beneficiaries can get their pension at their doorsteps.

In the first phase, the scheme was implemented in the villages - Thovalai,
Samudram and Udayarkudi in the districts of Kanyakumari, Tiruchy and Cuddalore
respectively. Under the new system, all the beneficiaries would be helped to
open bank accounts.

The banks, after taking their finger prints, would issue them biometric smart
cards. Banking correspondents will carry an equipment with GPRS connection to
the houses of the beneficiaries. They need to swipe their smart card and the
fingerprints to ensure the identify the genuine beneficiary and only then the
monthly pension would be issued.

On January 2012, the CM extended the scheme to 4,385 villages, where the
population exceeded 2,000, across the state. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from New Indian Express.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 12, 2012 Saturday

UP govt replaces names of Ambedkar and dalit leaders in welfare scheme

BYLINE: Ashish Tripathi

SECTION: LUCKNOW

LENGTH: 540 words


LUCKNOW: In a major decision that may lead to controversy, the Samajwadi Party
government in Uttar Pradesh on Friday scrapped around 30 schemes and projects,
named after the dalit icons, introduced during the previous Mayawati's regime.

Significantly, the decision was taken at a time when the Parliament was
witnessing uproar over the objectionable cartoon of BR Ambedkar in NCERT books.

While the village development scheme named after dalit icon BR Ambedkar has been
replaced with the development scheme for the villages named after socialist Ram
Manohar Lohiya, the Manyawar Kanshiram zoological garden located in Gorakhpur
district has been renamed as Ashfaqullah Khan zoological garden. Kanshiram was
BSP founder and dalit leader, whereas Ashfaqullah Khan is the legendary
revolutionary freedom fighter who made supreme sacrifice for the country.

The state government also scrapped the quota of 23% for scheduled castes and
tribes in allotment of government contracts upto Rs 25 lakh on grounds that it
was a hindrance in competitive bidding and quality of work was suffering. The
quota was introduced by Mayawati in 2009 in a bid to retain her dalit base after
poor show in Lok Sabha polls. The state government also decided to drop the name
of Dr BR Ambedkar from the "Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Vikas Vibhag".

These decisions are taken in the meeting of the cabinet haired by chief minister
Akhilesh. It was also decided that to revive Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya Samagra Gram
Vikas Yojya and scrapped Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Vikash Yojna. The Samajwadi
Party leaders, however, insisted that the village development scheme in the name
of Lohiya has been revived. It was was introduced in 1990 during Mulayam Singh
Yadav rule but was scrapped by the Mayawati government in 2007.

Regarding renaming of the zoological garden in Gorakhpur, the government in its
press release stated that the decision was only a small tribute to the supreme
sacrifice made by the revolutionary Ashfaqullah Khan. With regard to dropping
the name of Ambedkar from the village development department and schemes, the
release stated that the work done under the said schemes have been included in
the scheme named after Lohiya. There was no need to have two schemes for a job.

Officials also said that earlier the Ambedkar rural development scheme was only
for the dalit dominated village, whereas the scheme named after Lohiya would
cover all the villages in the state. The Lohiya scheme would cover all the
social welfare schemes such as widow pension, old age pension, scholarships etc.
The scheme would also include projects like road construction, safe drinking
water, , health, sanitation, MNREGA, housing, land titles, agriculture, dalit
and minority welfare.

Further, the 16 schemes and projects named after dalit icons which have been
scrapped include Ambedkar tubewell project, Savitri Bai Phule scheme for girls,
Mahamaya scheme for poor girls, Kanshiram housing scheme and Mahamaya housing
scheme among others. Those already enrolled in the said 16 schemes and projects
will get the benefit but it will not be extended. The state government has
planned to include the benefits of the said schemes in the new ones it has
proposed.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Kalgoorlie Miner (Western Australia)

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Planning scheme No.5 for Coolgardie Shire

SECTION: KAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 324  words


COOLGARDIE Shire Council has formally started preparing a new local planning
scheme.

Every seven years local governments must review their local planning scheme in
accordance with the Planning and Development Act 2005.

The Coolgardie shire has appointed Paul Bashall, of Planwest, to prepare the
documentation for their new scheme.

Council will be required to seek public submissions on the local planning
strategy as a precursor to the local planning scheme and will then review a
draft strategy document before seeking ministerial permission to advertise the
draft scheme.

Once the draft scheme is advertised the council will review submissions received
and adopt their strategy to prepare the scheme.

Coolgardie shire has previously prepared four town planning schemes and this one
will be listed as Local Planning Scheme No.5.

The intent of scheme No.5 is to direct and control development in the shire in
such a way as to promote and safeguard health, safety, convenience, economic and
general welfare of the inhabitants and amenities of the area.

The estimated cost to prepare the scheme will be $30,000.

Coolgardie Shire president Mal Cullen says the council has been working on the
scheme for the past two years.

We legally have to review our local planning scheme every seven years, which
includes reviewing local laws and town planning schemes so they are up to
standard, Cr Cullen said. There are a lot of new regulations and policies for
local government coming into effect and legislation requires our policies to be
brought up to date.

Things such as zoning regulations and road signage need to be kept up to date.

We have a few months left to complete the scheme as it is a fairly complex task
to keep up with law and policy changes. We will then put it out to the public
for feedback and objections.

More information on the scheme can be found on the Shire of Coolgardie website
http://www.coolgardie.wa.gov.au/|www.coolgardie.wa.gov.au/.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               December 17, 2010

The dirty war being fought for medical aid rands

BYLINE: Lloyd Gedye

LENGTH: 2832 words


A dirty war, including claims of a R1,8-million pay off to the chairperson of a
medical scheme and counterclaims of a vendetta against a medical scheme
administrator, is being fought within South Africa's R85-billion-a-year health
insurance industry.  The alleged pay off offer is contained in court documents
that set out attempts by the head of a large health solutions company, Liberty
Health Holdings (LHH), to facilitate the merger of two medical schemes.  The
court papers suggest the merger's ultimate aim was to create a medical "super-
scheme". The alleged pay off has not succeeded in that the merger it was
apparently intended to facilitate has been aborted.  But insiders have told the
Mail & Guardian that this particular merger was a small battle in a bigger war:
large life insurers see super-schemes as their way to rival healthcare market
leader Discovery.  Discovery controls about 30% of the medical scheme industry,
which has 3,5-million principal members and 8,1-million beneficiaries.  Insiders
also say the losers in the dirty war will be ordinary members, who will suffer
if decisions are made on the basis of trustees' private benefit rather than the
best interests of all members.

The alleged pay off The alleged offer of a R1,8-million pay off is contained in
court papers in the M&G's possession.  The papers include letters from LHH's
chief executive Peter Botha to the chairperson of Liberty Medical Scheme (LMS),
Larry Jacques, that appear to offer Jacques R1,8-million in benefits in the
event of a merger between Spectramed medical scheme and LMS.  Both Spectramed
and LMS are administered by V-Medical Administrators -- a subsidiary of LHH.
Despite sharing the name "Liberty", LHH and LMS are separate companies with no
proprietary relationship.  This week Botha denied his letters to Jacques offered
him any pay off. He said the letters reflected merely a severance package
negotiation with Jacques, in case his job as chairperson and trustee of LMS
became redundant because of the proposed merger between LMS and Spectramed.
"The merged scheme would have paid the severance benefits [of R1,8-million],"
said Botha.  But industry insiders have frequently expressed scepticism about
offers of money or the promise of future job opportunities being used to
incentivise trustees to collude with administrators when mergers are being
pursued or schemes are looking to change their administrator.  If a medical
scheme's board of trustees decides that the scheme should change administrators,
current legislation stipulates that the scheme must go out to tender. However,
pay offs could be used to manipulate tender outcomes, insiders say.  The alleged
pay off letters are in an annexure to an affidavit by Jacques in a legal dispute
between his company, LMS, and V-Medical Administrators.  In a letter from Botha
to Jacques dated May 8 2010, Botha says that if Jacques loses his position as
chairperson in the merged entity he will be paid R1,25-million on the successful
completion of the merger. He would also receive "a monthly remuneration
post-merger for consulting fees".  In a second communication, an email dated May
9, Botha increases the figure to R1,8-million for "managing the scheme merger
process until January 2011, if you relinquish the chair".  The same email
promises Jacques a further R800 000 if the merger happens and he stays on as a
trustee.  These letters are "evidence of extortion and indicate that Botha has
no compunction to act unlawfully with the view of achieving his aim at any
cost", Jacques says in a supplementary affidavit.  Botha denies this, telling
the M&G that any suggestion that there was anything untoward about the letters
was a "distortion of the facts".  The medical schemes registrar said it had "no
knowledge of the letters [between Botha and Jacques]". However, if the
allegations the M&G summarised "were indeed factually correct, this would on the
face of it be inappropriate behaviour and warrant further investigation by this
office", it said.  In the end, LMS's board of trustees voted on June 15 not to
pursue the proposed merger.  Jacques maintained in his court affidavit that he
"never accepted" the pay off offer and "it was for this reason that Botha felt
especially aggrieved as a result of the decision not to proceed with the merger
... I have requested the National Prosecuting Authority to fully investigate
Botha's conduct in this regard."  The high court application The court papers
containing the alleged pay off offer were put before the South Gauteng High
Court in November.   V-Medical Administrators and its parent company LHH asked
the court to interdict Jacques and fellow LMS trustee Dan Pienaar from attending
any LMS board meetings discussing the scheme's contracts with V-Medical.  In
these papers, Botha argued that:

     ·     Pienaar and Jacques had a conflict of interest, in that he (Botha)
          had lodged a complaint with the registrar's office on October 1. The
          complaint was that Pienaar and Jacques had attempted to become
          shareholders in a marketing company that was being set up to offer
          services to LMS and that would have constituted a conflict of interest
          for the two;
     ·     Pienaar and Jacques would work to get V-Medical's administration
          contracts cancelled because he had laid the complaint with the
          registrar; and
     ·     Pienaar and Jacques made threats of physical harm against him.
          (Pienaar and Jacques both denied the allegation in their affidavits.)


In the first of two affidavits, Jacques stated that V-Medical's entire
application was based on "fabricated" evidence and was motivated by the ulterior
motive of taking control of LMS's board of trustees.   Jacques said in his
papers that:

     ·     Botha's application arose from LMS's rejection of the merger with
          Spectramed;
     ·     Botha backdated a letter to Jacques and Van Rensburg to implicate
          them in the setting up of the marketing company;
     ·     Botha had a substantial financial interest in the merger and was
          "intent on procuring a merger of the two medical schemes at all
          costs"; and
     ·     When he told Botha of the board's decision not to pursue the merger,
          Botha told him that it was a "major setback" to his achieving his
          performance bonus and would probably result in him losing his job.


But Botha said the proposed merger had no bearing on the application in the
South Gauteng High Court.  On December 9, Judge CJ Classen dismissed V-Medical's
application.  "Even if it is accepted that Jacques and Pienaar are unhappy about
Botha's conduct in laying a complaint against them ... such circumstances do not
lead to an entitlement to interfere with the functioning of the board of
trustees," Classen's judgment said.  V-Medical was attempting to prevent LMS
from terminating the contracts lawfully by way of an interdict, Classen ruled.
He made no findings on the corruption allegations made by both sides.  Alleged
collusion  The same court papers allege that V-Medical's managing director,
Patrick Masobe -- a former medical schemes registrar -- still has significant
influence in the registrar's office and used it to the benefit of V-Medical and
LHH.  This allegation was made by businessman Daan van Rensburg, whom Botha
accused of concocting the scheme with Pienaar and Jacques to include them as
shareholders in the marketing company. Van Rensburg filed an affidavit denying
Botha's accusation and stating that Botha had spoken to him of his intention to
build a "super-scheme".  "During the course of the discussion Botha suggested
that he did not perceive the creation of a new super-scheme to be a major
problem for the regulators and indicated that Masobe, the managing director of
the first applicant [V-Medical] has run the office of the Registrar of Medical
Schemes for a number of years and had a huge influence in that office still,"
Van Rensburg said in his affidavit. Botha denied making this statement to Van
Rensburg.   Masobe denied any impropriety. "The allegations about collusion with
the staff of the registrar have no merit," he said. "I have no influence with
the registrar's staff."  The registrar's office said Van Rensburg's allegation
was "baseless and unfounded".  Van Rensburg's affidavit said that after LMS's
board voted not to pursue the merger, Botha threatened to "liquidate" the scheme
or alternatively to "place it under curatorship".  The court papers also contain
various allegations that Masobe and Botha held "inappropriate" meetings with at
least four LMS trustees to discuss the proposed merger between Spectramed and
LMS.  In an affidavit, Liberty Medical Schemes vice-chairperson Christine
Kinsman said: "It is inappropriate for Masobe to approach individual trustees of
the board of trustees in such a manner when he knows that the board of trustees
unanimously voted to discontinue the amalgamation discussions ... These
approaches are nothing less than active attempts to undermine the functioning
and good corporate governance of the Liberty Medical Scheme's board of
trustees."  Masobe and Botha said the meetings were not improper and that as the
administrator of the schemes they had to meet with trustees in the ordinary
course of business.  "All meetings with trustees have been openly scheduled and
there is nothing improper about them," said Botha and Masobe.  Pienaar and
Jacques this week declined to comment. Van Rensburg said: "We are delighted with
the court's decision. It seems from the affidavits filed that Dr Botha and his
colleagues are the culprits with unlawful attempts to influence the board of
trustees to further their commercial interest to the detriment of the members of
Liberty Medical Scheme."  Inappropriate meetings Affidavits filed in response to
V-Medical's application to the South Gauteng High Court referred to meetings
between the chief executive officer of Liberty Health Holdings, Peter Botha,
V-Medical managing director Patrick Masobe and four board members of Liberty
Medical Scheme.  LMS chairperson Larry Jacques and vice-chairperson Christine
Kinsman said in their affidavits that Botha and Masobe had "irregularly"
approached four of the eight LMS trustees to discuss the merger with Spectramed.
The four had provided details of these meetings in an LMS board meeting on July
1 2010.  These affidavits said:

     ·     Masobe invited one trustee, Mike Mohohlo, to a 2010 Soccer World Cup
          game to discuss the merger between the Spectramed and Liberty medical
          schemes;
     ·     Another trustee, Catherine Zazela, was flown to East London for a
          meeting at V-Medical's expense (Zazela denied this); and
     ·     Trustees Boyce Mkhize and Terence Murasiki attended meetings with
          Masobe and Botha but deny anything improper about the meetings.


"Botha and Mosobe acting on behalf of the administrator of the third respondent
[Liberty Medical Scheme] were clearly interfering in the affairs of the medical
scheme," stated Jacques.   "The trustees who had not been approached by
representatives of the applicant were astonished at the disclosures made by our
fellow trustees at the [July 1 board] meeting. There is no legitimate reason as
to why Masobe and Botha would have been approaching the trustees on an
individual basis to discuss the Spectramed merger," Jacques's affidavit said.
All four of these trustees filed affidavits that appear to support V-Medical's
application against LMS.  Jacques pointed this out in his second affidavit,
arguing that the "only plausible explanation" was that the trustees had been
"induced by the applicant [V-Medical] to support the interests of the applicant
above that of the third respondent [Liberty Medical Scheme]".  Mkhize told the
M&G his affidavit did not support V-Medical's application but merely made a
factual representation to the court to aid its judgement. The other three
trustees said their affidavits were self-explanatory.  Masobe and Botha denied
Jacques's and Kinsman's allegations, saying the meetings were not improper and
because they were administrators of the schemes they had to meet with trustees
in the ordinary course of business.  "All meetings with trustees [were] openly
scheduled and there is nothing improper about them," Masobe and Botha said.
Mkhize told the M&G he was invited to discuss "corporate governance" issues with
Masobe and Botha and that there was "nothing improper" in this.  "I was asked at
the end of our discussion almost casually as to whether there were any reasons
or context, other than those stated in the letter to them, that led to the
decision by the scheme to terminate the merger negotiations with Spectramed,"
Mkhize said.   "I confirmed the reasons set out in the scheme letter as a basis
for our decision and that was the end of the conversation."  Murasiki said the
newspaper's questions raised some "non-accurate aspects" and refused to answer
them. He did not specify what these inaccuracies were.  Zazele said the
allegations in the M&G's questions were factually incorrect and V-Medical had
not paid for her flight to East London.  Moholo said he was not in a position to
answer questions and directed the M&G to LMS.  Judge Classen made no ruling on
any of these allegations about meetings.  Super-schemes -- an insider's view By
the end of this year, South Africa is expected to have 98 medical schemes -- a
huge reduction from the 168 registered in 1999, writes an industry insider who
prefers to remain unnamed.  This reduction results from the "super-scheme
movement" (as it is known in the industry) driven by a few interested parties
whose main tools are mergers and acquisitions to effect consolidation.
Consolidation is the response of medical schemes to pressures such as that
created by the Government Employees Medical Scheme, which resulted in some
people leaving private schemes. The looming introduction of the National Health
Insurance (NHI) will also have a huge impact on the private medical scheme
industry.   The schemes need to ensure they have sufficient membership numbers
and financial strength to remain viable.  Consolidation appears to be driven
mainly by the large life insurers, which have become increasingly involved in
the industry during the past five years or so through significant investments in
administrators, target schemes and mergers and acquisitions. Most of the major
life insurers are actively involved in the "super-scheme movement".   Medical
schemes are separate, independent entities, managed by an independent board of
trustees. The Medical Schemes Act very stringently ensures that there is a clear
delineation of function and responsibility between the scheme and any provider
of services, such as an administrator.  The Act also strictly prohibits the
meddling in or influencing of scheme or trustee affairs by the administrator.
This means that, for the administrator (read life insurer), tenure is limited to
the terms of a services contract, with a three-month notice period.   So, the
question is: Why would the major life insurers and their associated banking
partners be so determined to be a part of this industry? On the face of it,
there do not appear to be any compelling reasons to support their involvement.
But look at the future through their eyes. Medical scheme members are a target
population for life insurers because they are generally actively employed: if
they can afford medical scheme contributions, they are in the right income
bracket for life insurance and investment products (and banking products).
There is a view -- one actively encouraged by certain parties -- that when the
compulsory NHI is introduced, the legislation and regulation of medical schemes
will relax and this will allow people to choose other (more lucrative)
healthcare products over and above the NHI.   The "demarcation" debate that has
been simmering for many years revolves around life insurers arguing against
restrictions imposed on the sale of long-term health insurance products as
alternatives to medical scheme coverage.   Ironically, the NHI could be the
catalyst that loosens these restraints on life insurers.   But what would be the
impact of this on medical schemes when, inevitably, it would lead to the flight
of younger, healthier members to products where they do not have to subsidise
the older and less healthy members?  It is no secret that a major rift has
occurred at the Board of Healthcare Funders (BHF), the industry body that was
established to serve the interests of medical schemes and their members. This
was because the administrators -- read, in most cases, the life insurers --
demanded board-level representation at the BHF; and, as a result, several
members of the BHF withdrew. It is also no secret that life insurers prefer
trustees who are less independent.   Could it be that the scenario sketched here
provides a plausible rationale for the current scramble among the major life
insurers to secure a share of what they must regard as a future lucrative market
opportunity? If not, what does?    This is an edited version of an analysis
written by a medical scheme industry insider

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: A dirty war, including claims of a R1,8m pay off to the chairperson of a
medical scheme, is being fought within the SA health insurance industry.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    December 15, 2010 Wednesday 7:11 AM EST

LCQ16: Voluntary Medical Insurance Scheme for Civil Servants and Non-civil
Servants Employed by the Government

LENGTH: 830  words


Hong Kong, Dec. 15 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:

Following is a question by the Hon Mrs Regina Ip Lau Suk-yee and a written reply
by the Secretary for the Civil Service, Miss Denise Yue, in the Legislative
Council today (December 15):

Question:

The Standing Committee on Medical and Dental Facilities for Civil Servants (the
Committee) introduced a Voluntary Medical Insurance Scheme for Civil Servants
(the Scheme) in 1996 which serves as a supplement to the existing civil service
medical and dental benefits for civil servants and their eligible dependants.
Since October 2002, the Scheme has been extended to non-civil servants employed
by the Government and their dependants. In this connection, will the Government
inform this Council:

(a) in each year since the introduction of the Scheme, of the respective numbers
of civil servants and their eligible dependants as well as non-civil servants
employed by the Government and their eligible dependants participating in the
Scheme;

(b) since the introduction of the Scheme, whether the authorities have received
any complaint about the insurance policies offered by the carriers of the Scheme
from the participating staff members; if they have, of the number of complaints
received each year; and

(c) given that at present a total of eight companies are engaged as carriers of
the Scheme, and the eligibility of the carriers will be reviewed by the
Committee annually, of the criteria adopted by the Committee in considering
whether the eligibility of a particular carrier will be continued, as well as
its criteria for considering if a particular company will be included as a
carrier of the Scheme?

Reply:

President,

My reply to the three-part question is as follows:

(a) Since the introduction of the Voluntary Medical Insurance Scheme for Civil
Servants and Non-civil Servants Employed by the Government (the Scheme) in June
1996 till the end of 2008, each concerned carrier only provided a yearly
cumulative total of its approved policies, including those policies that were no
longer in force.  Besides, the number of insured persons covered by each policy
varied (insurances taken out by a staff member for himself and his dependants
under the Scheme are covered by one policy).  The Administration therefore
cannot provide the number of staff members and their dependants joining the
Scheme each year during the said period.

From 2009 onwards, the Civil Service Bureau has requested the carriers to
provide the numbers of in-force policies and insured persons each year.  As the
carriers would not distinguish whether persons joining the Scheme are "civil
servants and their dependants" or "non-civil servants employed by the Government
and their dependants", the Administration can only provide the number of insured
persons under the Scheme in 2009 and 2010 as follows:

Number of

insured persons

---------------

2009            2010

(As at October 31)

----      ------------------

Civil servants        44,060          44,203

and their

dependants,

and non-civil

servants employed

by the Government

and their

dependants

(b) According to records since June 1996, the number of complaints received from
staff who have joined the Scheme about the insurance policies offered by the
carriers are as follows:

Year                           No. of Complaints

----                           ----------------

2006                                   1

2007                                   1

2009                                   1

2010(as at November 30)                1

(c) Under the existing arrangement, the Civil Service Bureau is responsible for
co-ordinating the implementation of the Scheme.  Every year, the existing
carriers of the Scheme, companies which have written to express their interest
in the Scheme, and the 10 companies with the highest gross premiums for medical
insurance in the previous year in Hong Kong are invited to submit proposals for
consideration by a Working Group under the Standing Committee on Medical and
Dental Facilities for Civil Servants (SCMDF).  The Working Group will make
recommendations to the SCMDF for decision.  The SCMDF and the Working Group
comprise representatives from the Management and the four Central Civil Service
Consultative Councils.  The Working Group will consider factors such as coverage
of the scheme, premium levels and compensation arrangements as proposed by the
insurance companies before deciding whether to recommend to the SCMDF their
appointment as new carriers of the Scheme.  As for companies which have been
appointed in the previous year, the Working Group will also consider the number
of persons who have joined the Scheme with the concerned companies before
deciding whether to recommend their re-appointment.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government
Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2010 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                               September 16, 2010
                                  East Edition

OAP 'left in the cold' by energy programme

SECTION: RUN OF PAGE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 466 words


A PENSIONER from east Belfast has warned "you may be left out in the cold" by
the government backed Warm Homes Scheme -- designed to help those on benefits
keep their homes warm.

Mr Alex McPhedran, who lives in Castlereagh, contacted the Community Telegraph
last week in response to MLA Robin Newton's comments in our paper (September 9)
welcoming the Warm Home Scheme and advising people to apply.

Seventy-two-year-old Mr McPhedran said: "I want to know why the goal posts of
this scheme have changed and why those who receive rate relief can no longer
apply.

"Last year I applied to this scheme through Phoenix Gas who helped me to fill in
the application form and send it off.

"At first I received a telephone call from the Warm Home Scheme to tell me they
had received my form and that the benefits I received ensured I qualified for
the scheme.

"But seven weeks later, around June 2009, they called me again and told me the
goal posts had changed in terms of the benefits you needed to qualify for the
scheme.

"They said I couldn't access the scheme because I didn't have full housing
benefit, and that having rate relief no longer met the criteria.

"A lot of people like myself who own their own home are receiving rate relief
because we obviously need help in this area. When you are over 70 you get an
additional 20 per cent rate relief because of your obvious circumstances.

"I can't understand why we can't therefore have access to this scheme and why
the criteria was changed. I think this is something the older people reading
your paper should know about."

The Warm Homes Scheme offers a range of insulation measures such as cavity wall
insulation, loft insulation and hot water tank jackets to householders on
'qualifying benefits' who either own or rent their home from a private landlord.

A spokesperson from the Warm Homes Scheme said: "The Warm Homes Scheme, managed
by Bryson Charitable Group and H & A Mechanical from July 1, 2009 is a totally
new scheme with different qualifying benefits and measures to that of the old
scheme.

"Any customer details passed over by the old scheme managers were assessed
against new scheme criteria and where relevant these applicants have been
processed for any appropriate measures available."

Robin Newton, who is a junior minister in the Office of the First Minister and
Deputy First Minister with responsibility for older people, urged people to go
ahead and apply for the scheme which he described as a potentially life-saving
benefit.

"It's unfortunate that people on rate relief are not entitled to the scheme but
it is still worth applying as many pensioners will find they are eligible."

To find out if they qualify for the new scheme householders should contact 0800
988 0559.

The Warm Homes Scheme is funded by the Department for Social Development.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     October 21, 2009 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Incentive Scheme on Replacement of Pre-Euro and Euro I Diesel Commercial
Vehicles

LENGTH: 1125  words


Hong Kong, Oct. 21 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news
release:


Following is a question by the Hon Miriam Lau and a reply by the Secretary for
the Environment, Mr Edward Yau, in the Legislative Council today (October
21):Question:Since April 2007, the Government has launched a grant scheme
costing about $3.2 billion to encourage owners of pre-Euro and Euro I diesel
commercial vehicles to replace their old vehicles with Euro IV vehicles, which
are more environment-friendly.  The scheme will expire by the end of March next
year.  In this connection, will the Government inform this Council:(a) of the
number and percentage of diesel commercial vehicles which have been replaced
under such scheme so far, as well as the total amount of grants involved;(b)
whether it has studied the causes for the consistently low number of
applications under the grant scheme; apart from the technical problems with Euro
IV vehicles as reflected by the trade, whether there are other causes; how the
Government will solve these problems so as to assist the trade in making
applications before the expiry of the grant scheme as far as possible; and(c)
whether it will consider the following measures, which include extending the
deadline for applications of the grant scheme and raising the amount of grant,
providing other support, relaxing the requirements of the grant scheme to cover
younger vehicles, as well as converting the remaining funds after the expiry of
the grant scheme to interest-free or low-interest loans to continue to assist
the trade in replacing their vehicles with more environment-friendly ones, so as
to maximize the effectiveness of the grant scheme?

Reply:President,(a) Since the launch of the incentive scheme for encouraging the
replacement of Pre-Euro and Euro I diesel commercial vehicles by Euro IV
vehicles (the Scheme) on April 1, 2007, the Government has approved 12,590
applications for grant (involving 8,697 pre-Euro and 3,893 Euro I diesel
commercial vehicles) as at end-September this year.  These represent about 21%
of vehicles eligible for the grant on the launch of the Scheme, involving a sum
of approximately $542 million.(b) The Government earnestly hopes that owners of
Pre-Euro and Euro I diesel commercial vehicles will make the best use of the
Scheme to replace their vehicles and improve the roadside air quality the
earliest.  Participation in the Scheme, however, is entirely voluntary.  Whether
vehicle owners will use the grant to replace their old diesel commercial
vehicles depends on their financial status and outlook on business prospects.
We hope these owners will make use of the Scheme to replace their vehicles with
Euro IV ones before it expires (that is, by March 31, 2010) so that the roadside
air quality will improve as early as possible.  Although there were different
views from members when our proposal to increase the licence fees of aged
commercial vehicles was submitted to the Council last year, we will continue to
explore different options to expedite the retirement of these vehicles.As for
the technical problems with Euro IV vehicles, we understand that the trade's
major concerns are the substantial seepage of diesel into lubricating oil and
the frequent regeneration of the diesel particulate filters (DPFs) on manual
mode in some Euro IV diesel light buses or small buses.  The light buses in
question involve two vehicle manufacturers.  When the above problems were
brought to the notice of the Environmental Protection Department (EPD) in April
2008, it immediately followed up on the issue with relevant transport
organisations and local sales agents of the vehicles.  The relevant
manufacturers have also sent their engineers to Hong Kong to understand the
problems encountered by the trade and make improvements.One of the major
manufacturers has improved the engine control units (ECUs) in its light buses or
small buses.  According to its agent, so far no further complaint has been
received from the trade.  The newly ordered light buses or small buses are also
supplied with the modified ECUs. We will closely contact with the trade to see
if there is any room for improvement. Another manufacturer retrofitted in early
April this year three light buses with new ECUs to minimise the seepage of
diesel into lubricating oil and the frequent regeneration of the DPFs on manual
mode due to the trapped particulates.  The EPD will continue to keep close
contact with the relevant transport organizations and vehicle
manufacturers/agents to monitor the actual performance of retrofitted light
buses and take follow-up actions as required.  Should the modified engine
control units be proved to be effective, vehicle manufacturers will install the
ECUs in other in-use light buses free of charge.(c) As for the proposal to
extend the deadline for applications under the Scheme, when the Scheme expires
in end-March 2010, the Government will have given owners of pre-Euro and Euro I
diesel commercial vehicles 36 months to participate in the Scheme.  As you know
that the scheme for pre-Euro vehicles has already been extended for one and half
years. We consider that owners have been given sufficient time to decide if they
will join the Scheme.  As such, we do not intend to extend the deadline for the
Scheme.  As stated above, apart from the current incentive scheme, we will
continue to explore different options to expedite the retirement of old diesel
commercial vehicles.Since the launch of the Scheme, 12,600 owners of aged diesel
commercial vehicles have participated in the Scheme to replace their vehicles.
Currently, the grant level ranges from 12% to 18% of the new vehicle taxable
values.  We believe that the amount of grant is appropriate.  If the remainder
of the funds is converted into interest-free and low-interest loans after the
expiry of the Scheme, we consider that the loans could be less attractive than
the current direct grants.  In fact, the transport trade can, through the Small
and Medium Enterprises Loan Guarantee Scheme and the Special Loan Guarantee
Scheme, obtain loans from the participating lending institutions for the
procurement of different business equipment, including commercial vehicles.  We
are therefore of the view that there is no need to set up another loan scheme.In
addition, we have proposed a series of measures in the consultation document of
the Air Quality Objectives Review including the early retirement of aged or
highly polluting vehicles, which include Euro II diesel commercial vehicles.  We
will take into account the views collected during the public consultation in
deciding how to take forward the relevant proposed improvement measures.

Source: Hong Kong SAR GovernmentWebsite: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2009 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 30, 2009 Friday

Saving grace of deposit accounts

SECTION: FINANCE; Personal Finance; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 2051 words


Many savers are prioritising security over interest rates when choosing a home
for their money. They should take advantage of the fact that switching deposit
accounts is a straightforward process, writes  Caroline Madden

IN LIGHT of the ongoing turmoil in the banking sector   from the nationalisation
of Anglo Irish Bank to the announcement on Monday that First Active is to merge
with Ulster Bank into a single entity   it s hardly surprising that savers have
become increasingly jittery about the security of their money. But are they
right to be nervous, or are their fears unfounded and their savings safe?

It s clear that many savers are now prioritising security over interest rates
when choosing a home for their money. According to a survey recently
commissioned by Postbank, deposit security is the main concern for 43 per cent
of all savers, and it increases in importance for those over 55.

This compares to 31 per cent of savers for whom the interest rate on offer was
the key factor in deciding where to keep their money.

Harry Slowey, a director at www.irishdeposits.ie, has also noticed that savers
are increasingly concerned about whether or not their money is secure.  Over the
last six months, it would be a question that is increasingly asked,  he notes.
I m not saying that they re not interested in return, but the relative weighting
of return against risk has certainly moved in the last six months.

While it is perfectly understandable that savers are concerned about issues of
risk and security, they should remember that guarantees are in place to
safeguard their savings.

In September, the Government guaranteed all savings held by depositors in the
seven Irish banks and building societies   AIB, Bank of Ireland, Anglo Irish
Bank, Irish Life Permanent, EBS, Irish Nationwide Building Society and Post
Bank. The guarantee covers the original capital sum deposited and any interest
that has since accrued. This is known as the Government bank guarantee scheme,
and it will be in place until September 29th, 2010.

The only threat to deposits in Irish banks would be if the State itself were to
default on its borrowings and, despite our escalating economic problems, there
is no suggestion of this happening. If one of the banks should close, the only
headache would be the inevitable bureaucracy of making a claim under the
guarantee.

Anglo Irish Bank may have suffered a spectacular fall from grace, but its
nationalisation on January 15th in no way undermines the State guarantee. In
fact, deposits and savings are further safeguarded by the nationalisation. Anglo
customers can get further information relating to the nationalisation on the
Department of Finance website (www.finance.gov.ie) and on Anglo s own site
(www.angloirishbank.ie).

In relation to other Irish financial institutions, the Post Office is a State
body, so the Government has always guaranteed all deposits there.

As for credit unions, deposits up to a maximum of EUR 100,000 per person are
covered by the Irish Deposit Protection Scheme (which is separate to, and
pre-dates, the Government bank guarantee scheme).

The Deposit Protection Scheme covers all financial institutions (and their
subsidiaries) that are authorised by the financial regulator to operate here,
which accounts for the majority of high-street institutions. The scheme
encompasses many foreign institutions, including Bank of Scotland (Ireland),
Ulster Bank, ACCBank and KBC Bank. Under the scheme, if you have deposits with
more than one institution, you are entitled to claim up to EUR 100,000 per
institution.

Some banks operating in Ireland are regulated in their home country. Deposits
with these institutions are covered by guarantees and compensation schemes in
their own jurisdiction, and terms of these schemes vary.

Rabobank, for example, is covered by the Dutch Central Bank for 100 per cent of
the first EUR 100,000 per person, while deposits with Northern Rock (which was
nationalised last year) are guaranteed by the Bank of England and HM Treasury,
regardless of the amount deposited. This guarantee arrangement will remain in
place during the period of temporary public ownership, and the British
government confirmed that the guarantee will not be withdrawn without at least
three months  notice.

Investec Ireland and Leeds Building Society are both covered under the British
Financial Services Authority compensation scheme, which guarantees 100 per cent
of the first £50,000 (EUR 54,700) per person. National Irish Bank s deposit
customers are now 100 per cent covered (regardless of the amount) by the new
Danish government guarantee scheme (similar to the Irish Government guarantee
scheme) for the next two years.

A summary of the level of protection available for deposits, broken down by
institution, is available on the Financial Regulator s consumer website
(www.itsyourmoney.ie). Details of the exact operation of the Irish Deposit
Protection Scheme are also available there.

On Monday, it emerged that First Active will cease to exist as a separate entity
and will merge with Ulster Bank to create a single bank. However, it doesn t
appear that the merger should be a cause of concern for its savers.

First Active customers, including those with deposits at the bank, will be
transferred to Ulster Bank and the same terms, conditions and rates will apply,
and deposits of up to EUR 100,000 will still be guaranteed under the Deposit
Protection Scheme.

A relatively new phenomenon that Slowey has seen emerging in the savings market
is that people are starting to spread their money across a number of different
banks.  If you go back 18 months, people were happy enough with one bank,  he
says.  Now what you re finding is people are starting to be much more conscious
of spreading their money around, and so the market has become much more mobile.

For savers with Irish banks this seems like an unnecessary effort, as 100 per
cent of their savings are covered by a cast-iron sovereign guarantee, regardless
of whether the money is with just one Irish bank or spread among several.

However, there may be circumstances where this strategy is logical, for example
if an individual is saving with an institution that is not covered by the Irish
Government guarantee scheme, and their savings exceed the relevant compensation
limit or guarantee that applies to that particular institution.

The good news is that switching a deposit account from one institution to
another is a straightforward process, and is generally less cumbersome than
switching current accounts which can have direct debit instructions attached.
It s a much easier process to effect,  says Slowey.  It s not a big effort, and
people, once they do it once, become much more aware of it.

Savers should take advantage of the fact that switching deposit accounts is a
relatively smooth, hassle-free process in order to chase the best interest rates
on the markets (see accompanying panel for more detail on rates).

What level of protection is there for my deposits?   According to the Financial
Regulator, the levels of protection in place are as follows:    Financial
institutions covered by Irish Government guarantee scheme:  AIBDeposits are 100
per cent covered by Irish Government scheme    Anglo Irish BankDeposits are 100
per cent covered by the scheme    Bank of IrelandDeposits are 100 per cent
covered by the scheme    EBS Building SocietyDeposits are 100 per cent covered
by the scheme    Irish Life & PermanentDeposits are 100 per cent covered by the
scheme    Irish NationwideDeposits are 100 per cent covered by the scheme
Post BankDeposits are 100 per cent covered by the scheme   (Subsidiaries of
these institutions are also covered.)    Other Irish deposit-takers:Post Office
Irish Government guarantees all deposits    Credit unionsDeposits up to maximum
of EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme    Foreign-owned
institutions covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme:    ACC BankDeposits up
to maximum of EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme    Halifax
Deposits up to maximum of EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme
National Irish BankDanish scheme covers up to DKK300,000 (approx EUR 40,000).
Irish Deposit Protection Scheme covers the balance up to a maximum of EUR
100,000. In addition, National Irish Bank (a subsidiary of Dankse Bank) deposit
customers are now 100 per cent covered by the Danish Government Guarantee Scheme
until September 30th, 2010.    Ulster Bank/First ActiveDeposits up to maximum of
EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme    KBC BankDeposits up to
a maximum of EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit Protection Scheme    Pfizer
Int l BankDeposits up to a maximum of EUR 100,000 covered by Irish Deposit
Protection Scheme   (There are other banks covered by the Irish Deposit
Protection Scheme. A full list is available on the Financial Regulator s website
www.itsyourmoney.ie)   Banks covered by schemes in other countries:Investec Bank
(UK) 100 per cent of the first £50,000 per person is covered by the UK Financial
Services Compensation Scheme (www.fscs.org.uk); Leeds Building Society100 per
cent of the first £50,000 per person is covered by the UK Financial Services
Compensation Scheme; Northern Rock All deposits held with  Northern Rockare
guaranteed by the Bank of England and HM Treasury, regardless of amount;
RaboDirect100 per cent of the first EUR 100,000 per person is covered by Dutch
Deposit Guarantee Scheme.

Rates: what the changes mean  SINCE LAST October the European Central Bank (ECB)
interest rate has been slashed from 4.25 per cent to 2 per cent. While this is
cause for celebration for mortgage holders, the flip side is that savers are no
longer getting the same bang for their buck.    Savings rates have come down by
and large across the board,  says Harry Slowey, director of
www.irishdeposits.ie. However, because there is such a strong demand among banks
for deposits, the rates on offer are still at a  reasonable premium  to the ECB
base rate.    If you went back two years ago, banks had alternative sources of
finance, from securitisation to capital markets,  he says.  Given what s
happened in the last two years, they ve shown a vulnerability in those funding
lines and banks are increasingly looking to grow their deposit base.  Therefore
competition for deposits is buoying up rates to an extent.   However, customers
need to keep their eyes open. Quite often, an institution will offer a range of
savings accounts   each with their own interest rate. Often, the default account
will carry a negligible rate; customers will have to proactively ask for their
money to be channelled into a higher rate option.   Until Wednesday, Anglo had
been offering a variable rate of 8 per cent AER (annual equivalent rate) on its
regular annual saver account. Regular savings accounts are used by people who
want to build up savings by lodging regular amounts each week or month. However,
Anglo cut this rate to 7.3 per cent.   Since nationalisation, market
commentators have been speculating that it was only a matter of time before
Anglo would have to reduce its high savings rates, so this comes as no surprise.
Despite this, its rate still tops the regular savings market, although other
banks are offering attractive rates of between 5 and 7 per cent.   In relation
to deposit accounts, where the saver deposits a lump sum, Anglo is also the
market leader, offering a rate of 5.5 per cent AER on amounts of up to EUR
100,000.   Given that the ECB rate may fall, savers could see further rate cuts
in the months ahead.  On the basis that rates are probably going to fall
further, people should be considering locking in their rates if they can,  he
says.   Investec is offering a fixed rate of 5.5 per cent for a term of six
months on a minimum deposit of EUR 20,000. Savers who are willing to fix for
longer may be attracted by Anglo s 5.25 per cent on its one-year fixed-term
account. The minimum deposit is EUR 1,000. However, before opting for a fixed
rate, savers must weigh up whether or not they can afford to lock their money
away for a set amount of time, Slowey says. Savers should check whether they
would be able to extract their money in an emergency and what the penalty would
be.    - Caroline Madden

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                     October 21, 2008 Tuesday 1:40 PM  EST

Farmers' and Fishermen's Pensions : Do they realise their objectives?

BYLINE: Report from Daily Mirror brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 889  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, Oct. 21 -- The month of October commemorates two significant
international days, that of children and of the elderly. These commemorations
within the same month were perhaps intended to highlight that while childhood
celebrates the promise of life , the elders are fast reaching their final
destination. According to the findings of a research project on the elderly in
Sri Lanka it has been stated that the population aged 60 years and older will
increase to 18 per cent by 2020 and to 27 per cent by 2040.

In fact sometimes when we see the elderly sitting alone on the porch of a wattle
and daub hut gazing out to the sea or the land that once provided them with an
income one is reminded on the words of Eliot ' We are the hollow men , we are
the stuffed me leaning together , headpiece filled with straw. Alas!' There is
no universal state pension scheme available to the elderly who are in the
informal sector. In fact almost 72% of the working age population does not have
any such schemes. In 1987 and 1990 the Farmers' and Fishermen's Pension and
Social Security Benefit Schemes were established by successive acts of
legislation in 1987 and 1990. Farmers and fishermen comprise 25-30 per cent Most
of them are self-employed, with income that is usually seasonal and subject to
many factors beyond their control. The objectives were to provide a minimum
level of social security and provision in old age for workers, who had no access
to other formal schemes. Both Schemes are administered by the Agricultural and
Agrarian Insurance Board (AAIB), with overall supervision provided by the
Ministers in charge of Agriculture and the Department of Fisheries.

The Farmers' Pension Scheme targets farmers whose main source of income is
agriculture including livestock farming, with some exclusions .The Fishermen's
Scheme targets fishermen. Both schemes restrict enrolment to those aged between
18-59 years. Both occupations involve hard physical work, but many continue
working beyond the age of 60 years. The objectives of this scheme were to
provide a minimum level of social security and provision in old age for workers,
who had no access to other formal schemes. Both Schemes are administered by the
Agricultural and Agrarian Insurance Board (AAIB), with overall supervision
provided by the Ministers in charge of Agriculture and the Department of
Fisheries.

In both Schemes, contributions are fixed-level payments which do not change once
set, according to the age at enrolment, and must be made twice yearly in the
Farmers' Scheme, and quarterly in the Fishermen's Scheme. They range from Rs.
260/= per year if enrolling at age 18 to Rs. 1,380/= per year if enrolling at
age 59. To receive the final benefits, members make all contributions, although
considerable leeway is provided for defaulters to make good their payment
history. Members must maintain contributions up to the age of 60 years, when
they are entitled to receive a pension.

The major benefit in both schemes is the pension, in addition to which some
disability benefits such as gratuity and disability pensions are provided. The
pension is a monthly payment, the level of which is fixed at the time of
enrolment. According to the schedules in Schemes, the earlier the age of
enrolment, the lower the fixed-level contributions, and the higher the ultimate
pensions. In the Farmers' Scheme, the fixed level pension varies from Rs.
1,000/= per month to Rs. 4,167/= per month. For the Fishermen's Scheme, it
varies from Rs. 1,000/= per month to Rs. 4,167/= per month. Contribution
collection is decentralized, and has in part been delegated to other government
agencies, including the Postal Department. Both schemes mainly rely on field
officers or from government departments to collect contributions. Collected
contributions are paid into separate pension and social security funds
maintained by AAIB. Most funds are invested in deposits at state banks or in
Treasury Bills, with the AAIB required to follow the advice of the Finance
Minister in making investments

However both these pensions schemes have not had the response expected, the
Farmers' Scheme has enrolled 675,000 members out of approximately 1.2 million
farmers and the Fishermen's Scheme only 48,000 out of an estimated eligible
115,000 In addition, approximately 30-40 per cent of members in both schemes
have defaulted. Since farmers and fishermen are often low and irregular income
earners they find it difficult to contribute regularly.

Since it is imperative that the elderly have at least a basic income to survive,
it may be necessary to review these schemes and create greater awareness and
publicity of their benefits to elders especially in view of the changing
economic and traditional conditions for after all from where could an old man
get even the Rs 10 he needs to buy some betel ? Further the collection of the
contributions should be streamlined and a specific officer appointed to the
Divisional Secretariat who should make the necessary arrangements for
collections. The cost of living and the prevailing inflation should be reflected
in the payments made to the contributors It appears that at present only a half
hearted attempt is made to popularize these schemes which are in a sense
essential.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror.

-852516

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2008 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             October 6, 2008 Monday

Iran MPs urge for law to legalise economic change scheme

LENGTH: 1028 words


Text of report by moderate reformist Iranian daily Mardom-Salari website

Text of unattributed report headlined "The first report on economic changes
scheme to be published soon by the special committee" published by Iranian
newspaper Mardom Salari on 20 September

While the government has almost started the implementation of the economic
change scheme and in its first phase, it is collecting the household statistics,
the Majlis is trying to affect the implementation of this scheme by forming a
special committee.

The Majlis speaker has openly announced that the scheme needs a law while the
president and the government have frequently announced that they have all laws
needed for implementation of the scheme.

Accordingly, a member of the special committee for the economic change scheme
has announced that the first report by the special committee will be published
soon.

Mofatteh said: "The economic change scheme will become a reasonable and
sophisticated scheme by being studied by the experts of the government and the
Majlis so that the valuable and good targets of the scheme would be realized
with minimum cost."

Mohammad Mehdi Mofatteh, in an interview with ISNA emphasized on the regular
monthly report by the special committee on the economic change scheme and added:
"The first report of the special committee's performance that includes September
21, will be published by the 22 September."

The member of the special committee, said the main performance of the committee
had been listening to the views of government's work groups and the governmental
and non-governmental economic experts and noted: "The agenda for all change
scheme committee's meetings has been hearing the report on the performance of
the government including the basics of the scheme, studies conducted by
government work groups and their adjustment with the international experiences
and the way to implement them on one hand, and on the other hand hearing the
views of economic and non-governmental experts. The report of above will be
presented to the public and the MPs on 22 September."

MP from Razan informed about the bill on making the subsidies target oriented in
the economic change scheme by the government in near future and added: "The
economic change needs new law. For instance, in the comprehensive law on welfare
and social security, the payment of subsidies is subject to the Majlis approval.
Although Majlis has assigned the government with the task of making subsidies
target oriented in general as per the fourth development plan but the
implementation of many of the plan's laws is subject to further laws to be
legislated. I hope, with the method at work, this would be done quickly and in a
good way with the joint expertise of the government and the Majlis and the
economic change scheme could become a sophisticated and elaborated scheme."

What is the source to finance the subsidies?

A member of the Majlis presidium said: "Giving the subsidies to a particular
section and leaving no share to other sections is not acceptable. This is
because the society should be seen as equal and naturally helping the deprived
strata can be implemented in other forms such as insurance coverage and medical
services."

Hojjatoleslam Mohammad Reza Mir Tajjedini, in an interview with ISNA, described
the economic change scheme as one of the big economic plans in all governments
after the revolution and said: "In view of the fundamental importance and
influence of the scheme in the economic sphere, it is necessary to conduct a
comprehensive and elaborate expert study on it."

He said: "Naturally, any haste and action without planning can create problems.
Therefore, we want the government to bring the scheme into the Majlis before
implementing it."

MP from Tabriz, Oskoo and Azarshahr, referring to the remarks by the finance
minister on paying the subsidies in cash from the second half of current year
said: "Where did they approve of distribution of subsidies from second half of
the year and how are they going to finance it? The scheme should come to the
Majlis and explanations should be given on these questions."

He talked about complete readiness of the special committee for economic change
and said: "The committee is ready to study the scheme as soon as it is presented
to the Majlis. However, if the government did not give the scheme to the Majlis
or delayed in sending it, then the committee would take action by itself and
draft a scheme for that and whenever the government sent the scheme, they would
be combined."

In response to the question if he agreed to cash payment for subsidies, Mir
Tajjedini said: "The issue needs expert study to find out its impact on
inflation. Naturally, the method of implementing it is important but we have not
reached consensus on it."

Of course, another member of the budget and planning committee of the Majlis
said: "The pattern of consumption will be foreseen by the economic change scheme
for consumption of all kinds of goods such as bread, sugar, rice, petrol,
housing, etc."

According to ISNA report, Ali Boroughani, added: "There has been no consumption
pattern for basic goods in the country and giving such a pattern can have an
effective role in the economy of the country." He said: "The first phase of
economic change scheme, after necessary studies were conducted, will be
presented to the Majlis as a bill in one month."

Boroughani, referring to the payment of subsidies in cash to low-income group of
the society said: "The cash payment of the subsidies, will lead to expansion of
complacency in some layers of the society and I think in order to fight poverty
and corruption, comprehensive schemes that have foreseen all cases are needed to
take actions accordingly." He emphasized: "Islam has considered nothing for the
human but efforts and labour and considers life as being based on labour and
production."

The member of the budget and planning committee said: "Article 44 of the
constitution also has been designed as per the same principle and if we move
towards that point, everyone would enjoy the product of his/her own labour."

Source: Mardom-Salari website, Tehran, in Persian 20 Sep 08

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                          September 03, 2008 Wednesday
                                   e4 Edition

Medical aid schemes start recovering from huge losses

BYLINE: Louise Flanagan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 878 words


The good news on medical schemes is that the industry is turning around from
huge losses. The bad news is that nobody's tracking how much medical costs
consumers are carrying.

"On average, the industry performed pretty well," according to acting registrar
of medical schemes Patrick Matshidze.

He was announcing the Council for Medical Schemes' 2007/8 annual report in
Pretoria yesterday.

The council is an independent body that oversees the schemes, watching out for
consumers.

Although the medical scheme industry ended the financial year a billion rands in
the red, this was a huge improvement on the R2-billion deficit of the year
before.

"We are encouraged by the reversal of the downward trend," said Matshidze.

When the schemes' surplus funds were added in, the industry showed a surplus of
well over R2-billion.

The schemes are legally required to have a solvency level of 25% (the minimum
accumulated funds to be maintained), and although some schemes were below these
levels, the industry as a whole had a solvency level of 37,8%.

Matshidze called this "a significant improvement".

The schemes could thus afford to cover claims for up to five months.

There are 122 medical schemes, offering 282 different packages.

Discovery Health is the biggest, with 1,8-million beneficiaries.

It reported a solvency level of 23%, up from the previous year's 18%, and
expects to reach the 25% solvency limit by the end of this year.

The number of principal members went up by 6,5% to 3,2-million and, adding their
dependants, means total beneficiaries increased 6,7% to 7,6-million.

The growth of the Government Employees Medical Scheme (GEMS), registered in
2005, and Motohealth, formed last year from two motor industry funds,
"contributed significantly" to this growth, said Matshidze.

GEMS reported a solvency level of 8,3%, down from 36,6% in 2006, due mainly to a
rapid increase in members last year.

Across all schemes, the average age of beneficiaries is 31 years old and about
6% are pensioners.

Total spending by members on medical aids was up this year by 12,3% to
R64,7-billion, or R737 per beneficiary a month.

The council urges schemes to keep annual increases to within inflation plus 3%.

The amount schemes paid out for their members' medical care was up by 10,2% to
R56,3-billion, or about R642 per beneficiary per month.

Contributions by members to medical savings accounts were up 2,1% to
R6,3-billion, while claims to these accounts dropped by 0,2% to R5,9-billion.

The council doesn't track how much extra the medical schemes members pay for
themselves - the shortfall that the schemes don't cover.

The council wanted more information on this, said Matshidze.

"This would give us an indication of the burden on members."

But there are hints that members are feeling the pinch.

The total spend by members on contributions doesn't indicate whether members are
going for cheaper schemes or options, but Matshidze said some schemes talked of
a "buy-down" phenomenon.

Spending on general practitioners (GPs) is down while spending on hospitals and
specialists is up - contrary to the industry's attempts to move the trend the
other way.

The schemes spent R20,2-billion on hospital services, up 12,5%, another
R12,2-billion on specialists (up 11%), R9,4-billion on medicines (up 8%), but
payments to GPs dropped to R4,2-billion (down 1,5%).

This means about a third of expenditure goes to hospitals - mainly private ones
- another 22% to specialists, 17% to medicines, but only 8% to GPs.

"What we have here is a trend towards reduced utilisation of GPs and dentistry
services," said Matshidze.

Both the amount spent on visits to GPs and the number of visits dropped.

This could be because some beneficiaries go directly to specialists, sometimes
unnecessarily, without GP referrals.

It's also possibly because members opt for hospitalisation (with higher benefit
limits than GP visits) to ensure that schemes foot the bill.

Matshidze said he "would not be surprised" if this was happening, and the
council was concerned that the way benefits were presented could be promoting
in-hospital over out-of-hospital treatment.

The schemes spent R8,3-billion on non-healthcare costs, including
administration, up by 7,3%, although this rate of increase was nearly halved
after membership and inflation increases were factored in.

The restricted schemes (linked to specific employers) spent about R50 per
beneficiary per month on admin costs, and the open schemes spent about R80.

"We remain extremely concerned about the high administration costs of some
schemes," said Matshidze.

"Maybe, just maybe, there might be stabilisation of the non-healthcare
expenditure," he added.

Matshidze said there was no clear link between the size of a scheme and the
admin costs, with no apparent economies of scale.

"In this game, size doesn't matter."

Broker costs raised concern, with broker commission up 8% to R976,7-million, or
nearly 14% of the non-health expenditure.

Matshidze said this was not related to the increase in membership, as GEMS and
Motohealth don't use brokers, and the council was concerned about possible
over-compensation for brokers and "irresponsible" allocation of members to
brokers.

The council also deals with complaints against schemes.

"Unpaid accounts still top the charts," said Matshidze.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday

New Ways On Pension Schemes

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 348 words


AS a result of uncertainty of improvements in life expectancy, the predicted
credit crunch and the volatility of scheme funding, employers and trustees are
increasingly looking for new ways to manage final salary pension scheme risks.

This has led to a number of initiatives:

Contingent assets   This term describes a number of different arrangements which
can be put into place in respect of a scheme to provide additional comfort for
the trustees against the risk of the sponsoring employer's insolvency. The most
common types are group company guarantees, charges over property, money in an
escrow account or letters of credit.

Alternative pension arrangements   In order to minimise future risk exposure, a
large number of employers have replaced existing defined benefit schemes with
alternative schemes such as career average schemes, risk sharing arrangements or
money purchase arrangements.

Liability-driven investment   The volatility in the value of pension scheme
liabilities and the impact that this can have on a scheme's funding position
(and the sponsoring employer's balance sheet), has led many schemes to adopt an
investment strategy which is more closely matched to the nature of the scheme's
liabilities   this is known as liability-driven investment (LDI). The key
requirement of LDI is that investment returns exceed the growth of a scheme's
liabilities, so removing the volatility in a scheme's funding position and
avoiding sharp increases in a pension scheme's deficit.

Buy-outs   These represent the ultimate form of risk management in that they
offer employers and trustees the chance to offload their pension scheme
liabilities and to eliminate the risks associated with funding members'
benefits.

Those who consider these options need to ensure that any solution represents the
best option for their scheme and they are not just following the pack. The task
for employers and trustees is to decide what solutions are best for their scheme
and how much risk they are prepared to take.

Asmah Baig is a Solicitor in the Pension Law Team at Dickinson Dees LLP.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                             March 19, 2006 Sunday

Pensions: the case against the Government John Greenwood outlines the
Parliamentary Ombudsman's indictment of the Government's maladministration of
occupational pension schemes - and its defence against the charge

BYLINE: JOHN GREENWOOD

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1356 words


In her no holds barred report, Ann Abraham, the Parliamentary Ombudsman,
uncovers evidence of suffering, distress and despair about the future among
pension scheme members who had relied on government information when making
choices about their pension provision.

She gives clear recommendations that pension scheme members be compensated both
for their financial losses and for the personal distress and uncertainty they
have suffered since finding out that their pensions had disappeared.

But the Government is not bound by the Ombudsman's ruling, and says it will do
nothing for the 85,000 people who lost all or part of their pensions in a wave
of scheme collapses over the past eight years.

This is what Abraham's report uncovered and the Government's arguments for why
it is not to blame.

Abraham's verdict: the leaflets

OFFICIAL information about how much protection final salary pension schemes
received from the government-imposed minimum funding requirement (MFR) was
"inaccurate, incomplete, largely inconsistent and potentially misleading,'' says
the Ombudsman.

Government leaflets wrongly told workers they would receive the full value of
their pension rights if their scheme was wound up.

For 10 years the Government ignored warnings from pensions experts that workers
could be misled into believing their pensions were safe if they were funded in
accordance with the MFR. The Ombudsman says that government leaflets headed "how
do I know my money is safe?'' failed to mention the most significant factor of
all - that a pension was only as secure as the employer sponsoring the scheme.

Abraham says: "We have uncovered evidence of real suffering, distress and
uncertainty about the future among pension scheme members and their families who
had relied on government information when making choices about their future
pension provision.''

Government response

THE Department for Work & Pensions (DWP) says government leaflets were meant to
be only "simple and introductory''. Stephen Timms, the pensions minister, says:
"The leaflets did not claim to offer comprehensive financial advice.''

Timms also claims that there was no proof that all 85,000 people who lost their
pensions had actually read the leaflets. He adds that the responsibility for
telling scheme members about the potential risks if their employer went bust
rested with trustees and their professional advisers.

He also claims that even for those who had read the leaflets there was no
evidence that they would have saved any differently if the leaflets had been
correct.

Verdict: the MFR

IN 1995 the Government told actuaries to devise scheme safeguards that would
give members only an "even chance'' of getting their pension if their employer
went bust.

The Government later weakened the MFR even more, on two separate occasions, with
the result that schemes could hold far less cash than was needed to cover all
their liabilities - a bare minimum that proved fatally low for the 85,000 who
lost all or some of their pensions when their firms became insolvent.

Abraham also found that ministers never properly informed the public that the
security of final salary schemes had been reduced.

Response

THE DWP says it is not responsible for the catastrophic effects of the weakening
of the MFR because it made the changes on the professional advice of the
Government Actuary's Department and external professional actuaries.

Timms says: "The Government did what the experts, both within and outside
government, recommended it to do.''

Defending the Government's failure to warn the public that the MFR did not
guarantee that their pension was safe, Timms argues that it was down to the
scheme's own professional advisers to do the job. He says: "Even if individual
scheme members did not understand the limitations of the MFR then the actuary
appointed to each scheme did, and should have warned members.''

Verdict: redress

THE Government's disastrous handling of the regulation of occupational pension
schemes led directly to thousands of people suffering financial hardship.

Abraham recommends that all 85,000 people whose schemes went bust between 1997
and 2005 should be compensated in full.

She adds that the Government should apologise to those whose retirement plans
are in tatters because of the series of errors for which it is responsible and
should compensate them for the distress, outrage, inconvenience and uncertainty
they have endured.

Response

THE Government rejects calls for compensation, the cost of which is estimated at
between pounds 5bn and pounds 15bn over the next 40 years, saying it was never
the case that the taxpayer had agreed to underwrite private sector final salary
pension schemes.

It says responsibility for the losses lies with the now defunct companies that
were wound up and the schemes' trustees and their advisers.

The Ombudsman retorts that this view contradicts statements from a number of
government bodies that say it is the employer, not trustees, that bears the risk
associated with investment decisions. Timms says: "For the report to assert that
the taxpayer should make good all such losses, however they arose, is a huge and
unsustainable leap of logic.''

What happens next?

THE Ombudsman's findings are not binding on the Government, but the Public
Administration Select Committee, a cross-party group of MPs, can call ministers
to explain why they are rejecting its findings.

Tony Wright, who chairs the committee, has indicated that it would ask the
Government to explain its position and call on it to review its decision not to
accept the Ombudsman's recommendations.

What happens to victims in the meantime?

LAST YEAR the Government's Financial Assistance Scheme started operating. The
scheme has set aside pounds 20m a year to bail out the oldest victims among the
85,000 people who lost their pensions between 1997 and 2005. But to date only 27
of the 15,000 people eligible for payments have received anything from it.

The FAS project has come under fire for excluding the vast majority of those who
have lost their pensions. This is because it pays out only to those who were
within three year of retirement on May 14 2004.

People such as John Benson (see Page 3), who is 62 and paid into his now closed
company scheme for 35 years, are excluded from the FAS on the basis that they
have some of their working life ahead of them - just three years in John's case
- and therefore have some opportunity to build a new pension pot.

For the lucky few who are eligible for the FAS, payments are 80 per cent of what
the individual would have got from their scheme, up to a maximum of pounds
12,000 year, with no inflation proofing. Anyone with a pension of under pounds
10 a week is excluded from the scheme.

The Government has said it will review eligibility for the FAS in 2008, although
Tony Blair said that the review might be brought forward.

How are schemes protected now?

THE failure of the 400 final salary pension schemes that are the subject of the
Ombudsman's report forced the Government to act to prevent further collapses,
and it set up an insurance scheme - the Pension Protection Fund - in April 2005
to protect final salary schemes. The demise of MG Rover, the car maker, came
just two days after the scheme came into force, so its members are protected.

Now all schemes, whether fully funded or not, are required to pay a levy to the
PPF to create a cash reserve to bail out schemes that fail in the future.
Business leaders have criticised the PPF, saying that it forces successful
companies to subsidise failing ones, but the fund ensures that there will be no
repeat of the disastrous collapses of the past few years (unless the economy
suffers meltdown).

In the PPF's first year the levy will pull in over pounds 500m from company
schemes, equating to about pounds 160 per member.

The protection fund promises to pay members of collapsed final salary schemes
who have already retired 100 per cent of their entitlement, up to a maximum of
pounds 25,000 a year. Those yet to retire will get 90 per cent of their accrued
benefits to date. These payments are protected against inflation up to a maximum
of 2.5 per cent a year.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                November 3, 2000

Low sign-up forces rethink of scheme provider's targets

BYLINE: Enoch Yiu

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 514 words


Fewer than expected daily-paid workers have joined the Mandatory Provident Fund
(MPF) industry scheme, forcing provider Bank Consortium Trust to scale down its
expected share of the pension market.

According to a government paper presented to legislators, only 600 employers
with 5,000 daily-paid employees have signed up for MPF plans.

This is much fewer than the 190,000 daily-paid workers who were expected to be
covered by the two MPF industry schemes provided by Bank Consortium Trust and
Bank of East Asia.

The Government admitted it was difficult for the Mandatory Provident Fund
Schemes Authority (MPFA) to implement the industry schemes as the daily-paid
workers changed jobs so often.

Also, many of these workers did not pay tax and worried that the MPF would
expose their income to Inland Revenue, which would force them to pay tax.

"As a result, employers and employees may tend to delay or simply avoid joining
the MPF schemes altogether," the government paper said.

The MPF schemes to be implemented next month will require the 300,000 SAR
companies that do not have pension schemes to set up an MPF plan for their 2.2
million employees before December 1. With the deadline looming, the sign-up rate
is slow. By Tuesday, only 95,000 employers, representing 38 per cent of
employers obliged to do so, had signed up for an MPF plan.

There are 48 MPF master schemes tailor-made for the approximately two million
monthly-paid workers, while the industry schemes are made for the estimated
190,000 daily-paid workers in the catering and construction sectors.

Bank Consortium Trust chairman Bernard Charnwut Chan said while the group had
secured 120,000 employees for its master MPF scheme, it had only 10,000 daily
-paid workers signed up for its industry scheme.

He said the number was higher than that in the Government paper as the group had
not reported the latest figures.

This is only 10 per cent of what the group had expected. Yesterday, it signed up
with 11 restaurants and construction companies.

"We have to scale down our expectations in the industry scheme to secure about
40,000 daily-paid employees when the MPF is launched next month. As a result, we
also need to scale down our total market share expectation in the MPF market
from 15 per cent to 10 per cent," he said.

Mr Chan said many employers had mistakenly signed up their daily-paid workers
with the MPF master schemes. "Employers should be aware that they need to pay
more in administration costs when they sign up their daily-paid workers with the
MPF master scheme," he said.

The Government had waived many of the reporting requirements for the industry
schemes, he said. For example, employers signed up for the normal MPF master
schemes would need to keep payment records for seven years, while they would not
need to do so under the industry schemes.

The employers would need to issue a monthly statement to employees every time
they paid a contribution in the MPF master scheme, while they would not need to
do so in the industry schemes.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Photo: Wan Kam-yan); Bank Consortium Trust chairman Bernard Charnwut
Chan (left) and MPFA managing director Rafael Hui Si-yan.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              922 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            February 8, 2013 Friday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

SUPER RISK DIVIDES PUBLIC AND PRIVATE

BYLINE: GLENDA KORPORAAL

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 851  words


``IF anyone doesn't think super is going to be the red hot issue of this
election campaign they have rocks in their head,'' one super industry player
told me yesterday.

One of the crucial issues which has been highlighted in the current debate about
superannuation so far is the sheer inequity between people lucky enough to be on
defined benefit superannuation schemes -- which includes Wayne Swan (the $5
million man) and many members of the Gillard government -- and ordinary
Australians on defined contribution schemes.

The terms ``defined benefit'' and ``defined contribution'' superannuation may be
eye-glazing to the ordinary person, but they make a massive difference to the
financial wellbeing and the peace of mind of the individual, depending on which
scheme they are on.

Put simply, a defined benefit scheme is a guaranteed pension for life, often
indexed and often passed on at a slightly lower rate to the spouse when the
superannuant dies.

This guaranteed pension is usually a substantial percentage of the individual's
salary towards the end of their working life, in many cases their final salary.

How good is that?

No need to worry about changes to government policy, how to invest the money, or
whether the sharemarket has crashed or, in the case of those on government
schemes, whether the money will be paid or not.

Most Australians, particularly those in the private sector, are on defined
contribution schemes. They put in a minimum of 9 per cent of salary, with an
increasing number adding a bit more to the pot out of savings where they can.
But what is in that pot at the end of the day is what they have to retire on.
Its value is at the mercy of the stockmarket and the type of investments made
with that money along the way.

There are absolutely no guarantees that the person will even get back what they
put into super -- let's say if it was badly invested -- and now it is under
increasing attack from constant changes in government policy, including new
taxes on this hard-earned nest egg.

Defined benefit schemes were the norm for many years for people in corporate
superannuation schemes and in the public service. But with increasing salaries
and people living longer, they have proved so seriously expensive to fund that
they were all but abolished in the private sector decades ago.

The university sector is still wrestling with the massive financial cost of
those people in academia still on defined benefit schemes and state governments
are battling with the massive cost of those lucky public servants (such as
teachers) who are now retiring on ``DB'' schemes.

In the case of our federal politicians, the defined benefit scheme was not
closed to new members until 2004. Even then politicians and federal public
servants have superannuation schemes that are more generous than many in the
private sector.

No one begrudges politicians or public servants a good superannuation scheme.
But it is the height of hypocrisy for the Treasurer and other Labor politicians
who can look forward to financial worry-free retirement to be constantly hitting
ordinary people in the private sector trying to save through defined
contribution schemes -- and worse, dressing it up in some form of class warfare.

A survey released this week by Towers Watson of 13 major pension fund markets
shows that Australia has the biggest percentage of defined contribution
superannuation schemes. Some 81 per cent of our pension assets are in defined
contribution schemes and only 19 per cent in defined benefit funds, most of
which is in the public sector.

In countries such as Japan, Canada and the Netherlands, almost 100 per cent of
superannuation schemes are defined benefit schemes.

In the US, the country closest to ours, 58 per cent of its total pension fund
assets are in defined contribution funds, with the rest in defined benefit
schemes.

The sheer cost of defined benefit schemes (think Wayne Swan, the $5m man, set
for a 30-year worry-free retirement) has prompted the pension industry worldwide
to move from these schemes towards more financially viable defined contribution
schemes.

But the fact that defined contribution schemes put 100 per cent of the risk on
to the individual is an issue of concern worldwide.

The OECD's working party on private pensions put out a paper in June last year,
raising the question of whether the pendulum of risk might be in danger of
swinging too far -- from having all the risk on the party paying out the pension
in the case of defined benefit schemes to having all the risk on the individual,
as in the case in Australia with defined contribution schemes.

There are real issues of equity and long-term policy involved, particularly in a
system like ours which is so skewed towards putting all the risk on the
individual.

Fat chance of that happening in the current political environment. But, in the
meantime, we need to put the spotlight on the generous, low-risk superannuation
schemes enjoyed by those politicians now putting together the May budget and how
they contrast with the 100 per cent risk situation on the shoulders of ordinary
private sector workers.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              May 1, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Qantas board takes stand in scheme of things

BYLINE: Geof Stapledon and Martin Lawrence

SECTION: BUSINESS; Opinion & Analysis; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 848 words


The law protects the right to own shares, write Geof Stapledon and Martin
Lawrence.

INVESTORS should welcome the reported decision by Qantas' board not to support
any attempt to let the Airline Partners Australia takeover bid lapse and be
replaced with a scheme of arrangement.

By insisting on a takeover bid rather than a scheme, the Qantas board has
ensured that Airline Partners will need the approval of 90 per cent of all
shareholders before compulsorily acquiring the property of dissenting
shareholders, rather than 75 per cent of all voting shareholders as required
under a scheme.

The two ways a bidder can take over a listed company are through an off-market
takeover bid under chapter 6 of the Corporations Act (the existing Qantas bid)
or through a scheme of arrangement. The scheme mechanism was used to effect the
takeovers of MIM by Xstrata, and Rebel Sport by private equity firm Archer
Capital, as well as the "mergers" of Suncorp with Promina, ASX with Sydney
Futures Exchange, and Tattersall's with Unitab.

There are some important differences between a scheme and an off-market bid.

A scheme involves a meeting of shareholders where shareholders have the
opportunity to vote on whether to accept the scheme. A takeover bid does not
involve a meeting of shareholders. Rather, the bidder sends a written offer to
each shareholder in the target company.

A scheme of arrangement requires court approval, but a takeover bid does not.

In a scheme, if the required majorities are obtained at the shareholders meeting
(and court approval is obtained), the outcome is usually that all shareholders
except the bidder give up their shares (in exchange for whatever consideration
was stated in the scheme documents). The bidder moves to 100 per cent ownership.
Importantly, even those shareholders who do not favour the scheme give up their
shares.

The required majorities for a scheme are 50 per cent of shareholders who vote,
and 75 per cent of votes cast.

In contrast, in an off-market bid each shareholder has the choice to accept or
reject the bidder's offer. A shareholder who doesn't accept the offer will only
be forced to give up their shares if the bidder reaches 90 per cent and triggers
the act's compulsory acquisition provisions.

The disclosure requirements for a scheme are not the same as those for an
off-market bid. Despite the differences, detailed disclosure is required for
both.

The difference in acceptance thresholds was highlighted a few weeks ago when the
Archer Capital takeover of Rebel Sport - using the scheme mechanism - was
approved by a very slender margin: 76.7 per cent of votes cast were in favour
and 23.3 per cent were against. If Archer Capital had instead made an off-market
bid, and garnered only 76.7 per cent support, the bid would have failed by a
long margin.

The difference in approval thresholds raises a significant policy issue. The 90
per cent threshold for an off-market bidder to be able to proceed to compulsory
acquisition is a high threshold, and deliberately high. In setting that
threshold, Parliament was conscious that compulsory acquisition involves taking
away a person's personal property against their will. Structuring a takeover as
a scheme has the effect of lowering that threshold considerably.

The Corporations Act indicates quite explicitly that bidders should not regard
off-market bids and schemes as interchangeable.

The policy of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission "is that
shareholders should receive equivalent (although not necessarily identical)
treatment and protection whether an acquisition is made under a scheme of
arrangement or by [a chapter 6 bid]. If those protections are equivalent, ASIC
has no policy to favour one legal method over another." ASIC elaborates,
referring to the adequacy of the information disclosed, the amount of time
shareholders have to make a decision, and whether shareholders are treated
equally.

Arguably ASIC, and courts deliberating schemes, are missing the wood for the
trees. While it is important to drill into details about disclosure and time
available to make a decision, there is a higher-level issue - the approval
threshold for a scheme is materially lower than for a chapter 6 bid.

Platinum Asset Management appeared at the court hearing in the MIM-Xstrata
scheme, and argued that the acquisition should instead have been structured as a
chapter 6 bid. Platinum also argued that the scheme documents should have told
shareholders that the approval threshold for a chapter 6 bid was higher than for
a scheme.

The judge rejected both arguments, adding in relation to the second that this
information "would not . . . be helpful". We're not sure many shareholders in
Australian public companies would agree.

The relative ease of securing a takeover via a scheme has resulted in schemes
becoming more prevalent. But, for shareholders large and small, this trend is of
concern as it reduces their ability to control what happens to their company.

Geof Stapledon is managing director and Martin Lawrence is lead analyst,
Institutional Shareholder Services, Australia

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

Swallow hard: just how clean is the supply where you live?

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


CARLOW: One outbreak of cryptosporidium bacteria.

Cavan; Serious e-coli contamination in 13 private group schemes.

CLARE: Ennis had serious breaches for potentially dangerous pollutants called
THMs.

CORK CITY: Excellent.

CORK NORTH: No monitoring in three public schemes, 18 public group schemes and
two private schemes.

Cork South: No monitoring in nine schemes.

CORK WEST: No monitoring in 19 schemes.

DONEGAL: No monitoring in four schemes and insufficient monitoring in four
others. Excess aluminium in Ballyshannon, Cranford, Donegal, Frosses-Inver,
Gortahock-Falcarragh and Lough Mourne.

DUBLIN CITY: Good.

DUN LAOGHAIRE RATHDOWN: Above average.

FINGAL: Above average.

GALWAY CITY: Supply may be at risk from cryptosporidium but council working on
this.

GALWAY CO COUNCIL: No monitoring in 30 group schemes and 30 private schemes and
insufficient checks in 204 others.

KERRY: No monitoring in 18 group schemes. Quality of public and private water
"unacceptably low".

KILDARE: Above national average.

KILKENNY: No checks on seven of eight public groups schemes. Excessive aluminium
in Mooncoin.

LAOIS: No checks for pesticides or cyanide or bromates which can cause health
problems.

LEITRIM: 18 of 22 private group schemes contaminated with e-coli.

LIMERICK CITY: Above average.

LIMERICK COUNTY: No monitoring in 28 public group and 11 private group schemes.

LONGFORD: High aluminium in Ballinalee/Edgeworthstown, Granard and Longford
central supply.

LOUTH: Above average but no checks on any private water supplies sending water
to public or commercial activities.

MAYO: No monitoring on 100 public group schemes.

MEATH: No monitoring for range of toxic chemicals and pesticides. EPA says
council must sort this out.

MONAGHAN: Below average, with breaches for chemicals. Arsenic has been found in
Clontibret supply.

NORTH TIPPERARY: Good.

OFFALY: High aluminium in Tullamore.

ROSCOMMON: No monitoring in 11 schemes.

SLIGO: seven out of 15 private group schemes were contaminated with e-coli.

SOUTH DUBLIN: Good.

SOUTH TIPPERARAY: Two e-coli discoveries in Galtee regional and Mullenbawn
public supplies.

WATERFORD CITY: Good.

WATERFORD COUNTY: No monitoring in 10 schemes.

WESTMEATH: Good.

WEXFORD: No monitoring in five schemes.

WICKLOW: Six out of 15 private group schemes were contaminated.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

How Brexit could shrink final-salary fund payouts;
Q&A David Prosser answers your questions

BYLINE: David Prosser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 1068 words


For the 11 million members of final-salary pension schemes, the Brexit vote
brings doubt over the security of their supposedly gold-plated savings. These
schemes promise guaranteed pensions to their members, but this depends on there
being enough money to pay for it.

In a final-salary scheme members get a guaranteed level of pension on retirement
from their employer. To pay for these benefits, the employer invests employees'
pension contributions, along with its own money, in the company pension fund.
However, these funds are around £384 billion short of the cash they need to make
good on the pension promises made to staff, and the gap is growing fast.
According to figures from the Pension Protection Fund, this collective deficit
rose by 30 per cent last month, as the gilt yields that underpin pension schemes
tumbled as a result of the Leave decision.

Will I still get my pension?

Not all employers are in deficit and the deficit is a measure of every penny of
pension an employer has to pay out over many years compared with the value of
its present assets, so it doesn't mean there isn't enough money to pay pensions
right now. The Pensions Regulator requires employers with pension-scheme
deficits to put in place a plan to return the fund to surplus over the coming
years.

Why are deficits so high?

The immediate spike is a result of what has happened in financial markets since
the Brexit vote. Most significantly, pension schemes value their liabilities -
what they'll have to pay out in the future - by looking at the yield on gilts,
which are bonds issued by the government. Yields fall when gilt prices rise and
because investors have flocked to safer assets with government-backed
guarantees, prices have soared and the yield on gilts is at an all-time low.

Even before the referendum, many schemes had sizeable deficits. Gilt yields have
been suppressed for a number of years - not least because the Bank of England
has been buying them during its quantitative-easing programmes to stimulate the
economy - and many schemes' investments, which include shares, bonds and
property, have performed poorly.

Some pension funds' "ability to underwrite pension deficits and risk taking may
have deteriorated significantly", warns Le Roy van Zyl, a senior consultant at
Mercer. "Uncertainty may be here for some time."

Should I be worried?

As long as your company is able to stand behind the promises it has made to
employees, your pension is safe - the deficit remains a purely theoretical
concern. However, even large and successful companies can fail. If your employer
were to go out of business it would cease working towards reducing the pension-
scheme deficit and leave members facing a black hole in the fund supposed to
support them in retirement. This has happened in highprofile cases such as the
collapse of BHS and Tata Steel.

What happens then?

The Pension Protection Fund (PPF), the government's lifeboat scheme, would take
charge of the pension scheme. Those already receiving their pension will carry
on getting the same amount of money, while those yet to retire will have 90 per
cent of their pension protected, up to a maximum annual benefit of £33,700.

So while the PPF offers protection, people yet to retire could will still lose
money - possibly quite substantial sums if they have built up large
entitlements.

Does the PPF have enough money?

That is a concern. The scheme is funded through a levy on all employers that
operate final-salary pension schemes, but the scale of the sums at stake is huge
- at Tata Steel and BHS alone the deficits come to more than £1 billion. Cass
Business School has forecast that up to 1,000 pension schemes could end up in
the PPF over the next few years and that they will be in a combined deficit of
£45billion. That would be overwhelming.

How do I know if I'm at risk?

First, is your pension scheme in deficit and if so what is it doing about it?

The most recent annual report published by the trustees to the scheme will tell
you. Second, how financially stable is your employer?

Is it trading well?

How does its balance sheet look?

Would it be safer to take my pension elsewhere?

For the majority of people, no. Despite the anxieties, final-salary pensions are
far more generous than other arrangements. If you move to another arrangement
you'll miss out on the contributions your employer is making to your retirement
funds, plus you'll lose the guarantee of a certain level of retirement income.
These are such valuable benefits that the government insists anyone transferring
more than £30,000 of pension savings out of a final-salary scheme must take
independent financial advice.

What about additional savings?

Many defined-benefit schemes offer the option of making additional voluntary
contributions (AVCs), which effectively buy you more guaranteed pension. The
alternative is to make additional pension savings outside your company scheme -
in a personal pension or an individual savings account, for example.

"If you're able to make additional contributions into a defined-benefit scheme
we would recommend this instead of starting a new pension arrangement," says
Patrick Connolly, a chartered financial planner at the independent adviser Chase
de Vere.

Should my company be doing more to protect me?

All companies have to make difficult decisions about what they do with the
profits they generate, and the pension scheme is one of several competing
interests - not least alongside the business's need to invest for the future.
However, there is concern that some companies have been overgenerous with the
dividends they pay to their shareholders, with their pension scheme suffering as
a result. An analysis published recently by AJ Bell, the pension-scheme adviser,
found that 54 FTSE 100 companies with a collective scheme deficit of £52 billion
have paid out £48 billion to shareholders over the past two years - almost
enough to close the gap. The Pension Regulator says pension-scheme trustees need
to be tougher on companies that are favouring shareholders over their pension
schemes.

Will final-salary schemes disappear?

Most final-salary schemes are closed to new members; existing members had their
benefits frozen at the moment the scheme closed and have been switched into
alternative arrangements. Expect more employers to take these steps in the
future.

Some companies may have been overgenerous with the dividends they pay to
shareholders

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Company pension funds are coming up £384 billion short of what is
required

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

Options & their implications

BYLINE: Team DNA

LENGTH: 479  words


Expert Speak

An in-depth look at some of the schemes developers use to attract fence-sitters
in the current market

20:80/ 10:90:10/ 8:92 schemes

The most popular schemes include 20:80, 10:90:10, 8:92 and 5:95 schemes. Also
known as subvention schemes, buyers opting for these are only required to pay an
amount equivalent to the smaller number of the ratio. The rest is funded by a
bank after it has approved the borrower's eligibility.

EMIs start either on possession or after such specific period as mentioned by
the developer.

Most projects offer these schemes in the pre-launch or launch stages, and they
are a good way for developers to raise money.

Insight:What buyers need to know while opting for such schemes is that in these,
most developers charge higher per square feet (psf) prices compared to the rates
offered in construction-linked payment schemes..

Without funding variant

A variation of these subvention schemes is the 20:80 scheme without bank
funding. In this, a buyer needs to pay 20% of the total contribution, and pay
the balance 80% on possession or after such specific period as mentioned by the
developer. This scheme appeals to investors and buyers not requiring bank loans.

Interest waiver for 12/24 months

In this scheme, buyers get a waiver of EMIs for the stated number of months (12/
24/ 36/ 48), subject to the loan tenure. A bank loan and registration of the
property is compulsory under this scheme.

Insight: This scheme should be studied closely by buyers - in particular, the
interest rates applicable after the interest waiver period must be ascertained.
If bank charges higher than normal interest rates after waiver period, customers
should ideally not opt for this scheme.

Lower interest rate for 2-3 years

Buyers opting to book a flat under this scheme get a reduction in interest rate
for two to three years. The interest rate on a housing loan is lower at 7.99%,
for a specific period as offered by the developer under this scheme, as against
the normal prevailing market interest rate.

Insight: Buyers need to ascertain the interest rates applicable after the
two-three year period. The catch here is that the banks could charge at
prevalent market rates after the initial period, which may inflate the EMIs.

Guaranteed rentals for 2-3 years

The USP of this scheme is that developers offer guaranteed rentals for two to
three years. This is a scheme meant to attract investors who are on the market
for income-generating assets.

Insight: Only  few builders offer this and it has been noted that the lump-sum
amount of 24-36 monthly rentals is actually a discount that the developers give.
This is a good example of how developers disguise discounts.

Apart from these schemes, developers are also seen offering waivers on floor
rise price and stamp duty as well as registration cost for limited periods.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      July 22, 2015 Wednesday 6:41 PM  EST

BENEFITS OF MINORITY WELFARE SCHEMES

LENGTH: 435  words


NEW DELHI, July 22 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

This Ministry implements the following schemes for the welfare of notified
religious minority communities under Section 2 (c) viz Muslims, Christians,
Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains and Parsis across the country:-

Educational Empowerment Schemes

i. Pre-Matric Scholarship

ii. Post-Matric Scholarship

iii. Merit-cum-Means Scholarship

iv. Maulana Azad National Fellowship.

v. Free Coaching & Allied Scheme.

vi. Support to minority candidates clearing Prelims conducted by UPSC/SSC, State
Public Service Commission (PSC) etc.

vii. Padho Pardesh- Interest Subsidy on Educational Loans for overseas studies.

Area Development Scheme

i. Multi Sectoral Development Programme (MsDP)

Skill Development Schemes

i. Seekho Aur Kamao

ii. Upgrading the Skills and Training Traditional Arts/Crafts for Development
(USTTAD)

iii. Hamari Dharohar

Women Empowerment Scheme

i. Nai Roshni

The details of the above schemes are available on the website of this Ministry
at www.minorityaffairs.gov.in.

Representations/grievances received from time to time under the Educational
Empowerment Schemes are addressed as per scheme guidelines and laid down
procedures.

The Multi-sectoral Development Programme (MsDP) being a Centrally Sponsored
Scheme is implemented by the State Governments/UT Administrations through
different implementing agencies under their control. References regarding
grievances/problems relating to implementation of scheme received by the
Ministry are sent to the concerned State/UT for necessary action at their end.

Under Skill Development Schemes, one complaint was received in respect of one
Project Implementing Agency (PIA) in Delhi under "Seekho aur Kamao" in April
2015 regarding non-disbursal of stipend and employment. This complaint was later
enquired by the Ministry and was found to be false.

Under Women Empowerment Scheme, no complaints have been received. Only
representations of individuals are received for their grievances which are
addressed as per procedure.

Under the Educational Empowerment Schemes, self-certified certificate for
religious community is acceptable under all above mentioned schemes w.e.f
2014-15.

Self attested certificates are accepted under the Skill Development Schemes and
Women Empowerment Scheme from the Project Implementing Agencies (PIAs) and
trainees.

This Information was given by the Minister of State in the Ministry of Minority
Affairs, Sh. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in Lok Sabha today. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

House that for a plan?;
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon gives inside scoop on the new home buying
scheme

BYLINE: MAGGIE BARRY

SECTION: SATURDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 40,41

LENGTH: 1310 words


the Scottish Government have announced a new scheme to help people get on the
housing ladder - or aid those already on it to move up.

Help to Buy (Scotland) complements the existing MI New Home mortgage guarantee
scheme, which was introduced last year to help buyers purchase a new-build home
up to £250,000 with as little as a five to 10 per cent deposit.

The Help To Buy (Scotland) shared equity scheme provides cash from the
government to help first-time buyers and existing home owners purchase a
new-build home from developers who have opted into the scheme.

The scheme has already begun - it started on September 30 - and is open to
anyone as long as the home is the buyer's only residence and they do not own
another home.

Philip Hogg, chief executive of industry body Homes for Scotland, which advised
Holyrood, said: "Despite the economic uncertainty of the last few years,
thousands of Scots are still looking to move.

"For some, this may mean upgrading with a new family or downsizing after
children have grown up and left the nest. Others could be starting out on the
housing ladder.

"These initiatives, together with other measures, mean that new homes offer a
huge range of benefits."

Here, Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon answers some of the questions posed
by buyers interested in the scheme.

David Cameron announced a Help to Buy Scheme at the Tory party conference. Is
this the same? No. This is different from the Help to Buy Guarantee Scheme
announced by the UK Government. Scottish ministers are aware that there has been
some discussion of the potential risks of the UK scheme.

The Guarantee Scheme is a matter for the UK Government and the Scottish
Government has no role in the delivery or development of that scheme.

In England, they have another scheme called Help to Buy Equity Loans. Help to
Buy (Scotland) is similar to this in some ways although there are important
differences. Help to Buy (Scotland) is available for new-build houses only and
is available now. How exactly will the Scottish scheme work? Help to Buy
(Scotland) is a shared equity scheme that will help first-time buyers and
existing homeowners buy new-build homes from participating home builders.

The scheme is open to first-time buyers and anyone who is looking to move house
and has sold their existing home. It does not support second home purchases or
buy-to-let investments.

If you have a five per cent deposit for a new house, the scheme will help
purchase the property by taking an equity share of up to 20 per cent of the
value of the house.

This share can be bought out at any time and you will not pay anything to
Government unless you want to buy this share.

If you are interested in the scheme, you should ask the house builder selling
the home who will then provide further details on the options available. All
buyers must also speak to an independent financial adviser before they can
submit an application form to one of the agents administering the scheme.

What is shared equity? Equity sharing allows a person to purchase their home
even if they cannot afford a mortgage on the whole of the current value.

The Scottish Government will hold up to 20 per cent of the ownership of the
house, which can be paid back at any time - usually when the house is sold, at
which time its value will normally have increased anyway.

What are the differences between this one and the Westminster scheme? Unlike in
England, there are no interest charges on the government equity share in the
Help to Buy (Scotland) scheme.

In England, there is a 1.75 per cent charge after five years, which increases by
inflation every year after that.

The Help to Buy (Scotland) scheme limit is £400,000 and no houses worth more
than that can be bought through this scheme. The limit in England is £600,000,
which reflects that house prices are higher in some places, like London. You can
buy back the equity share whenever you like - all at once or in chunks of five
per cent of the equity, known as staircasing.

In England, you must buy a minimum of 10 per cent equity at once. The
Westminster Guarantee Scheme announced at the weekend is different altogether
and does not involve equity shares.

Who are likely to be the main beneficiaries? Home owners and potential home
owners. The scheme will help first-time buyers get on the property ladder.

At the moment, lots of people who could afford a mortgage each month find it
hard to save the deposit required to buy a house in the first place - this will
help those people.

It will also support those who currently own their home to get on to the next
rung of the ladder and will encourage more house building. Why is this scheme
important in Scotland? Help to Buy (Scotland) will help people to buy a new
house, so will help house buyers. It will also help house builders as more
people buy houses. This will encourage more building, which should support the
construction sector meaning more jobs, helping the industry and the economy. How
much money is the government putting in? The government is putting in
£220million over three years. Who else is backing this scheme? The Scottish
Government worked with Homes for Scotland, who represent house builders, and the
Council of Mortgage Lenders to develop a scheme suitable for the Scottish house
market.

They will help to monitor the scheme to ensure it has a positive effect on the
housing market. There are currently more than 30 house builders and three
lenders participating in the scheme. How easy will it be to get on it given that
lenders, until now, have been notoriously bad for giving out mortgages? Three
lenders are currently supporting the scheme - Bank of Scotland, Nationwide and
Barclays.

Of course, lending decisions are for banks and building societies to make, not
the government.

Why is there no help for people moving to second-hand homes? The aim is to help
more people to buy a new home, which encourages building and helps support jobs
by stimulating economic growth.

For more information visit www.scotland.gov.uk/housing/help-to-buy Help to Buy
Scotland Example of Scottish New Build Shared Equity Home Ownership Purchase
price of new home £150,000 Mortgage obtained by buyer of £112,500 Buyer pays
five per cent deposit £7500 Total Contribution from buyer £120,000 Scottish
Government Assistance of a 20 per cent equity stake £30,000 = 100 per cent of
the price = 75 per cent of the price = Five per cent of the full price = 80 per
cent of the price = 20 per cent of the price When you buy through the Help to
Buy (Scotland) Scheme you own the property outright and the interests of the
Scottish Government will be secured by a mortgage (or a "standard security" as
it is known in Scotland) on your property. When you sell in the above example
you will receive 80 per cent of the selling price and the Scottish Government
will receive 20 per cent, no matter whether the price of the property increases
or decreases.

PARTICIPATING HOME BUILDERS ??Deveron Homes ??Scotia Homes Ltd ??Grange
Estat(Newbattle) Ltd ??Walker Group (Scotland) Ltd ??Story Homes Ltd ??CALA
Homes ??Pat Munro (Alness) Ltd ??Miller Homes Ltd ??Kier Homes (Caledonia) Ltd
??Cruden Homes (East) Ltd ??Merchant Homes Ltd ??Merchant Homes Partne&J Stephen
Ltd ??Persimmon Homes ??Charles ChurcDevelopments Ltd ??Ogilvie Homes
??Turnberry Homes ??Hagan Homes ??Bett Homes Ltd ??Dundas Estates ?? Mansell
??Places for People S ??Springfield Properties ??J Smar& Co ??Barratt Homes
??Tulloch Homes Ltd ??Highland HousiAlliance Ltd ??Lovells Partnerships Ltd
??Isis WatersidRegeneration Limited ??Screw It Just Do It Ltd ??Places for
People Homes ??Robertson Homes ??Dawn Homes ??Mactag& Mickel Homes Ltd ??GS
Brown Construction Ltd ??Urban Union Ltd ??Campion Homes Ltd ??Muir Homes Ltd
??David Wilson Homes ??Taylor Wimpey UK Ltd ??Manor Kingdom (Scotland) Ltd ??ARK
(Estates) Scotland& J Ballantyne Ltd

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 07, 2013 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 644 words


The trustees of the Government Employees Medical Scheme (Gems) are the
highest-paid trustees in the medical schemes industry, according to the Council
for Medical Schemes's latest annual report.

The report shows that Gems'|12 trustees earned R6.5 million in 2012 - an average
of R545 000 a trustee for the year. One Gems trustee has chosen not to be paid,
so the actual amounts earned by the 11 other trustees could be higher than the
average.

According to the annual report, Fedhealth Medical Scheme paid the second-highest
amount to its trustees last year: R3.5 million to 11 trustees, or an average of
R323 000 a trustee.

In terms of payments made per trustee, Spectramed had the second-highest
average: R441 000 a trustee for each of its six trustees. In 2012, its total
payment was R2.6 million.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme made the third-highest average payment: R402 000
a trustee. Its total payment to its seven trustees was R2.8 million in 2012.

Other medical schemes that were among those that paid high amounts to their
trustees in 2012 are:

u Liberty Medical Scheme: R3.3 million to its board of 10 trustees, or an
average of R334 000 a trustee;

u Bestmed Medical Scheme: R2.9 million to its board of 18 trustees, or an
average of RÂ£ 000 a trustee;

u Medshield Medical Scheme: R2.8 million to its 17 trustees, or an average of
R168 000 a trustee;

u LA Health Medical Scheme: R2.4 million to its 18 trustees, or an average of
R134 000 a trustee;

u Profmed: R2 million to its|13 trustees, or an average of R160 000 a trustee;
and

u Medihelp: R1.9 million to its seven-member board of trustees, or an average of
R275 000 a trustee.

Dr Guni Goolab, principal officer of Gems, says that, of the scheme's|12
trustees, four are government employees, three are pensioners and five are
professional trustees.

One of the government employees has chosen not to be paid, Goolab says. The
other trustees are paid R14 533 a day and are accorded|18 hours for attending
meetings and for the time required to prepare for meetings. Trustees attend
between|30 and 35 meetings a year, he says.

The daily rate of R14 533 was determined in a benchmarking exercise that
considered the remuneration of the trustees of the 10 largest medical schemes in
South Africa and the|10 highest amounts paid to trustees, Goolab says.

Mike van der Nest, chairperson of Discovery Health Medical Scheme, says that the
fees paid to the scheme's trustees are determined by a remuneration committee,
benchmarked by auditors and put to members at the scheme's annual general
meeting.

The fees include a meeting component and a basic component for holding
discussions with other trustees, he says. Trustees serve on various
sub-committees and attend multiple meetings throughout the year.

Van der Nest says that being a trustee of a large and complex scheme such as
Discovery Health is a demanding task, with some trustees attending to scheme
business daily.

Dr Monwabisi Gantsho, Registrar of Medical Schemes, says the Council for Medical
Schemes has decided to engage experts over the next financial year to study the
factors that affect the remuneration of trustees.

The experts will be asked to draft guidelines for schemes on how they should
determine trustee remuneration, and schemes that do not abide by these
guidelines will be expected to explain to the council why they have deviated
from them.

The Council for Medical Schemes is also scrutinising the remuneration of
principal officers, because some are earning "extremely high" salaries - in some
cases, in excess of R4 million a year. Bonitas's principal officer earned R4.8
million in 2012, Bestmed's earned R4.3 million and Discovery Health's earned R4
million.

Gantsho says that principal officers should not earn salaries that are on a par
with those of chief executives of listed companies, because medical schemes are
non-profit organisations.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday

LDA to launch operation against illegal schemes

BYLINE:  Khalid Hasnain

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 201

LENGTH: 445  words


The Lahore Development Authority (LDA) has decided in principle to launch a
grand operation against illegal housing schemes and their owners/developers for
fleecing the public.

At least 175 illegally-developed schemes exist within the territorial
jurisdiction of the City District Government of Lahore and the LDA.

In May last year both the LDA and the CDGL had conducted separate surveys and
identified 102 illegal housing schemes (52 by LDA and 50 by the CDGL). They also
informed the public to avoid purchasing/selling plots in these illegal schemes.

This year, the LDA's metropolitan planning wing again carried out a survey and
identified 73 unlawfully-developed schemes.

According to documents, the illegal schemes include even those developed only on
small pieces of land from 15 kanals to 40 kanals at the provincial metropolis.
Most of schemes have been developed on Ferozepur Road, Multan Road, Thokar Niaz
Baig and places adjacent to posh localities.

Officials say since the mushroom growth of illegal schemes is affecting the
public at large, the launch of a massive crackdown on developers and their
schemes is necessary to save the people from being fleeced.

"Last year, we sealed several schemes on Ferozepur Road and other places by
demolishing their entry gates, offices and infrastructure. But developers seem
to have learnt no lesson as they continue to involve in the monkey business,"
LDA Director General Ahad Khan Cheema told Dawn.

He said a majority of illegal schemes earlier existed in the controlled area of
towns or the CDGL. "Many localities/areas have been handed over to the LDA after
deleting them from the controlled area of towns/CDGL. The LDA carried out a
survey there and found many schemes developed unlawfully in areas such as on
Ferozepur and some other roads," he said.

He said since the LDA's metropolitan planning wing was watching the situation
very closely, he had directed officials concerned to launch a grand operation
against such schemes and their developers without any discrimination.

Mr Cheema said that officials would first seal those illegal schemes where the
people had still not started construction of houses/buildings on their plots.
"Since sealing operation at the populated schemes is a difficult task, we are
weighing others options to resolve such an issue," he said.

He said the LDA would continue creating awareness among the people about illegal
schemes through mass media.

"The LDA administration is determined to stop mushroom growth of illegal schemes
. We have directed metropolitan planning officials to take stern action against
developers of illegal housing schemes so as to save those being looted," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: Supply of contaminated water leaves people at risk of diseases

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: RAWALPINDI


RAWALPINDI, Feb. 7 -- Around 80 percent water supply schemes in Rawalpindi
region are providing contaminated water, thus leaving the people at the risk of
serious diseases like hepatitis, jaundice and diarrhoea. The outcome of the
Technical Assessment Survey of water supply schemes, conducted in the domains of
seven tehsils of Rawalpindi district, has revealed that water supply schemes are
supplying piped water for drinking and household needs to a population of 1.496
million.

The survey, conducted by Pakistan Council of Research in Water Resources
(PCRWR), has summed up that the performance of these schemes in terms of
providing water in an adequate quantity and of safe quality is extremely poor.
Around 38 percent of the schemes are presently not functioning. As a
result,nearly 60 percent of the total population remains unserved by the water
supply schemes. Talking to media, official of PCRWR said lack of proper
management, operation and maintenance of the water systems is one of the
critical issues of the water supply schemes in the district. Overall, 68 percent
of the total 148 non-functional schemes have been found as temporarily closed,
while 32 percent are permanently closed. The survey shows that the identified
reasons for the temporary closure of schemes are lack of repair of mechanical
and electrical components, missing transformers, breakage and damage in water
distribution systems, insufficient water at source and communal disputes on
collection of funds. These reasons are evident in 21- 30 water schemes. PCRWR
Chairman Dr Muhammad Aslam Tahir said water from 76 percent of the water sources
of the functional schemes, is unsafe for drinking purposes and water being
supplied from 75 percent of these schemes has microbiological contamination. The
quality of water being supplied to the consumers through the distribution system
indicates that 85 percent of the functional schemes supply water which is unsafe
for drinking and 82 percent of these schemes are supplying water which has
microbiological contamination, he said. The survey manifests that awareness
about the hazards of the unsafe drinking water and the importance of safe
drinking water is negligible. There appears no concept regarding use of safe
water for drinking purposes, among the general public and the managers of water
supply schemes. The survey has shown that 27 percent of the schemes are over 20
years old, 44 percent between 10 and 20 years old while the remaining are less
than 10 years old. Most of the schemes have used the pipes for the distribution
system, the useful life of which has been less than 20 years. PCRWR chairman
said that it necessitated a programme of rehabilitation coupled with redesigning
of water supply schemes in the district and the priority should be given to the
older schemes Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Government workers' medical scheme contributions to rise more than 10%

BYLINE:  LAURA DU PREEZ

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 638 words


The country's second-largest medical scheme, the Government Employees Medical
Scheme (Gems), this week announced an average increase in contributions for next
year of more than 10 percent.

The scheme says the 10.26-percent average increase for its members, who are
|government employees, is "unavoidably higher than increases of previous years"
as a result of its need to build reserves and its intake of a very large group
of pensioners earlier this year.

The increase by Gems, together with the 10.9-percent increase announced in late
September by the country's largest medical scheme, Discovery Health Medical
Scheme, means many medical scheme members will be paying in excess of 10 percent
more in contributions next year.

Other large open schemes that have announced increases higher than 10 percent
are Liberty Health, Medihelp and |Resolution Health.

Gems has been struggling to build up its reserves to the required level as a
result |of a very rapid growth in membership since the scheme launched in 2006,
and Gems's deputy chairperson, Christa Brink, says the migration of about 16 000
pensioners to the scheme in April this year was "a true test".

The pensioners have significantly diluted the reserves, despite the scheme's
size: it now has 660 000 members and |covers 1.7 million lives (members and
|their dependants).

The scheme has been taking on 6 000 new members a month this year. For each new
member, Gems needs to build up more reserves, because reserves are based on
contribution income.

Schemes are required by law to hold 25 percent of their contributions in
reserve. At the end of 2011, Gems had reserves of 8.6 percent, well below the
required limit.

In addition to the growth in membership, Brink says, the scheme had not
|budgeted for the 16 000 pensioners it took on in April, and they will reduce
the scheme's reserves by 1.1 percent by the end of this year.

The pensioners are former state employees who were members of Medihelp and
retired before 1992. Their average age is 82 years.

The state was funding in full their contributions to an option on Medihelp. It
is now funding in full their contributions to the top option on Gems.

However, the decision by National Treasury to move the pensioners to Gems in
March this year was expected to result in a saving for government in the
subsidy, for which it is liable in terms of an agreement with these former
employees.

Brink says these pensioner members came to Gems without any reserves being
transferred, and they have been adding between R20 million and R25 million |a
month to deficits the scheme has |been incurring.

Brink says 96.6 percent of these |pensioners are users of chronic medicines,
while 95 percent claim benefits on a monthly basis.

Brink points out that Gems's contribution increases for next year will be
applied to contributions, which have historically been low by medical scheme
industry standards.

The contributions paid by Gems |members are based on their income, and Gems will
adjust all the salary bands it uses by seven percent next year to ensure |that
most members who recently |received salary increases will not move |to higher
salary bands in the scheme's |contribution table, she says.

Benefits for members have been enhanced by 5.5 percent, Brink says.

She says Gems has submitted a business plan to the Council for Medical Schemes
outlining how the scheme plans to reach its required reserve levels.

While rapid membership growth can place a temporary strain on the solvency of a
medical scheme, growth in membership puts the scheme in a healthier position,
because the larger the membership, the more diversified the risk, she says.

Gems now covers about 62 percent of all eligible public service employees, and
55 percent of members did not previously have access to the medical scheme
subsidy provided by the government, Brink says.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

Central schemes come to a halt in South Goa?

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: MARGAO


ARGAO, Sept. 25 -- Implementation of central government schemes, including
National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( NREGS) and Indira Awas Housing
Scheme has hit a block in South Goa district.

It may sound strange that not a single application for the Indira Awas Housing
Scheme for the rural poor was cleared by the agencies in the five talukas of
South Goa in the last six months.

The NREGS scheme too has come a cropper, sources said, with even applications
for jobs under the scheme pending for months now.

Officials manning the scheme had no answers when quizzed by the District
Collector N D Agrawal on the strange situation.

Many applications were There appears to be a lacunae in implementation of the
centrally sponsored schemes. We have to ensure that projects are executed for
the upliftment of the poor, said Sardinha taking up for schemes pending for want
of funds, while application forms were pending in the accounts section.

This became evident at the District Level Vigilance and Monitoring Committee
meeting chaired by South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha on Monday It came to light
during deliberations that there's been no fund allocation order from the
authorities for the NREGS scheme. In the case of Salcete, funds meant for the
implementation of the scheme remains blocked for want of scheme implementation.

Moreover, an official pointed out the absence of nodal officers has hampered
implementation of the NREG scheme. Though the scheme outlines role for the BDO's
in the implementation, the BDOs have not been roped in till date, leaving the
task of scheme implementation to the officers engaged on contract.

Admitting that the agencies have not met with the set targets, Sardinha said he
has convened a special meeting of the Committee on October 30.

" There appears to be a lacunae in the implementation of the centrally sponsored
schemes. We have to ensure that projects are executed for the upliftment of
poor. I have called for a feed back", MP said. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Herald Goa. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: CDGL forms body Illegal housing schemes to be regulated

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Aug. 28 -- The City District Government of Lahore (CDGL) has formed a
committee to suggest measures to regulate illegal housing schemes.

According to a notification issued by the CDGL, the measure will help boost the
real estate sector.

CDGL administrator and DCO Noorul Amin Mengal has formed a conflict resolution
committee through a notification.

The committee, headed by Mr Mengal, includes the district officer of special
planning (focal person), the LDA chief metropolitan planner, the CDGL executive
district officer of municipal services, the Institute of Planners Pakistan's
president, University of Engineering and Technology's City and Regional Planning
Department (CRPD) chief and three representatives of private schemes'
developers, including Defence Housing Authority (DHA).

"A number of illegal private housing schemes are operating in the city of Lahore
out of which 102 schemes have been identified and publicized by the CDGL as well
as LDA," reads the notification.

"It has also created unrest and harassment among the buyers of plots and
residents living in such unapproved schemes. So in order to redress the
grievances/concerns of stakeholders, a conflict resolution committee is hereby
notified with immediate effect."

It says that the committee will examine the issues related to private housing
schemes and probe whether the violations made by their developers can be
regularized or not. The committee will draft necessary recommendations and
amendments in the relevant rules (if required).

Real estate experts say that the government will have to regulate all such
schemes as most of their developers have either disappeared or died.

"Now, the matter is between the authorities and the residents or plot buyers as
most of the developers don't exist," UET CRPD Chairman Dr Ghulam Abbas told
media.

He said illegal housing schemes were more than 102 as identified by the CDGL and
the LDA. He said in 1990 while writing a thesis for his MSC degree, he had found
113 illegal housing schemes, mostly in Shahdra and Kot Abdul Malik. He said as
at that time 100 kanals were mandatory for developing a residential scheme. But
developers flouted the rule and

developed schemes on less than 100 kanals without the approval of the
authorities.

He said at present most of such schemes had been developed by MPAs and other
public representatives as their developers had disappeared. He said he would
recommend examining all schemes and ensure the availability of necessary
facilities there besides allowing the investors and residents to do sale and
purchase of their properties if they desired to do so.

Association of Builders and Developers Chairman Asif Kamal held the government
responsible for the growth of unlawful housing schemes in the city.

"Government's negligence has not only affected the residents and investors at
large but also hit the real estate business in legal residential societies in
the provincial metropolis," he told media.

He said the government's ban on the transfer of land, granting approval on
developing schemes and purchase of land for schemes had also caused mushroom
growth of illegal schemes.

"What is the harm if someone legally wants to develop a scheme or purchase a
land?" he said.

He said the committee should also identify elements behind such schemes and
recommend action against them. He said the committee should also review the
existing city's master plan and recommend lifting bans on land business with
immediate effect in order to streamline the city's residential affairs.

Committee secretary Ume Laila Naqvi said the CDGL wanted to streamline real
estate issues through involving stakeholders. She said the committee will meet
after return of the DCO from South Korea on September 1 Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 July 15, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

Is your medical aid killing you?

BYLINE:  Wilma Stassen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 897 words


Private medical insurance is a luxury barely one in five South Africans can
afford and it's getting costlier.

Studies reveal that in 1981 a household with one working member paid about 7
percent of its income to medical scheme contributions. By 1991 this had
increased to 14 percent, rising to 20 percent by 2001 and 30 percent by 2007.

The average contribution for each medical scheme beneficiary every year has
increased from about R1 800 in 1981 to nearly R9 900 in 2007.

Indications are that medical scheme members are starting to resist rising costs
from their schemes.

Members of Discovery Health Medical Scheme recently demanded an independent
review of administration fees charged by Discovery Health and urged the scheme
to consider putting this part of the business out to tender.

Discovery Health Medical Scheme's administration fees were the second highest in
the country at an average of R102 a member a month.

With 2.4 million members, the scheme is also SA's largest.

According to its annual report, the medical scheme paid R3.2 billion in
administration and managed care fees to Discovery Health (the administrator) in
the year to June 2011.

The Council for Medical Schemes has raised concern about the proportion of funds
that medical schemes spend on non-health care items such as administration and
broker fees, and has urged medical schemes to negotiate better rates to have
more funds available for members' medical bills.

Professor Di McIntyre of the health economics unit at the University of Cape
Town says a large portion of funds is going towards administration and other
non-health-care costs, but that it is only one of many factors driving up
medical scheme membership fees.

"For years, medical scheme contributions have been increasing far above the rate
of inflation," says McIntyre, a health economist.

But because members complain when fees go up too much, medical schemes trim the
benefits to save money.

"So, for instance, in the past you might have been able to get a new pair of
glasses every year and now you can only get a new pair every few years."

According to Heidi Kruger of the Board of Healthcare Funders for Southern
Africa, health-care inflation is always higher than general inflation because of
factors such as the high cost of health technology and pharmaceuticals and an
ageing membership that is likely to incur more health-care costs.

By law, medical schemes are not allowed to make a profit, and all money
collected from their members should go towards paying claims and administering
the claims.

"Therefore, when a medical scheme decreases or changes its benefits, it is
because there is not enough money in the kitty to pay everything for everyone,"
said Kruger.

Blame

There is a lot of debate about why there is not enough money to go around.

Reasons that all agree on are the high administration and management costs and
the fact that people are using health-care services more frequently.

Medical schemes blame regulations such as the prescribed minimum benefits (PMB)
for escalating fees.

PMBs are a list of benefits that every medical scheme has to cover regardless of
the benefit option of the member.

They are set out in the Medical Schemes Act.

PMBs include the costs related to the diagnosis, treatment and care of any
emergency condition, 270 medical conditions and 26 chronic conditions.

In the private sector, health-care providers are unregulated in terms of
pricing.

"The fact that there are no |tariffs means there is an open-ended liability for
schemes for the set of prescribed minimum benefits which each scheme must
cover," said Kruger.

McIntyre agrees that medical service providers also contribute to booming costs.

"Doctors also have to generate income; so they might be doing more diagnostics
and procedures than are medically necessary," she said.

In a 2010 article for Equinet, McIntyre said often doctors had a stake in the
financial performance of some hospitals through share ownership or other forms
of financial relationship.

This might encourage higher levels of hospital care, longer periods of admission
and greater use of expensive diagnostic technology provided in hospitals.

The cost of medical care itself has also increased substantially, and Health
Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi has been critical of the private health sector in
this regard.

The price of medical care in the private sector is 10 to 12 times higher than in
the public sector.

There are three major aspects within this industry that contribute to increasing
costs.

The first is the lack of bargaining power, especially among smaller schemes.

"The smaller schemes have very little power when it comes to negotiating prices
for health-care services, especially with specialists and hospitals," said
Kruger.

"Hospitals have the upper hand because there is an oligopoly of three major
groups and specialists can charge what they like, because there is such a
shortage of them in South Africa.

"Unfortunately, public sector facilities are not in a state to compete with
private hospitals."

Second, schemes are not allowed to negotiate collectively on behalf of all
medical scheme members, due to the Competition Commissioner's ruling of 2004
prohibiting this practice.

The third, and probably most significant, is the system itself, says Kruger.

"It allows over-servicing, entrenches fraud and does nothing to align the
incentives between the funders and the providers."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                  May 13, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Film tax breaks face final curtain;
Investors fear losing the perk after the taxman's victory in a landmark case,
says John Greenwood

BYLINE: John Greenwood

SECTION: MONEY AND JOBS;FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1201 words


Thousands of investors who have pumped billions of pounds into film finance
schemes face an anxious wait to find out whether a recent court decision signals
the end of lucrative tax breaks.

Confidence in aggressive film finance schemes has been shattered after HM
Revenue & Customs won a landmark case against a billion-pound tax-avoidance
scheme last month, leaving investors in similar schemes wondering whether they
will receive the millions of pounds of tax relief that motivated them to invest
in the schemes in the first place.

Last month a tax tribunal decided that investors in the Eclipse 35 film scheme
will not be entitled to tax relief, estimated to total £117m, because the scheme
was set up with the sole or principal intention of avoiding tax and was not
genuinely trading.

Under the Eclipse 35 scheme, investors, which included celebrities such as Sir
Alex Ferguson, put in a total of £50m. A further £790m was borrowed from
Barclays. Eclipse 35 then bought two films from Disney for £500m, which were
immediately leased back for around £1bn, which was to be repaid over a period of
20 years. Eclipse 35 also immediately claimed £117m in tax relief on the
interest that would be paid on the loans over the next 20 years. Had it
succeeded, the scheme would have netted £404,000 tax relief per investor, for an
original investment of £173,000.

The court said investors were not entitled to any tax relief at all because the
sole or principal aim of the scheme was tax relief, and that it was not involved
in a genuine trading activity.

Simon Gough, partner at law firm DLA Piper, said: "Investors in Eclipse 35 will
now be paying tax over 20 years on the licence income they receive from Disney.
A lot of people will have invested when the tax rate was 40pc. They will now be
paying income tax on the reverting income at 50pc. Some may well end up out of
pocket."

Experts said that while the Eclipse 35 scheme was one of the most aggressive
schemes around, the judgment against it would embolden HMRC to challenge other
film finance schemes.

John Whiting, policy director of the Chartered Institute of Taxation, said there
were no hard and fast rules as to which film schemes would be permitted,
although the aim of the scheme would be an important factor. "You have to ask
whether you are in an investment that might or might not give you a return, or
in a tax-driven scheme seeking to give you a return purely through tax relief
that appears guaranteed," said Mr Whiting.

"At one end of the spectrum are film schemes that are wholly artificial, not
trading and geared to create tax relief above all else for the investor. At the
other is those that are using the money genuinely to make films. HM Revenue &
Customs will be buoyed by this decision and we can expect its attention to move
to schemes further down the spectrum."

Thousands of high earners, including celebrities such as Jeremy Paxman, Anne
Robinson and Wayne Rooney, have invested in film finance schemes over the past
decade. Most of these schemes were entered into between 2004 and 2007, when
Gordon Brown attempted to stimulate the UKfilm industry.

Schemes typically run for 15 or 20 years, meaning many investors may find they
end up paying more income tax than expected for many years into the future.

Mr Gough said: "Those who are already in schemes will have to play a waiting
game. Some are still under inquiry and they may have to wait some time to find
out where they stand."

One film finance company not prepared to wait for HMRC is Ingenious Media, which
has put cash into films such as Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Night at the
Museum. Its 2003/2004 Inside Track fund, which invested millions in projects
such as Avatar, has been under investigation by HMRC for years over its use of a
tax structure called "sideways loss relief".

Under these schemes, for each £100 the investor put in, a further £200 would be
borrowed from other investors. When the fund then spent the £300 on the project,
the investor could claim a tax loss of £300 against their other earnings.

James Clayton, chief executive of Ingenious Media, argues his company's schemes
are legal and is taking steps to determine once and for all whether the courts
agree. "We have got bored of waiting for HMRC to decide our case so in January
of this year we took the step of referring the matter to the tax tribunal for an
adjudication. We expect a hearing within the next 18 months," said Mr Clayton.

HMRC has been targeting loss-offsets for years. In 2008 it restricted "sideways
relief" on film partnerships to £25,000, unless you worked more than 10 hours a
week for the partnership.

But the Government has been looking more favourably on the Enterprise Investment
Scheme (EIS) structures often used by film schemes, increasing the tax relief on
EISs from 20pc to 30pc from April 2011 and from this April upping the amount you
can save in them from £500,000 to £1m a year.

EIS investments, which can be in any industry, not just film, give freedom from
CGT if the shares are held for three years. Losses can be set off against other
capital gains and no inheritance tax is payable if they have been held for two
years at the time of death.

But just because a film scheme is within an EIS structure does not mean it is
guaranteed to be free from HMRC scrutiny. That said, tax advisers say film
schemes where there is a level of risk and where return is related to the
performance of the assets invested in are likely to satisfy the Revenue.

Nicola Horlick, chief executive of Derby Street Films, runs EIS funds investing
in film scripts that sit at the other end of the spectrum from Eclipse 35. She
said: "We are completely different to Eclipse 35 and those other film schemes
where you have to get a barrister's opinion before you invest. We invest in the
film at the very outset, providing development capital for new projects."

While EIS schemes are here to stay, more aggressive film finance structures
could soon become a thing of the past as the Government brings in an overarching
cap on tax relief next year.

Jason Butler, certified financial planner at Bloomsbury Financial Planning,
said: "Arguably of greater concern for film schemes is the implications of the
cap on taxable reliefs set to come in next April, when the total relief you can
claim each year will be capped at 25pc of taxable income, or £50,000, depending
on whichever is the higher."

This cap, which has attracted most attention in relation to its ramifications
for charitable giving, would have limited the amount of interest relief
available under the Eclipse 35 scheme for the payments on the Barclays loans.
There is, ironically, a "buy now while stocks last" opportunity for the next
year, at a time when confidence in film finance structures is at an all-time
low.

Mr Gough said: "Those thinking about doing new ones will only be able to get
uncapped tax relief for another year. But the risk of film schemes in the
current environment has increased to the extent that they are only attractive to
those people prepared to take on a risk of Revenue intervention and only to do
transactions they believe will stand scrutiny."

"The judgment will embolden the taxman to challenge other schemes

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Crackdown: Ingenious Media, which invested in Avatar, above, has been
under investigation for years, but Nicola Horlick, left, says her film funds
have nothing to fear
C.20THC.FOX/EVERETT /REX FEATURES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: Over Rs4 billion allocated for 'pro-poor' schemes

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, June 13 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has allocated Rs4.500
billion for different pro-poor schemes, to be executed in financial year
2011-12.

According to budget document, `Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Hunermand Rozgar Scheme` is
being initiated with an allocation of Rs1,300 million to provide employment
opportunities to skilled youth and reduce poverty and promote income generating
activities in the province.

Under this scheme loan in the range of Rs50,000 to Rs300,000 will be granted to
diploma/certificate holders from vocational or skill development centres at five
per cent markup.

A sum of Rs500 million has been earmarked for `Public Private Partnership
Scheme` under which the government will pay fee of all students of 9th and 10th
classes in two union councils of each district to private party for continuation
of education where there is no public sector high school.

Stori Da Pakhtunkhwa Scheme or stars of Pakhtunkhwa scheme is being introduced
to motivate and encourage talented students for which Rs50 million have been
allocated. The objective of this scheme is to improve quality of education and
foster spirit of competition among students.

Under this scheme, the top ten position holders in matric and intermediate
examinations from each education board will be granted Rs10,000 and Rs15,000
stipends respectively for a period of two years.

An amount of Rs500 million has been earmarked for the `BSc and MSc Nursing
Scheme` to improve quality of service delivery in hospitals and efficiency of
nursing staff. In this regard, the facilities available with Khyber Medical
University and Agha Khan Medical University will be availed.

The government has also allocated Rs500 million for `Pakhtunkhwa Morusi
Hunermand Scheme` for supporting artisans. Under this scheme, architecture,
music, tiles work, inscription and jewellery etc will be promoted.

Under the Bacha Khan Khpal Rozgar Scheme, being launched for generating
employment and interest-free micro financing of Rs20,000 to Rs1000,000 through
The Bank of Khyber, 30 per cent is reserved for women. The BoK has already
launched the scheme and applications have been received. For the purpose Rs1
billion have already been provided during 2010-11 and an additional sum of Rs1
billion has been in the current budget.

The government has allocated Rs300 million for `Provincial Youth Technical
Education Support`, under which diploma and certificate level technical training
is being imparted to 1,500 students in various market-oriented technologies in
the institutes of the province and Punjab. The scheme will continue for three
years.

An amount of Rs200 million has been earmarked for `Establishment of Call
Centres.` Under this scheme the potential investors and multinationals will be
offered attractive incentives to establish call centres in the province.

For `Benezir Health Support Programme-Treatment of Patients of Hepatitis-C`, the
government has allocated Rs500 million. The programme is aimed at providing free
treatment to poor patients suffering from hepatitis-c.

In the budget allocations have also made for two social welfare schemes, which
were initiated by the former MMA government. The first scheme is `Stipends to
Unemployed Postgraduates` for which Rs39.6 million have been allocated.

The second scheme is `Subsistence Allowance to Senior Citizens`, for which Rs10
million have been earmarked. This scheme has been launched in three districts -
Shangla, Battagram and Kohistan - where government has initiated monthly stipend
scheme at a rate of Rs500 per month for senior citizen Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 19, 2010 Friday

Pakistan: FWO abandons housing project over legal wrangle

LENGTH: 1071  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Feb. 19 -- THE Frontier Works Organisation's team, engaged in developing
the Avenue-1 Housing Scheme of the Lahore Development Authority (LDA) on the
Raiwind Road, has left the project due to the ongoing litigation between the
authority and stakeholders.According to our correspondent, sources told the
delay of about four years in the completion of the mega project, launched for
providing housing facilities to government employees, had raised serious doubts
over the performance of the authority, especially its legal wing, which took the
matter casually without considering the huge investment of public in the
project.When introduced, cost of the scheme was about worth Rs 3.5 billion and
it was scheduled to be completed in 2005. Later, the completion date was
extended to 2007 but in 2010 the fate of over 10,000 allottees was still hanging
in balance.To complete the work steadily, the LDA had engaged the Frontier Works
Organisation (FWO) in development work of the scheme. The scheme comprised over
4,906 plots of one kanal and 6,077 plots of 10 marlas. The LDA awarded the
contract to the FWO in the mid of 2004. Sources said award of development
contract was also delayed about a year and in the past no LDA official was
questioned about the delay.

They said that since its conception, the society faced various controversies due
to which the development work never gained momentum at any stage.The sources
said that the actual problem, which delayed the completion of the scheme, was
that there were a large number of court cases filed against the LDA. These cases
included legal suits by seven other housing schemes because the LDA also
acquired over 2,500 kanal of their land. They said the LDA had acquired 150
kanals of the Punjab Civil Secretariat Housing Scheme, 185 kanals of the Punjab
Board of Revenue Cooperative Housing Society, 360 of the Public Health
Engineering Housing Society, 350 of the Islamic Research Scholar Housing Scheme,
500 kanal of the Chiniot Housing Scheme and land of the EME Housing Scheme and
the Mumtaz Housing Scheme.Sources maintained that after the LDA acquired the
land of seven housing schemes, they also reached the court and got stay against
the authority's land acquisition and halted the development work. Sources
claimed that the litigation cell of the authority had failed in pursuing the
cases and eventually the cases remained pending in the courts. They said at
present there were a number of stay orders against the scheme and the LDA had to
activate its legal cell to vacate these stay orders to complete the scheme.Other
disputes which also delayed the completion of the scheme were illegal
encroachments and disputes over the increase in prices of plots, sources said,
adding that the LDA had announced the scheme in January 2003, asking for an
initial deposit of Rs 216,000 for one-kanal plots and Rs 108,000 for 10-marla
plots. The rest was to be paid in six instalments of Rs 54,000 (one-kanal plots)
and Rs 27,000 (ten-marla plots) each till October 30, 2004, sources maintained.
However, at the end of 2004, the LDA directed the applicants for plots to
deposit six extra instalments over which the applicants established a welfare
society and started expressing resentment over the increase in the price of the
plots by the authority. The welfare body also challenged the LDA on the ground
that the authority could not raise the price after starting the scheme and there
was no legal room for any such increase.Sources in the FWO said the
organisation's team, engaged in the scheme, had left work due to the long
standing and pending court cases between the LDA and land owners. They said the
FWO had completed the development work on the land, which was cleared by the
LDA, and FWO was not responsible for the delay in the project. They said the
FWO's unit completing the development work at the scheme was sent to Gujranwala
to complete another project. They said presently, the organisation was only
working on a drain in the scheme, which was a project of the Punjab government.
Sources said that in April 2009, the FWO authorities asked the LDA to hand over
full land, otherwise, the organisation would abandon the project. They said that
some four days back, the LDA told them regarding acquisition of some more land
in the scheme but the organisation refused to start operation again.Sources
further claimed that the FWO had also asked the LDA director general to visit
its office in the scheme so that they could brief him about the difficulties and
financial losses they were suffering but LDA DG, who visited the scheme, kept
the FWO officials waiting for him.When contacted, the LDA's spokesman said LDA
Director General Omar Rasool had already directed the LDA's legal wing to
vigorously pursue the court cases pertaining to Avenue-1 Housing Scheme.
Answering a question about the responsibility of the LDA's legal cell for not
handling the cases properly, he said several influential elements pressurised
the authority against contesting cases in courts. He said on Tuesday last, the
collector land acquisition completed acquisition of nine kanal land in the
scheme and handed over it to the LDA staff for completing the 150 feet wide main
road of the society. He said the authority had received a demand note of
electricity from the Lahore Electric Supply Company and the LDA would release
the money to Lesco within the next few days.Over a question that LDA recently
razed properties of people in the scheme despite the fact that they had stay
orders from court, he said the authority did not raze any disputed property. He
said only encroachments were razed.Over a question that the FWO team had stopped
operation at the scheme and was shifted to another project in Gujranwala, the
LDA spokesman said the contract with the FWO was alive and the LDA DG had given
a deadline for six months to the FWO for completing the development work. He
said the LDA was in the process of clearing the land, which would be handed over
to the FWO for completing the development process and the organisation should
complete the entire development process under the contract. When contacted, the
FWO spokesman said that the organisation was ready to talk with the LDA over the
issue. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 25, 2009 Friday

Pakistan:CM reviews ADP 2009-10 :Rs 45b earmarked for 1317 schemes

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 25 -- Karachi-The 2009-10 Annual Development Program was reviewed
indepth at a high level meeting held under the chairmanship of Sindh Chief
Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah here Wednesday.The Chief Minister directed that
development schemes be expeditiously implemented and completed while taking due
care of quality.He pointed out that scores of development schemes were being
implemented in various sectors throughout the province and people would be
greatly benefitted on their completion.On the occasion the Chief Minister
directed the formation of two committees for upper and lower Sindh for
monitoring of schemes and directed the Planning and Develoment department to
submit a list of schemes of projects under implementation with funding for the
current year.He directed that projects of health, education, roads and planning
be effectively monitored and a report thereof be submitted to him by December
31, 2009.Expressing dissatisfaction over implementation of certain schemes, Qaim
Ali Shah directed that pace of work on them be accelerated.Earlier briefing the
meeting, Additional Chief Secretary (Development) Munawar Opel informed that
total outlay of 2009-10 ADP stood at Rs. 75 billion which is higher by 36.4
percent as compared to last year while Districts ADP was to the tune of Rs.

15 billion which was higher by 25 percent.The meeting was told that Rs. 45
billion have been earmarked for 1317 schemes and Rs. 30 billion for 451 new
schemes including Rs. 6484.662 million for 76 agriculture sector schemes, Rs.
1233.137 for 15 schemes of industries, Rs. 783.140 million for 8 schemes of
mines and mineral resources, Rs. 1026.240 million for 22 schemes of forest,
wildlife and coastal development authority, Rs. 5747.513 million for 378 schemes
of physical planning and housing, Rs. 10,537.970 million for 634 schemes of
transport and communication, Rs. 5950 million for 83 schemes of education and
Rs. 4919 million for 73 schemes of health.It was informed that as compared to
last year, the allocation for current year health schemes has been incrased by
65 percent, education 26 percent, roads 17 percent, industries 9 percent,
livestock and fisheries 31 percent, agriculture 28 percent, water and power 83
percent, science and IT 3 percent and physical planning and housing 58 percent.
Besides ACS Development, the meeting was also attended by Secretary Finance,
Chief Economist, DG Monitoring Cell and other officials. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Pretoria News Weekend (South Africa)

                                 July 11, 2009
                                   e1 Edition

Probe looms over Bonitas' R80m deal

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 737 words


An investigation has been ordered into the the country's third largest medical
scheme Bonitas Medical Fund, as well as into the scheme's administrator
Medscheme after Bonitas allegedly used members' money for investments and
incomplete property development including one in Pretoria.

It is alleged that Bonitas, which has 500 000 members, has left about R80
million of members' money at risk.

The inquiry into the activities of the principal officer and trustees of the
scheme will extend to the role of Medscheme in making irregular payments for the
property development on behalf of the scheme.

It will also look into whether Medscheme, the country's third largest medical
scheme administrator, is fit to hold its licence to administers medical schemes.
Medscheme administers schemes covering more than a million lives.

And the investigation will also consider whether the trustees and the principal
officer of the scheme are fit to continue in their roles.

The broad investigation will focus on a host of seemingly irregular transactions
Bonitas's trustees have performed with regard to the KZN north-coast property
scheme, township clinics and a Pretoria hospital.

Deals the trustees have made with pharmacies and a broker, as well their
decision to establish a marketing company to which they lent R10m, will also be
examined. The Johannesburg High Court ordered the investigation this week after
the acting Registrar of Medical Schemes Patrick Matshidze lodged an urgent
application that was heard without the parties named being in court.

In his papers Matshidze said it appeared the trustees never had control and
management of scheme's affairs and did not act with the necessary care and
diligence.

The court ordered that Cornelius Potgieter, an independent forensic investigator
previously employed by the Financial Services Board, be appointed to conduct the
investigation.

There are three main investments Potgieter will be expected to look at.
According to the court papers, the scheme invested about R58.2m in a KZN
property development, Clansthal Properties and Phase 2 Properties.

In his affidavit, Matshidze said his office advised the scheme that it was not
appropriate for it to be involved in the development as this was beyond the
scope of the business of a medical scheme.

Nevertheless, the scheme invested in the development through an entity called
Pegma 36.

The registrar's inquires prompted the trustees to appoint auditors and
accountants Deloitte to prepare a report on the development but, according to
parts of the report quoted in the court papers, they then failed to co-operate
fully with Deloitte.

The report was finalised in June and states that:

l Even if the units that have been built are sold at what appears to be an
inflated market value based on a feasibility study conduced in October last
year, Bonitas would lose R21.5 million.

l There were irregularities in the appointment of the building contractor,
Mondli Homes, and the scheme had contravened its own tender policy and
procedures.

l The contractor left the site in October last year after it was paid and has
yet to return to complete the development.

l The former and current board of trustees did not apply their minds to the
issues and risks involved in this investment.

l There was no separation between the affairs of Pegma 36 and Bonitas - there
were no separate books of account for Pegma 36 and all expenses relating to the
development were paid by the scheme. There was also no loan account in the
Bonitas's accounts for the money it paid for the development.

Matshidze says in his application the entities were appointed without proper
agreements and records.

The scheme's principal officer Bafana Nkosi told Personal Finance that the
scheme obtained the property as part of a settlement after a former scheme
chairman, who has died, misused some of its funds.

Nkosi said the scheme decided to develop the property rather than sell it. The
development is now 90 percent complete, and has exceeded its budget as it took
longer than initially expected.

He said when the current downturn in the property market improved, the scheme
could again be in a position to profit from the development.

Despite the investigation, Bonitas is financially strong with about R2.1 billion
in reserves and had a solvency ratio (reserves as a percentage of contribution
income) of 48 percent as at the end of 2007 - way above the 25 percent required
by law.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                               February 15, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Firms face loan horror;
The government's Eur1.3bn Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme is proving a
letdown, writes Rachel Bridge

BYLINE: Rachel Bridge

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1235 words


SMALL businesses attempting to access the government's Eur1.3 billion Enterprise
Finance Guarantee (EFG) are being thwarted by high-street bank managers
reluctant to provide the scheme.

In a survey of its members, the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) found bank
managers were putting unnecessary obstacles in the way of firms seeking help and
that many high-street branch managers had no idea the scheme even existed.

The poll of more than 4,000 small businesses found that only 8% of them said
their banks were making the EFG scheme available to them.

Stephen Alambritis, a spokesman for the FSB, said: "The banks are not releasing
the money that the government has put in place to small businesses. They are not
up to speed with the parameters of the schemes, so businesses are going in and
asking for money under the new schemes and they are being given pre-conditions
that only existed under the old schemes.

"We find that banks are still being very harsh with small businesses."

He said there needed to be a change of culture in local branches to make the
scheme work, and that bank managers used to lending for expansion needed to
adjust to lending to tide businesses over the recession..

"There is a disparity between the aspirations of entrepreneurs who are not in
expansion mode but need some money to tide them over, and bank managers being
very risk adverse.

"There are huge problems."

The EFG scheme was launched last month to help small businesses suffering from
cash-flow problems to access finance to tide them over in the present climate of
tight lending conditions. The government is guaranteeing 75% of the value of the
loans made, which can be for a maximum of Eur1m for up to 10 years and are
available to small firms with a turnover of less than Eur25m.

The guarantee, which is being administered by high-street banks, will apply to
loans and can also be used to convert existing overdrafts into loans to enable
businesses to free up their overdraft facilities and meet working-capital
demands.

The Forum of Private Business (FPB) said it had also been receiving calls from
its members complaining about the difficulty of accessing the scheme.

FPB spokesman Phil McCabe said: "The government's Enterprise Finance Guarantee
was introduced to underwrite lending in order to reduce the banks' perception of
small businesses as 'high risk'. However, even profitable members of the FPB
report they are still being rejected for loans and overdrafts by some of the
UK's big banks. The scheme is not working well."

He said that several members had reported that their applications were being
judged under criteria used by the now-defunct Small Firms Loan Guarantee scheme
rather than those for the new scheme.

Stephen Harkin, who owns Saxon Oil near Coventry, a supplier of industrial and
automotive lubricants, is one FPB member having difficulty in obtaining finance
under the scheme. He had been hoping to borrow Eur40,000.

He said: "There is a huge knowledge gap about the EFG on a local level. When we
approached our bank manager at Yorkshire bank, all he could talk about was the
old small firms guarantee scheme. He was completely ignorant of the EFG and gave
the impression he had little or no information about it. The only thing he
wanted to do was lend me secured money, putting my home against any advance. We
are really frustrated by it."

Peter Vale, who owns a furniture store near Llangollen in north Wales, is trying
to borrow Eur25,000 through the scheme from HSBC.

He said: "Initially we found a lot of confusion. The banks just seem to be
exceedingly cautious about it. Now it seems that we can go ahead if we can prove
affordability, but it will have to go not only to my bank manager for approval,
but to his boss and his boss's boss because they are afraid of putting something
forward that might come back to haunt them. I am no more than 50% optimistic at
this stage.

"It is positive that the government is trying to do something, but I don't think
the money will actually come out of the scheme because I don't think the banks
will be prepared to support it.

"They will go through the motions to be seen to be trying to support it, but the
hoops small businesses will have to go through and the criteria they will apply
for affordability will make it beyond the reach of the vast majority of small
businesses who need it."

Malcolm Storey, the owner of C & M Framing, a picture-framing firm in
Sunderland, applied for a Eur50,000 loan from HSBC under the EFG scheme but was
turned down on the ground that his credit rating was not high enough - even
though he has been banking with HSBC for more than 15 years.

He said: "There doesn't seem to be any point in schemes like this if they are
not actually lending any money to people. I know of many firms who have been
turned down for loans under the scheme and I only know of one who has managed to
get any money. I think it is terrible."

William Flatau, who owns commercial-finance brokerage First Finance, said banks
were unlikely to be fond of the EFG scheme because of its similarity to the old
small business loan guarantee scheme.

"Many high-street lenders have made little secret of the fact they loathed the
small firms scheme because of the high failure rate of businesses that used it
and the massive amounts of red tape it involved," he said. "Some bank managers
viewed these loans as a scar on their lending book. I can't see how the banks
are going to treat this scheme with any more delight than they did the old one.

"Coupled with this is the fact that there is obviously complete confusion as to
how the new system works."

Peter Ibbetson, head of business banking at NatWest and RBS, said: "We have made
sure all our business managers and front-line branch managers are fully aware of
the scheme. We see this as an important scheme to help businesses suffering from
cashflow problems."

However, he acknowledged: "There is a need for continuing education in the high
street. We are speaking daily to branches to make sure that everyone is aware
that this is a scheme that we want to support."

He added a warning that the guarantee scheme

would not be open to all small businesses in difficulty. He said: "It is
important to emphasise that both we, the banks, and the government have to make
sure that the cases that we are supporting can afford to repay. This scheme is
there to support businesses that are having cash-flow difficulties; it is not
there to support businesses whose sales have collapsed completely and just
aren't viable.

"It is important that businesses realise this is a loan scheme and not grant
money. We are seeing cases of some businesses believing that it is government
free money - which it is not."

A spokesman for the government department for Business, Economic Reform and
Regulation (BERR), said: "We are in constant touch with the banks to make sure
the scheme is going as it should. We expect there to be a significant increase
in the number of loans being made over the next few months." BERR minister Ian
Pearson told MPs last week: "We are keen to hear of any instance where banks are
unaware of the schemes. We will follow these reports up.

"All the banks have submitted loans and we are in communication with them all,
so we are anxious to hear about examples where communication inside the banks
does not seem to be working."

'' THERE SEEMS NO POINT IN SCHEMES LIKE THIS IF THEY ARE NOT LENDING ANY MONEY

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Over a barrel: when Stephen Harkin, owner of Saxon Oil, asked for an
Enterprise Finance Guarantee loan, his bank manager wanted him to put up his
home as security
RICHARD STANTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                               1 - State Edition

Get the facts straight on WorkCover's woes

BYLINE: BRUCE WATSON

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 458  words


RECENT inaccurate assertions have been made that the number of claims remaining
on the WorkCover scheme is not the driver of the scheme's poor financial
situation. It is important that the debate on this very important matter is well
informed. In my capacity as the independent actuary to the WorkCover scheme, I
believe I am in a position to explain the scheme's unfunded liabilities.

Since 1994, the total number of WorkCover claims has decreased - fewer new
claims have been received each year. In contrast, the number of people staying
on the scheme for long-term income replacement (weekly payments) has increased.

The graph (at right) shows the trend over the past 10 years in the number of
ongoing claims receiving weekly payments. The total number of those claims has
increased 50 per cent over the decade.

The number of those claims that have been ongoing for longer than three years
has increased by more than 150 per cent. This is the main reason why the overall
cost of the scheme has continued to increase and why cost increases have emerged
years after the corresponding employer levies were set.

With the benefit of hindsight, it is clear that the overall costs of the scheme
outweighed its levy income for almost every year of operation up to the early
2000s. The Government's independent reviewers, Alan Clayton and John Walsh,
concur in their report on the scheme, saying that, around 2001, ``the first
warning signs for South Australia were now beginning to emerge through the
inability of the scheme to successfully control the number of claimants
continuing to longer durations on income benefits''. The increase in the average
levy rate to 3 per cent in 2003 looks likely to be meeting current years' costs,
but the scheme's unfunded liability is a legacy of the shortfall in previous
years.

There is no realistic prospect of the average levy rate being reduced from the
current average 3 per cent in the foreseeable future under the current
conditions. The scheme, as it now operates, is a pension scheme which is
expensive relative to other state workers' compensation schemes. Only when the
scheme's modus operandi is realigned with improved return to work can the
overall costs of the scheme be expected to reduce.

In my opinion, the package of legislative reform proposed by the Government for
the WorkCover scheme will help address this long-ongoing trend of more people
staying on the scheme for longer.

Combined with an effective model for the outsourcing of claims management - the
approach that has achieved significant scheme cost reductions in New South Wales
and Victoria - the SA scheme can become fully funded and sustainable into the
future.

* Bruce Watson, of Finity Consulting, is the independent actuary to WorkCover.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                October 1, 2006

How safe is your pension scheme?

BYLINE: Jessica Bown

SECTION: FEATURES; Money; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1238 words


About 10m people have received letters warning of shortfalls in their plans,
writes Jessica Bown

Millions of members of company-pension schemes have received worrying news about
the state of their funds over the past few weeks.

About 10m members have received official confirmation of the size of their
scheme deficits for the first time because of a change in the law.

The letters, some of which reveal multi-million-pound shortfalls, will have
struck fear into the hearts of many workers, but they are being urged not to
panic.

Separately, employers are desperate to offload their company-pension schemes
because they have become such a burden. Last week, Goldman Sachs, the American
investment bank, announced that it had launched a subsidiary to buy up ailing
pension schemes that are closed to new members.

We answer your questions on the state of your scheme.

Why are the schemes sending out letters to members now?

Pension-scheme trustees are now required to send out annual statements to
members as part of a new disclosure regime introduced in the Pensions Act 2004.
The deadline was September 22.

The letters must be sent to people in final-salary schemes with more than 100
members. If you have left a company but still have funds in its scheme, or you
have retired, you should also have received a letter.

Members of money-purchase schemes, where your pension depends on the fund's
performance rather than your final salary, may have also received letters if
they are contracted out of the state second pension.

Why are so many occupational pension schemes running deficits?

The letters show the value of a scheme's assets against its liabilities and in
many cases there is a shortfall.

Mercer, a consultant, says one in five final-salary members will find out they
would receive only 50% to 60% of their benefits if the scheme were wound up
immediately.

Pensions have been hit by a range of problems. Members are living longer;
interest rates are lower, cutting the income from which pensions pay benefits;
and equity-market returns were until recently poor.

How worried should I be?

Actuaries point out that many schemes are showing deficits only because the
figures assume the schemes are wound up now, with the trustees selling the
assets to an insurance company, which pays all members' benefits.

In reality, funds do not have to pay out benefits all at once, and a company
would only sell assets to an insurance company if it no longer wanted the risk
-and it was unable to get a better deal elsewhere.

The deficit is therefore not necessarily a problem, provided your current or
former employer is still financially strong and is taking steps to address it.
The letter should say what your company intends to do about the shortfall, such
as making extra contributions.

If, however, your company is struggling, a pension-fund deficit could prove more
serious because the flow of new money needed to make up the shortfall will dry
up if it goes bust.

What would happen if my employer went bust with a shortfall?

The Pension Protection Fund (PPF), introduced by the government in 2005 to
protect members of company schemes, may pay some compensation in that instance.
It ensures retired people get 100% of their pensions, while members who are
still working get 90%, up to a maximum of about £ 25,000.

Tom McPhail of Hargreaves Lansdown, an adviser, said: "An executive with pension
entitlements of £ 50,000 a year will still see their benefits halved if they
have to turn to the PPF. If you are concerned, it may be a good idea to take
your letter to an independent adviser to see whether it is worth transferring
your funds elsewhere."

What should I do if I think my retirement income is under threat?

You can transfer your benefits to a personal pension if your scheme is in
deficit and you are worried that your employer might go bust.

This is a high-risk strategy because you will almost certainly crystallise a
loss on the value of your contributions.

You will also be taking on the investment risk previously borne by your
employer.

Your pension will not be linked to your earnings and the company will not pick
up the bill if your fund does not meet expectations. Instead, the size of your
pension will depend on stock-market performance and annuity rates.

The first step should therefore be to seek advice from an independent adviser.

Why do companies want to buy out underfunded schemes?

Firms such as Goldman Sachs and Paternoster Insurance, set up by Mark Wood, the
former UK chief executive of Prudential, are in discussions with companies to
take over their pension schemes because they believe they can make money by
running them more successfully.

Not all schemes will prove attractive to these firms, though. Goldman Sachs is
planning to target companies with relatively well-funded schemes that would
require only small company contributions.

How would it affect me if my scheme was sold to a bank?

It may prove to be a good thing if one of these companies buys your occupational
scheme.

Ros Altman, a former pensions adviser to the Treasury, said: "Your scheme being
sold to an asset management company will not in itself change the balance of the
equation.

"It could be positive, though, because banks will only buy up the assets, and
take on the liabilities, if they believe they can make a profit out of managing
the scheme and delivering the full benefits to members."

My scheme is giving incentives to people who opt out. Should I take them up on
the offer?

Growing numbers of firms are offering employees financial incentives, including
tax-free cash payments, to transfer out of their final-salary scheme.

The deals can work to your advantage, but you need to be careful that you are
not giving up valuable benefits for the sake of a short-term financial gain.

You will generally have to go into a personal pension, and advisers warn that
investors will typically need investment returns of 8% to 10% a year to replace
what they have lost.

WHAT TO DO IF A FIRM GOES BUST

In April 2005, the government set up a scheme -the Pension Protection Fund (PPF)
-to protect workers who lose out when their occupational scheme collapses and
their employer goes bust.

It claims that, if a scheme is forced to wind up and the employer is unable to
meet the liabilities, the PPF will ensure those who have already retired get
100% of their pensions. Members who are still working will get 90%, up to a
maximum of £ 25,000.

There are catches, though. You must be 65 or over at the time of the collapse to
claim the 100% cover -those whose employers fold after they retire but before
they hit 65 will not be given the same level of compensation.

Even retired workers who qualify for complete protection will not receive
index-linked benefits.

The £ 25,000 cap will also leave many higher earners out of pocket.

SHORTFALL DOESN'T WORRY ME

Louise Soulsby, 36, has been a member of the Norwich Union final-salary pension
scheme since 2001. She received a trustee's report last month.

Soulsby, a PR executive from York, said: 'I was one of the last people to be
allowed to join the final-salary scheme, which was very fortunate for me. I know
the plan -like most of its kind -is running a deficit, but I wasn't particularly
shocked by the figures when I received the letter last month.

'The report explained how the company plans to fund the deficit, and it also
predicted that the shortfall will have been made up by 2015, which is before I
will retire.'

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          October 13, 2004, Wednesday

PENSIONS CRISIS: GLOSSARY REVEALS WHY IT'S THE 'MOST COMPLEX SYSTEM IN THE
WORLD'...

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 485 words


The UK's pensions system was described as the most complex in the world by the
Pensions Commission, with a combination of a 'relatively ungenerous' state
pension and a variety of private schemes.

A 13-page glossary in yesterday's report detailed some of the different schemes,
benefits, contributions and allowances, including:

Additional Voluntary Contribution (AVC) - Personal pension contributions made by
someone who is a member of an occupational scheme as a top-up to their
occupational entitlement.

Approved Personal Pension (APP) - A personal pension which meets regulatory
requirements so it can receive minimum contributions.

Average Salary Scheme - a defined benefit scheme that gives individuals a
pension based on a percentage of the salary earned in each year of their working
life.

Basic State Pension - Non earnings-related pension based on an individuals'
National Insurance contribution record.

Defined Benefit (DB) Pension Scheme - A pension related to a worker's salary or
some other value fixed in advance.

Defined Contribution (DC) Pension Scheme - A scheme where the individual
receives a pension based on the contributions made and the investment return
they have produced. These are sometimes referred to as money purchase schemes. l
Executive Pension Scheme - A defined contribution scheme arranged through an
insurance cl Final Salary Scheme - A Defined Benefit scheme that gives
individuals a pension based on the number of years of pensionable service, the
accrual rate and final earnings as defined by the scheme.

Free-Standing Additional Voluntary Contribution (FSAVC) - An Additional
Voluntary Contribution plan which is separate from an individual's occupational
pension fund.

Graduated Retirement Pension - A National Insurance pension scheme which ran
from 1961 to 1975, providing earnings-related benefits based on contributions.

Group Personal Pension - A personal pension scheme organised through an employer
but still taking the form of individual contracts between the employee and
pension provider.

Guaranteed Minimum Pension - The minimum pension that must be provided by a
contracted-out, salary-related scheme for pensions accrued between 1978 and
1997.

Matching Contributions - An arrangement common in employer-sponsored Defined
Contribution schemes by which a contribution made by an individual is added to
by their employer.

Means-Tested Benefits - State benefits where the amount paid depends on the
level of income, capital and other personal circumstances.

Occupational Pension - Provided via the employer.

Pension Accrual - The build up of pension rights. In a Defined Benefit scheme
this may be based on the number of years of contributions.

Pension Credit - The main means-tested benefit for pensioners.

Personal Pension - A pension which is provided through an individual and the
provider.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              945 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 March 13, 2003

Pensions Board to review Aer Lingus schemes

BYLINE: By DOMINIC COYLE

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 396 words


The Pensions Board has started a public review of the status of Aer Lingus
employees' pension schemes. Management and unions at the airline have been at
odds over the schemes for nine months. The row escalated when worker directors
refused to sign off on this year's accounts.

IMPACT, the union which together with SIPTU represents the bulk of workers at
Aer Lingus, applied to the Pensions Board at the end of January for "a
determination" on the schemes. Unions maintain the schemes were presented and
described as defined benefit schemes from their inception in the 1950s until
last year's annual report and were registered with the regulator, the Pensions
Board, as such.

Last year, the airline's annual report amended the schemes's description to
targeted benefit schemes, which are effectively defined contribution schemes,
aspiring to a certain level of benefit, according to experts.

The unions claim this is a fundamental alteration in the schemes while
executives at the airline insist there has been no change in their status.

Now the Pensions Board has issued public notices seeking submissions from people
with an interest in the schemes - the Irish Airlines (General Employees)
Superannuation Scheme and the Irish Airlines (Pilots) Superannuation Scheme.
These include, employers, scheme members, pensioners and trustees.

Aer Lingus has about 4,000 staff following its recent survival plan. Those in
the general employees scheme pay 6.875 per cent of their salary into the pension
fund, a figure matched by the employers. The pilots fare considerably better.
They pay in 7 per cent of their salary to their scheme while employers pay a sum
equivalent to 21 per cent of gross salary.

Submissions in writing on the schemes, which also number staff at Aer Rianta,
FLS, Airmotive and Timas as members, must be with the Pensions Board's agents,
Matheson Ormsby Prentice, by April 7th. There is no indication how long it will
take the board to rule on the status of the schemes.

The row may force the Government to put plans to sell the airline on hold for
the second time. It had been thought that the Government would look at a sale of
the company or the bringing in of a strategic investor this year. But with an
unquantifiable pensions liability potentially hanging over the airline, there is
little prospect of any move in the short term.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              946 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            March 31, 2001, Saturday

COUNTRYSIDE SCHEME OPEN TO APPLICATIONS

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 852 words


THE Countryside Management Scheme has opened to new applications.

The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mrs Brid Rodgers, said that,
following approval from Brussels, the Department of Agriculture and Rural
Development had made Countryside Management Regulations, which came into
operation on March 20, 2001.

This enables DARD to accept into the Countryside Management Scheme some 400
successful applicants who are already waiting to join and, then, re- open the
scheme to further applicants.

Mrs Rodgers said that she recognised that the successful applicants to the
Countryside Management Scheme had endured a significant delay in being accepted
into the scheme.

The Minister paid tribute to their patience and forbearance, explaining that the
delay was due to the expiry of the European Union empowering legislation and the
longer than expected process in securing Brussels' agreement to the Northern
Ireland Rural Development Plan 2000-2006.

Mrs Rodgers said: "I sympathise with those who have had to wait from 1999 until
to now to enter the Countryside Management Scheme.

"However the 400 successful applicants should all receive a letter from the
Department within the next few weeks and, subject to their completion, signing
and return of the appropriate undertaking document, they will be admitted to the
scheme."

Mrs Rodgers indicated that, following completion of that exercise, she would be
making a further announcement about reopening the Countryside Management Scheme
to fresh applications.

"The Countryside Management Scheme will assist Northern Ireland farmers outside
the designated Environmentally Sensitive Areas to farm in a manner that will
protect wildlife and preserve the scenic beauty of the countryside. It is our
intention that, by 2006, the scheme will have 4,000 participant farmers with
150,000 hectares under agreement."

The Ulster Farmers' Union welcomed the news that the successful applicants to
the CMS would be notified very soon, allowing them to begin work on the
environmental plans they submitted in 1999.

Wilbert Mayne, chairman of the UFU Legislation and Commercial Commttee said:
"This news is obviously very welcome, especially to those farmers who have been
waiting since 1999 to join.

"The length of time it has taken for this approval to finally be received has
been a source of much frustration for those farmers who applied to join the
scheme at the early stages.

"While the Union is glad the Minister recognises this in her statement, we hope
that lessons can be learned from this, so that lengthy delays can be avoided in
future."

Mr Mayne also referred to Mrs Rodgers' assertion that there had been 400
successful applicants to join the scheme in the first set of applications.

Mr Mayne said: "Environmental concerns have been higher and higher on the agenda
in agriculture over the past few years.

"However, in order to send the right message to farmers and to help support them
to ensure the environment is protected, the Department must put more resources
into schemes which will help achieve this, but not at the expense of traditional
support for commodity production.

"Clearly, if the Department is to achieve its aim of 4,000 farmers, with 150,000
hectares under agreement in the Countryside Mangement Scheme by 2006,
considerably more resources will have to be made available."

Mr Mayne added: "The Union looks forward to the re-opening of the Countryside
Management Scheme in the very near future but we will be monitoring the
situation closely to ensure that applications will be dealt with more promptly
under this round of applications."

Fact File

l THE Countryside Management Scheme, along with the Environmentally Sensitive
Areas Scheme and the Organic Farming Scheme, is an integral part of the agri
-environment measures included within the Northern Ireland Rural Development
Plan 2000-2006, which was approved by the European Commission on December 4,
2000.

l THE Countryside Management Scheme is aimed, essentially, at the promotion of
farming systems that encourage biodiversity and sustainability in agricultural
production, and is complementary to the aims of the other agri-environment
schemes.

l THE Scheme, which applies in the 80 per cent of Northern Ireland's land area
outside the designated Environmentally Sensitive Areas, will provide financial
assistance to participants, while setting a number of rigorous environmental
conditions, which must be adhered to. Entry to the scheme is competitive, taking
those applicants who are able to deliver the greatest environmental benefit.

l PAYMENTS under the Countryside Management Scheme will be made for a wide
variety of activities, of which some of the most important are: management of
semi-natural grassland; management of moorland; and management of wetlands.

l Other activities funded by the scheme include: restoration of hedges and
drystone walls; provision of winter feeding sites for migratory birds;
establishment of wild bird cover crops; and management of lapwing breeding
sites.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              947 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 March 11, 2001

Cash: Back to the blackboard: Teachers' pension fear: Big public sector
retirement scheme is behind the times, writes Neasa MacErlean

BYLINE: Neasa MacErlean

SECTION: Observer Cash Pages, Pg. 12

LENGTH: 824 words


TEACHERS are asking for substantial improvements to their pension scheme, which
is seen as having fallen behind the times. The scheme is particularly hard hit
because many of its members have retired and are now drawing their pensions.

Representatives are this month asking for it to be improved from a 1/80th scheme
(giving 1/80th of a teacher's final salary as pension for each year paying into
the scheme) to a 1/60th scheme. In a submission to the Department for Education
and Employment(DfEE), the teachers' side of the teachers' superannuation working
party is also calling for pensions to be paid to all surviving partners -
including gay partners and cohabitees as well as spouses - and for partners'
pensions to be paid for life, rather than being stopped if the survivor
remarries or lives with someone else. Negotiations about the terms are likely to
start in April.

'The teachers' pension scheme isn't a particularly wonderful scheme, although it
does provide inflation-proofing,' says actuary Bryn Davies of Union Pension
Services. The scheme came 143rd out of 275 schemes when ranked in terms of value
of benefits by Bryn Davies in his latest comparison of major schemes, Pension
Scheme Profiles 2000.

The National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) is
expected to ask for a range of changes, including a move away from the current
unfunded basis to a funded arrangement. At the moment, the scheme collects
contributions from both teachers and their employers (usually local
authorities), but rather than going into a pension fund, the money goes into
Treasury coffers. When teachers retire, their pension is paid by the Treasury
again. This means that there is no actual fund.

NASUWT pensions officer Brian Clegg is worried that future politicians could try
to water down benefits or get teachers to pay in more. 'The campaign has got to
be for a real fund,' he says. 'The long-term liabilities of the scheme are just
unaffordable, and the problem just comes back to being reliant on the Treasury.'

Data on the scheme is always out of date. The latest valuation from the
Government Actuary's Department relates to 1996, but has yet to be published by
Her Majesty's Stationery Office. But the valuation report, which has been seen
by The Observer , reveals that there were nearly 560,000 teachers paying in at
that time. There were nearly 365,000 teachers and their widows and widowers
drawing pensions. As the actuary states in the report that in the five years
that the report covers, 'expenditure on benefits exceeded the contribution
income'.

A scheme in this situation is described as 'mature' when the number of
pensioners is very high compared with the number of 'active' contributing
members. This means that the scheme is costly. Clegg is therefore worried that
politicians could be tempted to tinker.

As Davies says: 'For years and years, the government has had pensions on the
cheap.' Even 20 years ago, the Government would have been receiving far more in
contributions than the Treasury had to pay out. But now the past is catching up
very fast. The proportion of pensioners compared with active members was 65 per
cent in 1996, up from 53 per cent in 1991.

The government actuary has also predicted a deficit on the scheme of pounds 4
billion when future liabilities are taken into account. As a result, the
employers' contri bution is due to increase from 7.2 per cent of each teacher's
salary now to 8.15 per cent from April 2002. In theory, the pounds 4bn shortfall
would be made up by these extra contributions over the next 40 years.

Part of the reason for the shortfall is an accounting practice which has
notionally invested the contributions received into fixed- interest stocks. But
returns would have been far higher if the notional investment had been the stock
market. Most funded pension schemes invest well over 60 per cent of their assets
in equities, in the expectation of rates of return far higher than on
fixed-interest stocks. The Government has now conceded the point and is starting
to operate the scheme's notional accounts as if the investments were largely in
equities.

Barry Fawcett will be one of the main negotiators with the DfEE in April. As
head of pay and pensions at the NUT, he takes some heart from improvements that
are being made to the civil service pension scheme. This scheme is soon to pay
pension benefits to gay and cohabiting partners, for instance. Fawcett says:
'Many key improvements are being introduced to the civil service scheme and
there is no reason why teachers should not be granted the same terms as other
public service employees.'

The teachers' scheme was established in 1925 and had its last major overhaul in
1972. From a financial viewpoint, the 1/80th basis is something of a legacy of
the past. Most schemes which are seen as attractive these days offer a 1/60th
arrangement.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              948 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 4, 1994

Frequent job changes pose problems over entitlement

BYLINE: By DUNCAN HUGHES

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 809 words


PENSION planning will often be outpaced by increasing job mobility, according to
pensions experts.

The days when a young employee started with a company and expected to remain
there until retirement are long past.

But the freedom of job choice brings with it the problem of knowing what to do
with pension entitlements left with a former employer.

For those employed by Hong Kong companies, it is less difficult than those with
British, American or Australian companies.

Greg Willis, general manager of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Life,
said: ''A major flaw of the retirement scheme system in Hong Kong is that
employees can receive their retirement scheme benefit whenever they leave
employment - even if it is well before their retirement age.

''The law permits it and, unlike in other countries, the Inland Revenue does not
penalise early payment of retirement benefits.

''For that reason, Hong Kong retirement schemes are not really 'retirement
schemes'. They are tax advantageous savings schemes. In conjunction with the on
-going debate on how best to provide for our workforce's retirement needs, the
Government should consider introducing incentives to induce employees to keep
their benefits locked in a retirement scheme until they reach a certain age, say
55 or 60.

''At this time, however, there are no penalties if, on resignation, an employee
takes his benefits. However, many retirement schemes permit employees to pay
into the scheme their 'past service' benefits - benefits received by the
employee from a previous scheme.

''The decision to do this is complex for the employee. In Hong Kong, there is no
tax on investment returns earned by individuals from the investment of their
money.

''The Inland Revenue regards past service benefits as being an 'investment' in
the new scheme of the employee's own money.

''Therefore, whether the employee places the money into the new scheme or
invests it elsewhere, investment returns will not be subject to salaries tax.''

This meant employees must decide whether the retirement scheme was the best
investment vehicle for their funds.

Mr Willis added: ''Employees should compare the potential investment returns,
flexibility and security offered by the new scheme with those of other
investments available.''

For the expatriate Briton, the decision is a much more complex. There are a wide
range of pension schemes and complex tax issues and investment rules to take
into consideration.

One note of warning: do not be persuaded by the blandishments of pensions' sales
staff trying to convince you about the virtues of a transfer from an
occupational scheme into a personal pension plan.

Britain's chief financial regulator, the Securities and Investments Board,
recently revealed that its own investigations had found that four out of five
personal pension plans had been wrongly sold.

The bottom line is whether your accrued assets will grow faster inside the
original scheme or should be transferred into a new plan.

Before doing so, one should seek expert independent advice and establish what
the existing benefits are under the old company scheme; what the transfer value
is likely to be; and what the new benefits will be based on at least two
projected growth rates.

Bill Tatham, divisional director of independent financial advisers Towry Law,
said: ''If you have long enough to run until retirement, the transfer value you
may be offered might be able to grow to produce a considerably better pension on
retirement.

''There may be considerable benefits in terms of flexibility if you transfer an
occupational pension to a private arrangement.

''You can choose your retirement age and will not be restricted to a company
scheme, which may have heavy penalties if you take it early.

''In addition, you can choose at retirement what type of escalation factor - to
ensure your funds are not eroded by inflation - you want built into the pension.

''It is also possible to choose whether or not you wish to include a specific
level of widow's benefit or not.''

With many personal pension schemes, there is also some choice as to the
underlying investments into which your assets would be placed.

But always seek advice before deciding on a transfer of your scheme.

This is important if you are planning retirement within the next 10 years or
belong to an index-linked government scheme.

Employees will have a choice of a money-purchase scheme, where accrued benefits
are used to buy an annuity, or final salary scheme where payments are determined
by length of service.

Mr Tatham said: ''A money-purchase scheme that relies on funds may not perform
in line with the quotations you are given, or there could be unforeseen
financial circumstances like a stockmarket crash close to your retirement.''


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              949 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                October 25, 1992

Best way** LINE FULL!! to care2e'S UNDER for aged2e'S OVER

BYLINE: By PETER WILLIAMS

SECTION: Sunday Edition; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 527 words


THE Government's plan to introduce compulsory retirement schemes for Hongkong
workers, which was announced in full last week, has been generally well
accepted.

Larger and long-established employers should have little to fear from such
schemes, as most operate pension plans of their own.

Indeed, it could be said that Hongkong already has a compulsory scheme to
provide for long-service employees - it is under the Employment Ordinance and is
known as the Long Service Payment Scheme (LSPS).

But its weakness is that it is little known and generates relatively low
benefits. There is also no need for the benefits to be securely funded.

Compulsory retirement schemes for every worker in Hongkong should not be
difficult to achieve. Excluding employees of the Government, about 30 per cent
of workers are members of employer-sponsored retirement schemes. By
straightforward amendments, three cornerstones to produce acceptable benefits at
the age of 65 can be built into existing schemes.

First, a minimum total contribution of 10 per cent - five per cent from employer
and five per cent from employee - should be accumulated before retirement age.

Second, all contributions, once made to a retirement scheme, should remain in an
employer-sponsored scheme or a Personal Retirement Account (PRA) until 65.

Third, the employer contributions should be invested immediately for the
long-term benefit of the employee.

For 70 per cent of the workforce, a retirement scheme will be a new experience.
This means it is essential that legislation be kept simple and understandable.
The mystery often surrounding pension schemes, and their associated technical
jargon, is best avoided.

Hongkong employees will prefer retirement schemes where "what you see is what
you receive". This approach is usually called the provident fund retirement
scheme. It is also known as a defined contribution retirement scheme or
accumulation of contribution scheme.

Indeed, for compulsory schemes, the Government would be strongly advised to
follow the one that most people find easiest to understand.

Two vital legislative challenges are therefore facing Hongkong. The first has
been with us since it was raised in 1986. It has emerged as the Occupation
Retirement Schemes Bill (1991), which has received much comment and criticism.

The first challenge for the Government will be to see if this Bill can be
effective, as it is necessary to establish sound Hongkong regulations for the
operation of retirement schemes.

The second is for the Government to introduce schemes to cover all private-
sector employers and employees. Many people are urging the amendment of existing
legislation under the Employment Ordinance, rather than a new Bill.

There should be little technical difficulty in introducing compulsory schemes.
Any difficulty that arises will come from those who seek to delay the
legislative process. Learning from the experiences of other countries means
Hongkong should quickly establish a mechanism for looking after its ageing
workforce.

Peter Williams is general manager, employee benefits, National Mutual Insurance
Company.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              950 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            December 22 1986, Monday

Law Report: Pension fund surplus cannot be removed by new owners

SECTION: Issue 62647.

LENGTH: 2064 words


In re Courage Pension Schemes

Ryan and Others v Imperial Brewery & Leisure Ltd and Others


Before Mr Justice Millett

(Judgment December 10)

Proposals by Hanson Trust plc designed to remove, for its own benefit or the
benefit of other employees in other companies in the Hanson Group, all but
pounds 10 million of the surplus of pounds 80 million in three pension schemes
intended for the benefit of employees of Imperial Brewing & Leisure Ltd (IBL)
were disallowed by Mr Justice Millett in the Chancery Division.

His Lordship held that the committee of management of the schemes were not bound
to concur in executing the proposed deed amending the trust deeds or rules. The
proposed amending deeds, as presently drawn were outside the power to amend the
trust deeds and rules.

His Lordship so held on an originating summons taken out by the plaintiffs,
Bernard Joseph Ryan and others, the committee of management for the pension
schemes, against IBL, Graham Horsford Griffin, a member of the Courage Staff
Pension Scheme, and Imperial Group Pension Trust Ltd and Imperial Group Pension
Investment Ltd, the custodian trustees.

Mr Edward Nugee, QC and Mr Nicholas Warren for the plaintiffs; Mr Nigel
Inglis-Jones, QC and Mr Geoffrey Topham for IBL; Mr Michael Hart for Mr Griffin;
Mr Geoffrey Topham for the custodian trustee companies.

MR JUSTICE MILLETT said that in April 1986, Hanson Trust plc acquired Imperial
Group plc, one of whose subsidiaries was IBL.

After sale of part of IBL's undertaking, IBL and its remaining subsidiaries now
consisted of only three companies, described as the Courage Group of companies.

In September, Hanson agreed to sell IBL to an Australian company, Elders IXL
Ltd, for approximately pounds 1.4 billion. The sale became unconditional on
November 14 and was completed on November 19.

IBL operated three contributory pension schemes for employees in the group, each
governed by its own trust deed and rules. The Courage Retail Managers Scheme,
established in 1956 by Barclay Perkins & Co Ltd for managers of off-licences,
received new rules in 1963 when IBL was substituted as 'the company' for
purposes of the scheme.

The Courage Staff Pension Scheme and the Courage Employees Pension Scheme,
originally non-contributory, were established by IBL for employees in IBL and
its associated companies.

The plaintiffs constituted the committee of management for all three schemes,
whose assets totalled about pounds 252 million, their estimated surplus of
assets over liabilities being about pounds 80 million.

In February 1986 the committee inserted a new clause, whose effect was to close
each scheme to new entrants, in order to protect the assets, particularly the
surplus, against what was described as 'a predator'.

Without such action other companies in the Hanson Group would have become
'associated companies' entitled to participate in funds built up by IBL over
many years.

Hanson made no secret of its desire to remove for its own benefit or for the
benefit of employees of companies remaining in the Hanson Group, most of the
pounds 80 million surplus.

Despite the sale of IBL to Elders, Hanson proposed that the pension schemes
should remain with Hanson, which would be substituted as 'the company' for
purposes of the schemes.

When explained, those proposals aroused concern among the committee members,
since the effect would be to exclude employees from benefit, although they
continued to be employed by the same employer, and would leave pensioners in
schemes operated by Hanson, a company with which they had no or only the most
tenuous connection.

After legal advice the committee issued their originating summons on November 5,
asking whether they were (a) at liberty or (b) bound to execute the proposed
amending trust deeds.

Hanson contended that they were so bound and had no discretion in the matter,
and it had executed interim schemes, allowing for new entrants to be added, the
new deeds lacking only execution by the committee.

It was clear, and common ground, that the Courage Retail Managers Pension Scheme
, vested the power to amend the rules in the committee, with the consent of the
participating companies, and it followed, as was conceded, that the committee
had a full discretion, that the amending deed would have no effect until
executed by the committee, and that its validity would then fall to be
considered as at the date when so executed.

The relevant clause in the other two schemes was, in his Lordship's view,
ambiguous but his lordship had no doubt that its correct meaning was that the
committee was required, not as Mr Inglis-Jones contended, to concur 'in the
execution of' the amending deed by the company, but to concur 'in executing' the
amending deed itself, the word 'concur' denoting an act of voluntary agreement.

To exclude the committee's discretion would not only deny any effective
protection to members, but would make nonsense of the careful allocation of
powers found elsewhere in the trust deed and rules.

But the committee were only entitled to join in executing the proposed amending
deeds if the proposed amendments were within the power to amend and could
properly be made.

They must not infringe the provisos to the rule-amending power, particularly the
express prohibition against altering the scheme's 'main purpose', namely the
provision of pensions on retirement at a specified age for members. Such a power
was given for the purpose of promoting not altering the scheme.

Whenever possible the deed's provisions should be construed so as to give
reasonable and practical effect to the scheme, bearing in mind that it had to
operate against a constantly changing commercial background, the scheme being
intended not for employees of a single company, but for those of a group of
companies.

Even a 'main purpose' might be changed by degrees, as was demonstrated by
Thellusson v Viscount Valentia ((1907) 2 Ch 1) concerned with Hurlingham Club
whose initial object, to provide a ground for pigeon shooting, changed later to
a ground for polo and other sports.

It was a novel and startling proposition that a company, and its associated
companies participating in a pension scheme, could be sold and continue to
employ substantially its whole workforce, for whose benefit the scheme was
established, and yet the scheme itself be excluded from the sale.

His Lordship's first reaction, namely that substituting one company for another
as principal company for the scheme was necessarily outside the rule-amending
power, proved, however, to be too sweeping a conclusion.

After examining the terms of the three schemes, his Lordship said there was a
limited right to substitute another company for IBL, but only if the company was
being wound up for reconstruction or amalgamation, and the only company that
could be substituted was the reconstructed or amalgamated company.

Sale of an associated company out of the group would cause a partial dissolution
of the scheme, but unless another company was first substituted, the sale of IBL
itself would not affect the schemes at all.

It was obviously desirable that some provision for substitution should be
included in a group scheme; it would be unfortunate if the whole scheme had to
be wound up merely because, on a group reconstruction, the principal company was
put into liquidation.

A pension scheme was established, not for a particular company, but for those
employed in a commercial undertaking, and provision could properly be made for
the scheme to continue for their benefit, if, on a reconstruction, the
undertaking was transferred from one company to another within the group, and if
it remained identifiably the same.

Such provisions could properly be said to promote the main purpose, and not to
alter it.

That, however, was not the present case at all; the Courage Group had not been
reconstructed, but sold.

The purpose of the proposed substitution of Hanson for IBL was not to preserve
the schemes in existence for the benefit of those employed in the undertaking,
but was to prevent that from happening, and to bring about an unnecessary
dissolution of the schemes which would not otherwise occur.

The need for some provision to be made for substitution showed that the identity
of 'the company' was not of the essence or part of the 'main purpose' of the
schemes.

It did not follow that an unlimited power of substitution could be validly
introduced, or that any company could properly be substituted in any
circumstances and for any purposes.

The simple fact was that Hanson did not employ and never had employed any of the
employees for whose benefit the schemes were established.

The circumstances must be such that substitution was necessary or at least
expedient in order to preserve the scheme for those for whose benefit it was
established, and the substituted company must be recognizably the successor to
the business and workforce of the company for which it was to be substituted: it
was not enough that it was a member of the same group, or the holding company of
the group. The proposed substitution was ultra vires.

His Lordship also held that whether or not the closure of the schemes in
February 1986 to new entrants was or was not intended to be irrevocable, the
true question was whether the closure of any scheme could be entrenched against
a future exercise of a power to amend.

There was no need for such entrenchment, the company being sufficiently
protected by being a necessary party to amendments to re-open it, and the
members of a closed scheme being likewise similarly protected, by the fact that
the committee was a necessary party to any amendment.

The committee's powers were fiduciary, and present members could not deprive
their successors of the right to exercise the power of amendment: see In re
Wills Trust Deeds ((1964) Ch 219).

Whether or not the closure could have been made proof against future re-opening,
that had not been done, and the court would declare that the committee were (a)
at liberty, but (b) not bound to execute any deeds amending the trust deeds or
rules for the purpose of re-opening the schemes to new members.

Hanson's proposals, which his Lordship had disallowed, were designed to remove
for its own benefit, or for the benefit of employees in other Hanson Group
companies, all but pounds 10 million of the surplus, thus reducing or
extinguishing the employees' present expectation of continued suspension of
contributions.

They thus raised the wider and controversial issue of whether surpluses should
be regarded as available to the employer or as belonging wholly or partly to the
members.

The point did not arise directly for decision, but it was right to explain why
his Lordship had not based his decision on the ground that Hanson's proposals
would deprive the employees of an accrued legal right.

The surpluses arose from what, with hindsight, could be seen as past
over-funding, so that prima facie, if returnable and not used to increase
benefits, they ought to be returned to those who contributed them.

In a contributory scheme that might be thought to be in proportion to the
respective contributions of employees and employer but that was not necessarily
or always the case.

In the present instance the employees had no right to a 'contributions holiday',
and any surplus was due to past over-funding by the employer alone.

It would, however, only be in rare cases that the employer would have any legal
right to repayment of any part of the surplus, since regulations were expected
shortly to be made under section 64 of the Social Security Act 1973, as amended,
under which any repayment would normally require co-operation between employer
and trustees or committee of management.

The members, while having no legal right to participate in the surplus, objected
to being transferred compulsorily to a new scheme of which they knew nothing
except that it had a relatively small surplus, and they were entitled to have
their objections dealt with by discussion and negotiation, and not to be
irrevocably parted from the surplus by the unilateral decision of a take-over
raider.

Solicitors: Linklaters & Paines; Nabarro Nathanson; Lovell White & King; Nabarro
Nathanson.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              951 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            December 22 1986, Monday

Law Report: Pension fund surplus cannot be removed by new owners

SECTION: Issue 62647.

LENGTH: 2064 words


In re Courage Pension Schemes

Ryan and Others v Imperial Brewery & Leisure Ltd and Others


Before Mr Justice Millett

(Judgment December 10)

Proposals by Hanson Trust plc designed to remove, for its own benefit or the
benefit of other employees in other companies in the Hanson Group, all but
pounds 10 million of the surplus of pounds 80 million in three pension schemes
intended for the benefit of employees of Imperial Brewing & Leisure Ltd (IBL)
were disallowed by Mr Justice Millett in the Chancery Division.

His Lordship held that the committee of management of the schemes were not bound
to concur in executing the proposed deed amending the trust deeds or rules. The
proposed amending deeds, as presently drawn were outside the power to amend the
trust deeds and rules.

His Lordship so held on an originating summons taken out by the plaintiffs,
Bernard Joseph Ryan and others, the committee of management for the pension
schemes, against IBL, Graham Horsford Griffin, a member of the Courage Staff
Pension Scheme, and Imperial Group Pension Trust Ltd and Imperial Group Pension
Investment Ltd, the custodian trustees.

Mr Edward Nugee, QC and Mr Nicholas Warren for the plaintiffs; Mr Nigel
Inglis-Jones, QC and Mr Geoffrey Topham for IBL; Mr Michael Hart for Mr Griffin;
Mr Geoffrey Topham for the custodian trustee companies.

MR JUSTICE MILLETT said that in April 1986, Hanson Trust plc acquired Imperial
Group plc, one of whose subsidiaries was IBL.

After sale of part of IBL's undertaking, IBL and its remaining subsidiaries now
consisted of only three companies, described as the Courage Group of companies.

In September, Hanson agreed to sell IBL to an Australian company, Elders IXL
Ltd, for approximately pounds 1.4 billion. The sale became unconditional on
November 14 and was completed on November 19.

IBL operated three contributory pension schemes for employees in the group, each
governed by its own trust deed and rules. The Courage Retail Managers Scheme,
established in 1956 by Barclay Perkins & Co Ltd for managers of off-licences,
received new rules in 1963 when IBL was substituted as 'the company' for
purposes of the scheme.

The Courage Staff Pension Scheme and the Courage Employees Pension Scheme,
originally non-contributory, were established by IBL for employees in IBL and
its associated companies.

The plaintiffs constituted the committee of management for all three schemes,
whose assets totalled about pounds 252 million, their estimated surplus of
assets over liabilities being about pounds 80 million.

In February 1986 the committee inserted a new clause, whose effect was to close
each scheme to new entrants, in order to protect the assets, particularly the
surplus, against what was described as 'a predator'.

Without such action other companies in the Hanson Group would have become
'associated companies' entitled to participate in funds built up by IBL over
many years.

Hanson made no secret of its desire to remove for its own benefit or for the
benefit of employees of companies remaining in the Hanson Group, most of the
pounds 80 million surplus.

Despite the sale of IBL to Elders, Hanson proposed that the pension schemes
should remain with Hanson, which would be substituted as 'the company' for
purposes of the schemes.

When explained, those proposals aroused concern among the committee members,
since the effect would be to exclude employees from benefit, although they
continued to be employed by the same employer, and would leave pensioners in
schemes operated by Hanson, a company with which they had no or only the most
tenuous connection.

After legal advice the committee issued their originating summons on November 5,
asking whether they were (a) at liberty or (b) bound to execute the proposed
amending trust deeds.

Hanson contended that they were so bound and had no discretion in the matter,
and it had executed interim schemes, allowing for new entrants to be added, the
new deeds lacking only execution by the committee.

It was clear, and common ground, that the Courage Retail Managers Pension Scheme
, vested the power to amend the rules in the committee, with the consent of the
participating companies, and it followed, as was conceded, that the committee
had a full discretion, that the amending deed would have no effect until
executed by the committee, and that its validity would then fall to be
considered as at the date when so executed.

The relevant clause in the other two schemes was, in his Lordship's view,
ambiguous but his lordship had no doubt that its correct meaning was that the
committee was required, not as Mr Inglis-Jones contended, to concur 'in the
execution of' the amending deed by the company, but to concur 'in executing' the
amending deed itself, the word 'concur' denoting an act of voluntary agreement.

To exclude the committee's discretion would not only deny any effective
protection to members, but would make nonsense of the careful allocation of
powers found elsewhere in the trust deed and rules.

But the committee were only entitled to join in executing the proposed amending
deeds if the proposed amendments were within the power to amend and could
properly be made.

They must not infringe the provisos to the rule-amending power, particularly the
express prohibition against altering the scheme's 'main purpose', namely the
provision of pensions on retirement at a specified age for members. Such a power
was given for the purpose of promoting not altering the scheme.

Whenever possible the deed's provisions should be construed so as to give
reasonable and practical effect to the scheme, bearing in mind that it had to
operate against a constantly changing commercial background, the scheme being
intended not for employees of a single company, but for those of a group of
companies.

Even a 'main purpose' might be changed by degrees, as was demonstrated by
Thellusson v Viscount Valentia ((1907) 2 Ch 1) concerned with Hurlingham Club
whose initial object, to provide a ground for pigeon shooting, changed later to
a ground for polo and other sports.

It was a novel and startling proposition that a company, and its associated
companies participating in a pension scheme, could be sold and continue to
employ substantially its whole workforce, for whose benefit the scheme was
established, and yet the scheme itself be excluded from the sale.

His Lordship's first reaction, namely that substituting one company for another
as principal company for the scheme was necessarily outside the rule-amending
power, proved, however, to be too sweeping a conclusion.

After examining the terms of the three schemes, his Lordship said there was a
limited right to substitute another company for IBL, but only if the company was
being wound up for reconstruction or amalgamation, and the only company that
could be substituted was the reconstructed or amalgamated company.

Sale of an associated company out of the group would cause a partial dissolution
of the scheme, but unless another company was first substituted, the sale of IBL
itself would not affect the schemes at all.

It was obviously desirable that some provision for substitution should be
included in a group scheme; it would be unfortunate if the whole scheme had to
be wound up merely because, on a group reconstruction, the principal company was
put into liquidation.

A pension scheme was established, not for a particular company, but for those
employed in a commercial undertaking, and provision could properly be made for
the scheme to continue for their benefit, if, on a reconstruction, the
undertaking was transferred from one company to another within the group, and if
it remained identifiably the same.

Such provisions could properly be said to promote the main purpose, and not to
alter it.

That, however, was not the present case at all; the Courage Group had not been
reconstructed, but sold.

The purpose of the proposed substitution of Hanson for IBL was not to preserve
the schemes in existence for the benefit of those employed in the undertaking,
but was to prevent that from happening, and to bring about an unnecessary
dissolution of the schemes which would not otherwise occur.

The need for some provision to be made for substitution showed that the identity
of 'the company' was not of the essence or part of the 'main purpose' of the
schemes.

It did not follow that an unlimited power of substitution could be validly
introduced, or that any company could properly be substituted in any
circumstances and for any purposes.

The simple fact was that Hanson did not employ and never had employed any of the
employees for whose benefit the schemes were established.

The circumstances must be such that substitution was necessary or at least
expedient in order to preserve the scheme for those for whose benefit it was
established, and the substituted company must be recognizably the successor to
the business and workforce of the company for which it was to be substituted: it
was not enough that it was a member of the same group, or the holding company of
the group. The proposed substitution was ultra vires.

His Lordship also held that whether or not the closure of the schemes in
February 1986 to new entrants was or was not intended to be irrevocable, the
true question was whether the closure of any scheme could be entrenched against
a future exercise of a power to amend.

There was no need for such entrenchment, the company being sufficiently
protected by being a necessary party to amendments to re-open it, and the
members of a closed scheme being likewise similarly protected, by the fact that
the committee was a necessary party to any amendment.

The committee's powers were fiduciary, and present members could not deprive
their successors of the right to exercise the power of amendment: see In re
Wills Trust Deeds ((1964) Ch 219).

Whether or not the closure could have been made proof against future re-opening,
that had not been done, and the court would declare that the committee were (a)
at liberty, but (b) not bound to execute any deeds amending the trust deeds or
rules for the purpose of re-opening the schemes to new members.

Hanson's proposals, which his Lordship had disallowed, were designed to remove
for its own benefit, or for the benefit of employees in other Hanson Group
companies, all but pounds 10 million of the surplus, thus reducing or
extinguishing the employees' present expectation of continued suspension of
contributions.

They thus raised the wider and controversial issue of whether surpluses should
be regarded as available to the employer or as belonging wholly or partly to the
members.

The point did not arise directly for decision, but it was right to explain why
his Lordship had not based his decision on the ground that Hanson's proposals
would deprive the employees of an accrued legal right.

The surpluses arose from what, with hindsight, could be seen as past
over-funding, so that prima facie, if returnable and not used to increase
benefits, they ought to be returned to those who contributed them.

In a contributory scheme that might be thought to be in proportion to the
respective contributions of employees and employer but that was not necessarily
or always the case.

In the present instance the employees had no right to a 'contributions holiday',
and any surplus was due to past over-funding by the employer alone.

It would, however, only be in rare cases that the employer would have any legal
right to repayment of any part of the surplus, since regulations were expected
shortly to be made under section 64 of the Social Security Act 1973, as amended,
under which any repayment would normally require co-operation between employer
and trustees or committee of management.

The members, while having no legal right to participate in the surplus, objected
to being transferred compulsorily to a new scheme of which they knew nothing
except that it had a relatively small surplus, and they were entitled to have
their objections dealt with by discussion and negotiation, and not to be
irrevocably parted from the surplus by the unilateral decision of a take-over
raider.

Solicitors: Linklaters & Paines; Nabarro Nathanson; Lovell White & King; Nabarro
Nathanson.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              952 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 12, 1985

Week-End Money (Pension Points): Occupational therapy / Company pension schemes

BYLINE: By DAVID WORSFOLD

LENGTH: 1130 words


Radical changes to our pensions provision are in the air, and yet most of us do
not really understand the present set up.

We all know that when we retire we are in line for a basic state pension and
that we will probably get something on top of it. Where this second part of our
pension comes from depends entirely on our employment history.


The basic state pension is a mean offering and getting meaner. It is currently
pounds 35.80 a week for a single person and pounds 57.30 for a married couple.
It is increased every year in the autumn in line with price increase over the
previous year. Until 1980 it rose with earnings,which nearly always rise faster
than prices as a living standards improve. The pounds 35.80 currently represents
about 20 per cent of national average earnings but, if recent history repeated
itself, it would fall to under 10 per cent of average earnings over the next 50
years unless the link with earnings is restored.

The additions to the basic pension come in many forms. Since 1978 the state has
provided a second tier in the form of the State Earnings Related Pension scheme
(Serps). It is this part of the state provision that Norman Fowler and his
allies in the Government had been planning to end in 1987. Serps is intended to
provide you with an additional pension of roughly one quarter of your best 20
years earnings. You will be in Serps unless you are self-employed or in an
occupational pension scheme set up by your employer, about which more later.

Serps operates between a lower limit of approximately the present single
person's pension (the limit is presently pounds 35.50 a week) and an upper limit
of pounds 265 a week. Between these limits you will receive a pension of 1/80th
of each year's salary - the salary is revalued every year in line with national
average earnings - for the 20 years in which you earned the most. If you earned
over pounds 265 a week in any year of your employment you will be treated as
having earned the maximum.

Your employer can if he wishes, take on all, or part of, this second tier
pension through an occupational scheme. At present about half of the workforce
is in an occupational scheme at any one time and occupational pensions account
for about 20 per cent of all pension income.

The first type of occupational pension is one that leaves you 'contracted in' to
the state scheme. This means that you will pay the same level of national
insurance contribution as if there were no company pension scheme in force and
that, at retirement, you will receive a three part pension: (i) basic state
pension; (ii) the state earnings related pension; and (iii) an additional top-up
from your company.

The company pension is usually designed to offer you a pension of up to two
thirds of your final salary is you have worked for the same employer for 40
years and it is called, not surprisingly, a final salary scheme. You will
usually have to contribute some of your earnings to the scheme and the employer
will also make contributions on your behalf. You will actually receive 1/60th of
your final pay for each year of service.

Some older company pension schemes and some of those for smaller firms work on a
different principle, however. Instead of defining the benefit you receive like a
final salary scheme, they define the contributions that your and your employer
make. These are the 'money purchase' schemes. You pay whatever pension that
money will buy at the end of the day. This is usually a smaller pension than can
be achieved through a final salary scheme and your pension will particularly
suffer in times of high inflation. Although your contribution to a money
purchase scheme may by an attractive pension this year, in 30 years time
inflation will have whittled it away to a pittance. A final salary scheme's big
advantage is that is is based on your last full year's earnings before
retirement.

Other occupational pension schemes are 'contracted out' of the state scheme. To
do this, they must fulfil a number of conditions, one of which is that must
offer a guaranteed minimum pension equivalent to that equivalent under Serps.

If you are in a contracted out scheme you will be paying lower national
insurance contributions but may have to contribute something to the scheme
yourself. Non-contributory pension schemes (where the employer pays entirely for
your pension) are among the most coveted of employee perks. Like the
contracted-in occupational pensions, a contracted-out scheme, whether you
contribute or not, usually aims to provide a maximum of two-thirds of your final
salary as a pension, based on the same formula of 1/60th of your final salary
for every year you haver served.

One important (difference to not is that with the contracted in scheme the two
thirds of final salary are in addition to both Serps and the basic State
pension, whereas is contracted out scheme is merely in addition to the basic
State pension.

There are one or two further complication on top of all this. Firstly, you may
find that even though you are in a contracted-out scheme you will still receive
some Serps pension because of some technical differences in the way that Serps
and the company scheme's guaranteed minimum pensions are calculated.

Secondly, you may be able to make some additional voluntary contributions AVCs,
to top up your pension. Up to 15 per cent of your earnings, less contribution
made to existing pension schemes, can be invester in AVCs, although your
employer has the final say in whether you can do this.

Those not in an occupational scheme are treated in the same way as the self
employed and can contribute up to 17.5 per cent of the annual earnings to a
personal pension plan, indeed these are often called self-employed pensions
plans. Those nearer retirement can contribute more (see table).

Personal pensions plans work on the money purchase principle, so it is important
not to be fooled by the huge numbers of the bottom of quotations showing what
you might be drawing as pension in 20 or 30 year' time as it will be
substantially eroded by inflation, before you can get your hands, on it. When
you retire you will get your State pension plus Serps plus your privately
arranged personal pension. The self-employed, however, do not participate in
Serps.

Maximum level of salary that can be contributed to a self-employed or personal
pension plan:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Born in 1983 or later               17.5%
 1916 to 1933                        20.0%
 1914 or 1915                        21.0%
 1912 or 1913                        24.0%
 1910 or 1911                        26.5%
 1906 or 1909                        29.5%
 1907 or earlier                     32.5%
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              953 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 25, 1989 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

SUPER SCHEMES: EMPLOYER V PRIVATE

BYLINE: JOHN MANGAN

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 705 words


IF your employer has a voluntary superannuation fund you are faced with three
options - joining your employer's scheme, buying into a private personal scheme
or doing a combination of the two, using the personal super to "top up"the
employer scheme.

An increasing number of public funds which were compulsory are now voluntary.
Private sector schemes also often give you the choice of whether to belong.

So should you join your employer's super scheme?

It depends on the scheme. There are two main varieties - final salary and
accumulation.

Final salary schemes' pay-outs are calculated as a multiple of your final
salary. They are hard to beat if you plan to stay with a company until
retirement, according to Mr Gavin Ross, adviser and chairman of the
International Association of Financial Planners (Australia). But if you leave
before retirement - as most people do these days - you may receive only your own
contributions back, with low interest.

Accumulation schemes usually require you and your employer to pay into the fund
regularly. Typically, you might both contribute 5 per cent of your salary. When
you leave you get your own contributions back, plus their earnings and a portion
of your employer's contributions. The portion of your employer's contributions
depends on the fund's "vesting".

Vesting is the extent to which your employer's contributions are signed over to
you: an important factor to consider when rating your employer's fund

Older funds have little vesting so you may only get your employer's
contributions if you stay with the company until retirement.

The more a fund is vested the better, if you expect to leave your employer
before retirement. Many funds increase your vesting by a rate of 10 per cent a
year, so that after being in the fund for 10 years you are entitled to all of
your employer's contributions.

Employer-sponsored schemes are often more attractive than personal super, since
you get the benefit of your employer's contributions as well as your own.

The NSW State Authorities Superannuation Scheme (SASS) has produced figures
which show that you will get considerably more if you invest in their scheme
than if you invest in a personal scheme.

Assuming you start on a salary of $20,000, you contribute 6 per cent a year and
both the personal and employer funds earn 11 per cent a year, the SASS estimates
that after 30 years you would be entitled to over $1,100,000 from the employer
scheme.

If you had put the same money into a personal scheme you would only be entitled
to $500,000.

The difference is largely because the employer fund includes contributions from
the employer, worth $700,000 over the 30 years.

Also, you are not usually given the choice of receiving your employer's super
contributions as cash, so the only way you will get this benefit is to join the
super scheme. This makes employer schemes attractive.

Another advantage of employer schemes is that contributions can be deducted from
your salary automatically, says Mr Peter Brand of Coles Myer's Executive Super
Fund. Also, fees are usually lower than on personal super schemes.

However, if the investment strategy of your company's fund does not appeal to
you - for example, you may want your money invested more aggressively - you can
shop around the personal funds and see if there is one that better suits you.

Personal schemes are attractive to people who expect to change jobs often. "If
you are only planning on staying six months, then usually you'd be better off in
a personal scheme which you can take with you to your new job," says Mr Ross.

Personal funds are usually more flexible than company schemes, says Mr Alan
Doble, AMP's superannuation manager for Victoria - for example, in allowing you
to increase your contributions. Also you can usually add one-off premiums.
Company funds may have limits in the trust deeds governing the amount you can
contribute.

Personal funds also carry a tax break - the first $3000 you pay is tax
deductible. From next July some contributions to employer funds will also be tax
deductible, depending on the size of the employer's contribution.

As personal and employer-based funds ultimately invest in the same investments,
one sort of fund will not inevitably outperform the other.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                  May 26, 2001

Years more on your working life;Pensions timebomb could see schemes wound up and
people having to stay on to age 75

BYLINE: Gillian Barton

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 786 words


Pension promises made by companies to millions of workers are in danger of
becoming "increasingly unaffordable," according to Peter Thompson, new chairman
of the National Association of Pension Funds (NAPF).

The cost of providing a company pension at age 60 is already 40% higher than it
was five years ago thanks to a combination of falling yields on government
stocks and what Peter Thompson calls "the longevity revolution" - and cost
pressures are still mounting.

Improvements in life expectancy mean that workers retiring today at age 60 can
expect to live for another 25 years whereas, back in the early 1900s, they might
have had only 14 years in retirement.

"The retired segment of our lives cannot continue to expand, apparently without
limit, while the working part stays the same or reduces" says Peter Thompson. He
warns that it might be necessary to work on, albeit part-time, to age 75 if
people are to have the money to enjoy a comfortable old age.

"What is needed is a fundamental review of what we mean by retirement" he adds.

Adding to the cost pressures imposed by longer life expectancy and falling gilt
yields is one of Gordon Brown's infamous stealth taxes. Imposed in July 1997, it
looks set to cost company schemes an extra £50bn over the next ten years.

In the face of the mounting costs, companies are responding by moving away from
defined benefit type pension schemes - where workers know they will retire with
a certain proportion of their previous salaries as a pension - towards defined
contribution schemes, where only the amount of money going into the scheme is
known for sure.

With final salary schemes it's the employer who takes all the risks. The company
makes promises to its workers about the level of their future pension and has to
put more money into the scheme if it looks like falling short.

With defined contribution - also known as money purchase schemes - the risk is
moved onto the employees' shoulders. They simply make contributions into an
investment fund during their working life. At retirement that accumulated fund
buys what-ever level of pension is available at the time - which could bear
little resemblance to the amount of money they were earning before retirement.

In order to keep the promises made on final salary schemes, companies are having
to pump more money in. Firms that cannot afford to - or choose not to -
contribute more cash are closing schemes.

As well as being chairman of the NAPF, Peter Thompson is also a consulting
actuary and says: "Virtually every one of the clients I advise has seen a
substantial increase in the rate of employer contribution to its defined benefit
pension scheme, and several have responded by closing their schemes to new
entrants."

Just last month, for instance, BT announced that it was closing its £29bn final
salary scheme to new recruits - and this news comes on top of

similar announcements from other major companies such as Barclays Bank, Legal &
Gen-eral, and WH Smith.

The number of final salary schemes in existence continues to grow, but new money
purchase schemes are growing at a much faster rate - more than doubling from 70
to 154 last year.

Even a money purchase scheme is better than nothing at all. After all, employers
usually contribute something to a money purchase scheme, whereas employees with
personal or stakeholder pensions usually have to fund all the contributions
themselves.

But the big fear is that companies under pressure will not only close schemes to
new recruits but wind up their schemes completely, which could have devastating
consequences for employees.

Under the current rules a scheme can be wound up so long as it meets a
government solvency test known as the minimum funding requirement (MFR).

The trouble is that, with the rising cost of annuities, this could leave
employees with 30% less pension at retirement.

"All the MFR does is provide the cash equivalent of a pension to people in the
scheme," says Penny Webster at actuaries Bacon & Woodrow. "That's the amount you
would be able to take with you if you were transferring to another pension
scheme. But this could be far less than the amount needed to buy your promised
pension at retirement."

The government has promised to scrap the MFR, and the NAPF - which speaks for
£850bn of pension fund money - wants any new protection system to include
safeguards to prevent companies walking away from their commitments to
employees.

In the meantime, it's important to remember that company pension savings are
safe and employees should not be panicked into leaving their schemes for the
even greater uncertainties of personal pensions.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: LIFE'S WORK: Charlie Chaplin satirised rigours of employment in Modern
Times, but tomorrow's pensioners may have to work far longer to earn the
benefits they are expecting

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2001 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              955 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            December 18, 2009 Friday

Employers intend to cut costly 'benefit' pensions

SECTION: BUSINESS; Irish Business

LENGTH: 386 words


A QUARTER of employers are considering changing the benefits for workers who
have defined benefit pension schemes.

One in five is considering stopping any further benefits being earned in the
scheme, and will replace it with a defined contribution scheme or some form of a
hybrid scheme, a new Mercer survey shows.

A move like this would mean workers would continue to have a defined benefit
pension for past service, but will be in a defined contribution scheme, or some
form of hybrid scheme, in future.

Investment returns have been strong over the past six months, but the recovery
has not been sufficient to lift most defined benefit schemes out of deficit,
Mercer said.

Most employers and trustees are keen to know what actions are being taken for
other schemes, but very few schemes have actually submitted funding proposals to
the Pensions Board.

Around 10pc of schemes were due to finalise their plans by the end of this year,
but the Pensions Board has now extended this deadline to the end of June 2010,
Mercer added.

The bulk of schemes have until the end of next year to finalise their plans.

Consultant

Senior consultant with Mercer Aisling Kennedy warned: "2010 will be a
significant milestone for Irish defined benefit pension schemes, as employers
and trustees reach conclusions as to how to address scheme deficits.

"The scale of the deficits will trigger significant structural changes to many
schemes."

More than half of the defined benefit pension schemes surveyed said they expect
to maintain their current benefit structures, with the employer making higher
contributions.

However, Mercer expects thismay change over the next year, as employers come to
terms with the scale of the costs involved. Of the remainder, around 25pc of the
schemes are planning to increase member contributions.

Around one in seven schemes is considering a change to benefits that members
have already earned. This will require an application to the Pensions Board
under Section 50 of the Pensions Act.

As the criteria laid down by the board for such applications are demanding, it
is unlikely that a reduction in benefits already earned will be made in all
cases where it is under consideration, Ms Kennedy said.

In around one in seven cases, the wind-up of the scheme is either planned or is
being considered.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Over Rs 4bln approved for 1,766 uplift schemes

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 357

LENGTH: 355  words


Under the vision of Chief Minister Punjab Mohammad Shehbaz Sharif the Divisional
Working Party has approved Rs 4 billion for 1,766 development schemes in
Sargodha division.

On Tuesday, the commissioner office has released the details of such projects
including 190 schemes of provincial development scheme, 522 millennium
development goals, 39 district development programs,

947 school education sector and 16 schemes are related to the provision of
modern infrastructure in various district and tehsil headquarters hospitals.

Similarly, Rs 1.74 billion will be spent on 190 Punjab developments whereas
388.200 million for 54 development schemes of KPRRP.

Rs 9.2 million has been allocated for 522 schemes of Pak millennium goal, Rs 3.1
million for the completion of 39 schemes of district development program while
in addition, Rs 18.3 million were being spent on 947 school education sectors
and Rs 5.4 million have been disbursed for revolutionise the health sector by
equipping the tehsil and district headquarters hospitals with latest machinery
and medical implements.

On the other hand, Rs 3.64 billion would be spent on 120 schemes of district
Sargodha.

Rs 120 million had been allocated for 67 schemes of Pak Millennium Goal package
including 12 schemes of local government in NA-64, 22 schemes of FESCO in NA-65,
nine schemes of Public Health Engineering for NA-66, 18 schemes of local
government, FESCO and education and 22 schemes of FESCO for NA-65.

Similarly, Rs 24 million each has been kept for six development projects of
NA-68, Rs 80 million are being spent on nine schemes of the Buildings
Department, out of annual development programme-2016-2017, whereas Rs 2.35
billion has been allocated for the completion of two schemes of Public Health
Engineer, out of which Rs 340 million has been utilised so far.

Also, Rs 717 million have been reserved for construction of major link and other
roads including two-way road from Sargodha to Sial Morr motorway interchange,
Gujrat-Salam Road, Faisalabad-Sargodha Road and some other roads to provide
better traveling opportunities to the people of Sargodha and adjoining
districts.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Over Rs 4bln approved for 1,766 uplift schemes

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: New York



 SARGODHA: Under the vision of Chief Minister Punjab
 Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif the Divisional Working Party has approved
 Rs 4 billion for 1,766 development schemes in Sargodha division.
 On Tuesday, the commissioner office has released the details of such
 projects including 190 schemes of provincial development scheme, 522 millennium
development goals, 39 district development programs,
 947 school education sector and 16 schemes are related to the
 provision of modern infrastructure in various district and tehsil headquarters
hospitals.


 Similarly, Rs 1.74 billion will be spent on 190 Punjab developments
 whereas 388.200 million for 54 development schemes of KPRRP.
 Rs 9.2 million has been allocated for 522 schemes of Pak millennium
 goal, Rs 3.1 million for the completion of 39 schemes of district development
program while in addition, Rs 18.3 million were being spent on 947 school
education sectors and Rs 5.4 million have been disbursed for revolutionise the
health sector by equipping the tehsil and district headquarters hospitals with
latest machinery and medical implements.
 On the other hand, Rs 3.64 billion would be spent on 120 schemes of
 district Sargodha.
 Rs 120 million had been allocated for 67 schemes of Pak Millennium Goal
 package including 12 schemes of local government in NA-64, 22 schemes of FESCO
in NA-65, nine schemes of Public Health Engineering for NA-66, 18 schemes of
local government, FESCO and education and 22 schemes of FESCO for NA-65.
 Similarly, Rs 24 million each has been kept for six development projects
 of NA-68, Rs 80 million are being spent on nine schemes of the Buildings
Department, out of annual development programme-2016-2017, whereas Rs 2.35
billion has been allocated for the completion of two schemes of Public Health
Engineer, out of which Rs 340 million has been utilised so far.
 Also, Rs 717 million have been reserved for construction of major
 link and other roads including two-way road from Sargodha to Sial Morr motorway
interchange, Gujrat-Salam Road, Faisalabad-Sargodha Road and
 some other roads to provide better traveling opportunities to the people of
Sargodha and adjoining districts.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Blog: If A Personal Pension Scheme Is Not A Collective Investment Scheme,
What Is A Personal Pension Scheme?

LENGTH: 1095 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   Article 3 of the Collective Investment Schemes Order (SI 2001/1062) (the
Order) makes it clear that "A personal pension scheme [is] not &hellip; a
collective investment scheme", but it doesn't tell us whether "personal pension
scheme" includes the mechanism linked to the pension scheme, which is used to
invest that scheme's assets.





 In Ian Gray & Associates Limited -v- Investments Limited (in liquidation), the
High Court found that the reference to "personal pension scheme" in article 3 of
the Order does include the mechanism that's used to invest the scheme's assets -
even when that mechanism relies on 3rd-parties. However, the Order is "not easy
to construe &hellip;different minds could reasonably take different views
&hellip; and hence &hellip; an appeal would have a real prospect of success". So
"permission to appeal" was granted. It's not yet known whether the appeal will
be pursued.



 Ian Gray & Associates Limited (IGA) was an independent financial advisor, and
an Appointed Representative of Investments Limited (IA). Relevant IGA clients
transferred their pension funds into a bespoke self-invested personal pension
(SIPP). IGA's clients' funds were pooled in the hands of the SIPP trustee,
before being transferred to a 3rd-party for investment. The 3rd-party was a
broker, and it was expected to invest "the pooled fund on the instructions of
investment managers under consultancy with IGA, IGA having entered into
discretionary fund management agreements with each of its clients".



 Under section 235 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, "collective
investment scheme" means:



     "(1) &hellip; any arrangement with respect to property of any description,
including money, the purpose or effect of which is to enable persons taking part
in the arrangements &hellip; to participate in or receive profits or income
arising from the acquisition, holding, management or disposal of the property or
sums paid out of such profits or income.



     (2) The arrangements must be such that the persons who are to participate
&hellip; do not have day-to-day control over the management of the property
&hellip;



     (3) The arrangements must also have either or both of [these]
characteristics: (a) the contributions of the participants and the profits or
income out of which payments are to be made to them are pooled; [and/or] (b) the
property is managed as a whole by or on behalf of the operator of the scheme".



 It was common ground between IGA and IA that, if article 3 of the Order had not
been made, when IGA's clients' funds were pooled in the hands of the SIPP
trustee, a CIS would have been created. But there was a dispute between them
about whether the 3rd-party / investment managers / IGA investment mechanism was
part of the "personal pension scheme", or not. If the investment mechanism was
part of the "personal pension scheme", it wouldn't be a CIS; but if it wasn't
part of the personal pension scheme, the opposite would be true.



 The Court found that "If the pensions exemption did not include the mechanism
for investment, a personal pension scheme could never amount to a CIS", so
article 3 would not be required. "[T]he pensions exemption would have no
function unless it covered such pooling and investment as happened here. Pension
schemes have to invest to provide pensions. If there is more than one
participant in the pension scheme, there is necessarily a pooling of funds as a
preliminary to investment. The fact that the actual investment was directed by
IGA rather than [the] operator or &hellip; trustee [of the SIPP] seems to me
irrelevant. The [first instance] decision in [the FSA -v-] Fradley [2004 EWHC
3008] shows that there can be a CIS without any actual investment &hellip; but
it does not show how the pensions exemption would have a function if the pooling
and subsequent investment carried out for the &hellip; SIPP fell outside it.
Hence, in my judgment, the investment arrangements are to be treated as forming
part of the &hellip; SIPP for the purpose of the pensions exemption. That is,
the investment arrangements do not amount to or form part of a CIS".



 Unfortunately, like article 3 of the Order, this part of the judgment is "not
easy to construe" either. However, the Court's reasoning seems to be flawed in
at least two different ways.



 (1) Article 2 of the Order defines a "personal pension scheme" as "a scheme or
arrangement &hellip; having or capable of having effect so as to provide
benefits to or in respect of people (a) on retirement; (b) on having reached a
particular age; or (c) on termination of service in an employment" (emphasis
supplied).  It is not therefore true to say that "If the pensions exemption did
not include the mechanism for investment, a personal pension scheme could never
amount to a CIS". If two or more people are participating the relevant "personal
pension scheme", there will be pooling, and there would therefore be a CIS, if
article 3 had not been made. It's not therefore necessary to include the
investment mechanism to secure the pooling required to create the CIS, which
article 3 was made to "cancel".



 (2) The Court quotes from chapter 12 of the FCA's Perimeter Guidance Manual,
which includes a question: "I intend to operate a personal pension scheme under
which members will acquire benefits derived from the management of a pool of
assets. Will the scheme become a [CIS]?" And an answer: "No. Personal pension
schemes &hellip; are specifically exempted from being [CISs] However, where a
personal pension scheme invests in a pooled investment vehicle of some kind,
that vehicle may itself be a [CIS] unless another exemption applies to it".  In
other words, a personal pension scheme, and the investment vehicle in which the
scheme's assets are invested, are different things; the investment vehicle may
or may not be a CIS; and it's CIS / non-CIS status will not be affected by the
CIS status of the personal pension scheme, one way or the other. This doesn't
necessarily mean that the investment mechanism in this case was a CIS; but it
seems to suggest that the mechanism has, or at least could have, its own CIS /
non-CIS status, and that a separate analysis is required. If that's right, that
analysis hasn't been done yet; and it will now fall to the Court of Appeal to do
it (if the appeal in the current case is pursued).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Most water schemes defunct in Valley

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Dec. 17 -- As scores of water supply schemes lay defunct in Kashmir,
the current PDP-BJP Coalition blamed previous regimes for establishing these
schemes without prior 'survey and research'.

Thousands of water supply schemes were taken up for execution over the years but
majority of them have not been completed resulting into the acute water scarcity
in the respective areas.

Minister of state for PHE, Abdul Majeed Paddar told The Kashmir Monitor that
majority of the water supply schemes launched by the previous government had
'multiple defects' due to which they couldn't not be completed.

"Basically these water supply schemes have not been taken seriously; the
previous government established them without any prior research in various
areas. Before launching any water supply scheme, we need to look at various
aspects including source, reservoirs, filtration plant and distribution. When
all these aspects have not been looked upon naturally it will not work for
long," he said.

Paddar also said that the government will conduct a research on these schemes to
overcome the technical defects besides establishing new ones in these areas.

"Even my constituency Kulgam has presently 26 water supply schemes out of which
only six are functional. We will look into these schemes on war-footing manner
and some new schemes will be established to benefit the people," he added.

Meanwhile sources said the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department has taken
up thousands of water supply schemes for execution in the state during the past
one decade. However majority of these schemes are non-functional either due to
the lack of funds or due to some other technical reasons.

In Baramulla district, sources said during the last 10 years, the work on over
200 water supply schemes was started but only 30 schemes have been completed.

In Budgam district's Chadoora area, sources said the work on around 30 schemes
was started for the past five years, but the government has failed to complete
these schemes owing which people fetch water from streams and other contaminated
water sources.

Officials sources say the worst affected of non-completion of these schemes are
people from far-flung areas of Handwara, Uri, Kulgam and Gurez.

In some areas, water is being supplied through water tanks while in some areas
people fetch water from streams and rivers without being filtered.

A team of National Coalition of Humanitarian Agencies of India (NCHAI) carried
out the secondary data analysis in the backdrop of the last year September
floods.

The findings of the team have revealed that 63.9 per cent of the households get
tap water of which only 34.7 per cent get it from treated (dependable and clean)
sources in Kashmir. While as 29.2 per cent of the households get tap water from
untreated sources, and 6.7 per cent fetch water from rivers and canals.

Earlier the Minister for PHE, Sukhnandan Kumar said that majority of water
supply schemes on which work was started over the years could not be completed
due to non-availability of funds.

"The previous government had started work on water supply schemes for execution
without knowing the source of funds. Now we will only start the work on those
schemes which could be completed in due time," the PHE Minister told The Kashmir
Monitor.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday
                                Chennai Edition

WOMEN'S WELFARE - Jaya takes on Oppn, courts women with health schemes

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 441 words


If the idea was to take the sting out of the opposi tion's prohibition campaign
and to appease women, chief minister J Jayalalithaa couldn't have done better.

Announcing four new schemes in the assembly on Tuesday -Amma Master Health
Check-up Scheme, Amma Women Special Master Health Check-up Scheme, Amma Arogya
Scheme and Amma Pregnancy Sanjeevi Scheme -she said the four welfare schemes
would together cost the exchequer '20 crore.

The first two schemes will be implemented at the Government General Hospital and
women can make use of the Amma Arogya Scheme and Amma Pregnancy Sanjeevi schemes
at all district hospitals and primary health centres, the chief minister said.

"Though there are many private hospitals that offer master health check-up
options, it costs anywhere between '5,000 and '12,000 and not many can afford
these check-ups. As a pilot project, the Amma Master Health Check-up Scheme will
be implemented at the Government Government Hospital," Jayalalithaa said. Under
the scheme, people can undergo various tests to check for diabetes, blood
pressure and hepatitis B at a nominal cost. The Amma Woman Special Master Health
Check-up

man Special Master Health Check-up Scheme is exclusively for women under which
they can go through tests listed under the general mas ter health check-up
besides un dergo digital mammogram, thy

roid tests and pap smear tests for cervical cancer.

The government has sanctioned '10 lakh for Government Government Hospital to
purchase new equipment to implement these schemes," said Jayalalithaa.

These two schemes will initially be for women in Chennai and the suburbs and the
Amma Arogya Scheme will be for people in the districts.

"With this scheme, people can undergo basic tests to rule out blood pressure,
urine-related diseases, eye ailments, diabetes and cholesterol. The tests can be
done at upgraded primary health centres in 385 divisions free of cost," said
Jayalalithaa.

Pregnant women would henceforth get 11 types of herbal medicine as per Siddha
stream. "The scheme will be called Amma Pregnancy Sanjeevi and under this, a
woman in first three months of pregnancy will be given pomegranate and curry
leaf powder to prevent nausea.This will be followed by Aamla lehiyam and other
tablets to improve the iron content in the body . During the last three months
and post-delivery , women will be given supplements to improve lactation," the
chief minister said.This scheme will cost the state '10 crore.

Pregnant women can approach the siddha medical centres within government
hospitals across the state and get herbal medicines on the advice of a siddha
doctor, a health department official said.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       July 21, 2015 Tuesday 4:31 PM  EST

FOOD PROCESSING UNITS

LENGTH: 642  words


NEW DELHI, July 21 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

During the 12th Five Year Plan, Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI)
had launched a Centrally Sponsored Scheme - National Mission on Food Processing
(NMFP) w.e.f. 01.04.2012 for implementation through State / UT Governments.

During the 1st three years of 12th Plan i.e. 2012-13, 2013-14, 2014-15, MOFPI
allocated lumpsum budget to each State Govt/UT to consider various project
proposals submitted to them under various schemes of the NMFP which includes
schemes for Technology Upgradation / Establishment / Modernization of Food
Processing Industries, Cold chain, HRD, Promotional activities, Primary
Processing centres, Reefer vehicle etc. for necessary action at their level.

Under this scheme, State / UT Governments have been empowered to receive
applications, and where found eligible sanction the applications with the
approval of State Level Empowered Committee (SLEC) and release the grant-in-aid
accordingly.

Under the said scheme of National Mission on Food Processing, financial
assistance for setting up of new food processing units is provided under the
scheme of Technology Upgradation / Establishment / Modernization of Food
Processing Industries, which aims at creation of new processing capacity and
up-gradation of existing processing capabilities in the sector.

A well developed food processing sector with higher level of processing and
infrastructure development in supply chain helps in reduction of wastage and
improves value addition. To address the above issue, Ministry is implementing
the infrastructure development scheme of Mega Food Park and Scheme of cold
chain, value addition and preservation infrastructure.

The scheme of Mega Food Park provides modern infrastructure facilities for the
food processing infrastructure along the value chain from the farm to market.
The main feature of the scheme is cluster based approach. Under the scheme of
Mega Food Park, 42 projects have been sanctioned by the Government and out of
these, 40 have been approved by the Ministry.

The Cold chain scheme is to provide integrated and complete cold chain and
preservation infrastructure facilities without any break from the farm gate to
the consumer. Presently, the Ministry is assisting 138 Cold Chain Projects,
these include 30 new cold chain projects which have been recently sanctioned
against the cancellation/ vacant slots of earlier phases. Operationalization of
138 cold chain projects is expected to create a capacity of 4.76 MT of Cold
storage/ CA/Deep Freezer etc. Further, 58 cold chain projects have already been
completed and commenced commercial operation.

The Ministry of Food Processing Industries through its various schemes under
NMFP and also Central Sector schemes viz, Scheme of Mega Food Park, Scheme for
Cold Chain, Value Addition and Preservation Infrastructure, Scheme for Quality
Assurance, Codex Standards, R&D and Promotional Activities has been taking steps
for sustainable development of food processing industries. However, the National
Mission on Food Processing (NMFP) has been delinked from the Central Government
w.e.f. 01.04.2015 and left upto the States to implement the scheme out of their
own resources. For Central Sector schemes and committed liabilities of 11th plan
scheme, the budgetary allocation during the 12th Plan i.e. 2012-2016 are as
under:

* Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0)

This information was given by the Minister of State for Food Processing
Industries Sadhvi Niramjan Jyoti in a written reply in Lok Sabha today.

* Omitted Annexures can be viewed at:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0 For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                August 11, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Only 1 in 22 owners keep homes under rent scheme;
Banks 'blamed for low take-up as process is costly and takes too long'

BYLINE: LOUISE McBRIDE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 570 words


ONLY one out of every 22 homeowners who has applied for a government scheme for
distressed borrowers has managed to successfully take up the scheme - more than
a year after it was first set up.

Housing Minister Jan O''Sullivan launched the mortgageto-rent scheme in June
2012 to help low-income families in mortgage arrears to stay in their home.

So far, 1,332 people have applied for the scheme - but only 60 of these have had
a successful application. Many of those who applied are still waiting to see if
they will get the green light for the scheme.

At the time of its launch, the Cluid Housing Association, a not-for-profit
organisation, said it could prevent as many as 3,500 people from losing their
homes.

For many homeowners, the mortgage-to-rent scheme is their only hope of
continuing to live in their own homes. "This scheme allows those who are in the
most serious difficulty with their mortgage to stay in their own homes," said
Simon Brooke, head of policy with Cluid.

David Hall, director of the Irish Mortgage Holders Organisation, said the banks
were largely to blame for the low take-up.

"This is clearly a scheme that is run and managed by the banks and because of
that, it is failing," said Hall. "It''s easier for the banks to push the
repossession button than to go through the mortgage-torent scheme. This scheme
is expensive to manage, it takes a lot of time, and there area lot of hurdles
along the way."

A spokeswoman for the Irish Banking Federation (IBF), which represents banks,
said that its members "remain fully engaged with the mortgage-to-rent scheme and
continue to work closely with all the stakeholders involved in the process".

"The mortgage-to-rent scheme is a complex process in which several parties are
involved including homeowners, lenders, approved housing bodies, local
authorities and the Department of the Environment," added the IBF spokeswoman.

"The process involved can prove to be a lengthy one.

When availing of the scheme, borrowers must agree to the voluntary sale of their
family home to an approved housing body. This is a significant decision for any
borrower and as such means that the scheme is a measure which may not be
desirable to many borrowers."

A spokesman for the Department of the Environment admitted that the number of
people who had successfully applied for the scheme is "low". "However,
significant progress has been made," insisted the departmental spokesman. "It is
important to bear in mind that the transition from being a homeowner to a social
housing tenant is a major one for families. Mortgage to rent or other such
interventions cannot be rushed for any party."

The spokesman added that the department estimated it could take eight months for
a homeowner to successfully complete an application under the scheme.

Although Brooke said the mortgage-to-rent scheme had run into challenges, he
expects the take-up of the scheme to pick up "significantly" in the next few
months.

"It''s a complicated process because it involves a lot of different players,"
said Brooke last week. "Although the current number of people who have
successfully applied for the scheme is disappointing, we are now beginning to
see real signs of life in the scheme."

With mortgage-to-rent, a distressed borrower volunteers to surrender their home
to their lender, who then sells the home to a housing association.

The housing association then rents the property back to the borrower.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 15, 2013 Monday

LDA declares 73 housing schemes illegal

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Lahore Development Authority
has declared 73 private housing schemes illegal, situated
in the LDA controlled area, because no formal approval
for them has been obtained from the LDA.
    LDA management issued advisory to the general public in
their own interest, to refrain from purchasing plots in these
schemes and verify the legal status of these schemes from LDA
before making any investment or transaction. LDA shall take no
responsibility in case of any loss in this regard.


    LDA has also warned the owners or developers of these
illegal housing schemes to stop sale of plots, execution of
development works and other issues relating to the sale of
plots in these schemes, otherwise LDA will take strict legal
action against them.
    The schemes with area approximately less than 40 Kanals
include Abdullah Town, Akhtar Abad Housing Scheme, Aziz
Colony, Bilal Town, Faisal Town, Fateh Villas, Fatima Houses,
Gillani Homes, Haji Amanat Ali Estate, Haji Park, Hajveri
Gardens, Husnain Park, Johar Villas Housing Scheme, Mahnoor
Villas, Malik Park, Mian Ji Abdullah Colony, Mustafa Town,
Nasir Colony, New Gulshan-e-Lahore, Pak Town, Rehman Park
Housing Scheme, Villas adjacent to Aabpara Housing Society,
Vital Homes and Zain Homes.
    Schemes with area more than 40 and less than 100 kanals
include Al-Hassan Garden, Ali Homes, Al-Madina Town Housing
Scheme, Bilal Town, Doctors' Society, Dream Villas, Faisal
Town Ph-II, Ghousia Colony, Grand Avenue, Green Avenue, Green
Park, Gulshan-e-Amin, Hafiz Town, Ideal Garden Housing Scheme,
Iqbal Park, Islam Park Housing Scheme, Jameel Park, Koh-e-Noor
Housing Scheme, Lalazar Garden, Mian Farm Houses, Munir
Garden, Roshan Town, Sadaat Colony, Sub-division adjacent to
Sultan Town, Subhan Gardens, Walk Land Villas and Yousaf Town.
    Schemes with area more than 100 Kanals include Al-Haram
Gardens, Amna Park, Anwar Town, Audit & Accounts Ph-II,
Gillani Park-I, Gillani Park-II, Green Cap Housing Scheme,
Gulberg Park, Gul-Nishan Housing Society, Indus Estate,
Judicial Avenue Housing Scheme, Lahore Gardens, LDA Employees
Housing Society Phase I & II, Madina Town, Mehboobia Avenue,
Mian Qasim Estate, Olympic Village Housing Society, Park View
Villas, Rana Town, Rehan Garden, Tayyab Town and Waheed
Brothers Colony.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

New Govt measure to help DB pensions;
DB Pension Help

LENGTH: 547 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help
defined benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the
Funding Standard deadline of 30th June.


The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help defined
benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the Funding
Standard deadline of 30th June.

If a funded defined benefit scheme does not meet the Funding Standard, the
trustees must submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board that explains how
they propose to deal with the deficit.

The funding proposal is essentially a recovery plan for the defined benefit
scheme in question.

The regulations will reduce the level of risk reserve that the schemes are
required to maintain, and will also widen the type of assets that schemes can
use to reduce reserving requirements. These and other changes should assist
defined benefit schemes as they seek to finalise their funding proposals. They
are aimed at giving schemes some additional leeway given the current difficult
economic climate and the consequences it has had for schemes, according to the
Minister for Social Protection, Joan Burton today. "I am aware that the last few
years have been very difficult for defined benefit schemes and both employers
and trustees may have difficult decisions to make in relation to their schemes.
These measures are being introduced to enhance funding options and to assist
them in their submission of funding proposals," she said. The regulations will
widen the type of assets that can be used to reduce the reserving requirements
of the Funding Standard. Defined benefit schemes will be allowed to use a wider
range of assets to reduce reserving requirements. This change improves the
flexibility of the risk reserve requirements and is in response to proposals by
the pensions industry. The risk reserve requires that a scheme maintain current
asset levels over and above current liabilities. It was introduced in 2012 to
require schemes to provide a buffer against financial volatility and, crucially,
to provide for some level of stability in the future to protect members'
benefits. The risk reserve does not apply until 2016 and does not have to be met
until 2023. The Minister said: "It is important to retain the concept of the
risk reserve to encourage balance with the investment risk approach of schemes
and provide for greater security for members' benefits. However, I am aware it
has caused concerns and may deter certain trustees from planning their future
strategy. On that basis, I want to introduce some flexibility and am reducing
the level of the reserve from 15pc to 10pc." The Section 42 guidance in relation
to the Pensions Act is changing to reflect recent changes in bond yields. The
impact of the proposed change is to ensure that schemes can value pensions in
payment on a sovereign annuities basis to the extent that the scheme holds
matching sovereign bonds. The change will make it easier for schemes which hold
sovereign bonds to obtain credit under the Funding Standard in situations where
the yield is reduced. "In addition, I am delaying for now the introduction of
proposed changes to the calculation of transfer values which would have had the
effect of increasing schemes' liabilities. Employers, unions and trustees have
been making strenuous efforts to protect the viability of their schemes and I
want to support them in every way possible," Minister Burton added.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

New Govt measure to help DB pensions;
DB Pension Help

LENGTH: 547 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help
defined benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the
Funding Standard deadline of 30th June.


The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help defined
benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the Funding
Standard deadline of 30th June.

If a funded defined benefit scheme does not meet the Funding Standard, the
trustees must submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board that explains how
they propose to deal with the deficit.

The funding proposal is essentially a recovery plan for the defined benefit
scheme in question.

The regulations will reduce the level of risk reserve that the schemes are
required to maintain, and will also widen the type of assets that schemes can
use to reduce reserving requirements. These and other changes should assist
defined benefit schemes as they seek to finalise their funding proposals. They
are aimed at giving schemes some additional leeway given the current difficult
economic climate and the consequences it has had for schemes, according to the
Minister for Social Protection, Joan Burton today. "I am aware that the last few
years have been very difficult for defined benefit schemes and both employers
and trustees may have difficult decisions to make in relation to their schemes.
These measures are being introduced to enhance funding options and to assist
them in their submission of funding proposals," she said. The regulations will
widen the type of assets that can be used to reduce the reserving requirements
of the Funding Standard. Defined benefit schemes will be allowed to use a wider
range of assets to reduce reserving requirements. This change improves the
flexibility of the risk reserve requirements and is in response to proposals by
the pensions industry. The risk reserve requires that a scheme maintain current
asset levels over and above current liabilities. It was introduced in 2012 to
require schemes to provide a buffer against financial volatility and, crucially,
to provide for some level of stability in the future to protect members'
benefits. The risk reserve does not apply until 2016 and does not have to be met
until 2023. The Minister said: "It is important to retain the concept of the
risk reserve to encourage balance with the investment risk approach of schemes
and provide for greater security for members' benefits. However, I am aware it
has caused concerns and may deter certain trustees from planning their future
strategy. On that basis, I want to introduce some flexibility and am reducing
the level of the reserve from 15pc to 10pc." The Section 42 guidance in relation
to the Pensions Act is changing to reflect recent changes in bond yields. The
impact of the proposed change is to ensure that schemes can value pensions in
payment on a sovereign annuities basis to the extent that the scheme holds
matching sovereign bonds. The change will make it easier for schemes which hold
sovereign bonds to obtain credit under the Funding Standard in situations where
the yield is reduced. "In addition, I am delaying for now the introduction of
proposed changes to the calculation of transfer values which would have had the
effect of increasing schemes' liabilities. Employers, unions and trustees have
been making strenuous efforts to protect the viability of their schemes and I
want to support them in every way possible," Minister Burton added.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

New Govt measure to help DB pensions;
DB Pension Help

LENGTH: 547 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help
defined benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the
Funding Standard deadline of 30th June.


The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help defined
benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the Funding
Standard deadline of 30th June.

If a funded defined benefit scheme does not meet the Funding Standard, the
trustees must submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board that explains how
they propose to deal with the deficit.

The funding proposal is essentially a recovery plan for the defined benefit
scheme in question.

The regulations will reduce the level of risk reserve that the schemes are
required to maintain, and will also widen the type of assets that schemes can
use to reduce reserving requirements. These and other changes should assist
defined benefit schemes as they seek to finalise their funding proposals. They
are aimed at giving schemes some additional leeway given the current difficult
economic climate and the consequences it has had for schemes, according to the
Minister for Social Protection, Joan Burton today. "I am aware that the last few
years have been very difficult for defined benefit schemes and both employers
and trustees may have difficult decisions to make in relation to their schemes.
These measures are being introduced to enhance funding options and to assist
them in their submission of funding proposals," she said. The regulations will
widen the type of assets that can be used to reduce the reserving requirements
of the Funding Standard. Defined benefit schemes will be allowed to use a wider
range of assets to reduce reserving requirements. This change improves the
flexibility of the risk reserve requirements and is in response to proposals by
the pensions industry. The risk reserve requires that a scheme maintain current
asset levels over and above current liabilities. It was introduced in 2012 to
require schemes to provide a buffer against financial volatility and, crucially,
to provide for some level of stability in the future to protect members'
benefits. The risk reserve does not apply until 2016 and does not have to be met
until 2023. The Minister said: "It is important to retain the concept of the
risk reserve to encourage balance with the investment risk approach of schemes
and provide for greater security for members' benefits. However, I am aware it
has caused concerns and may deter certain trustees from planning their future
strategy. On that basis, I want to introduce some flexibility and am reducing
the level of the reserve from 15pc to 10pc." The Section 42 guidance in relation
to the Pensions Act is changing to reflect recent changes in bond yields. The
impact of the proposed change is to ensure that schemes can value pensions in
payment on a sovereign annuities basis to the extent that the scheme holds
matching sovereign bonds. The change will make it easier for schemes which hold
sovereign bonds to obtain credit under the Funding Standard in situations where
the yield is reduced. "In addition, I am delaying for now the introduction of
proposed changes to the calculation of transfer values which would have had the
effect of increasing schemes' liabilities. Employers, unions and trustees have
been making strenuous efforts to protect the viability of their schemes and I
want to support them in every way possible," Minister Burton added.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

New Govt measure to help DB pensions;
DB Pension Help

LENGTH: 547 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help
defined benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the
Funding Standard deadline of 30th June.


The Government today announced a number of regulatory changes to help defined
benefit schemes as they prepare their funding proposals before the Funding
Standard deadline of 30th June.

If a funded defined benefit scheme does not meet the Funding Standard, the
trustees must submit a funding proposal to the Pensions Board that explains how
they propose to deal with the deficit.

The funding proposal is essentially a recovery plan for the defined benefit
scheme in question.

The regulations will reduce the level of risk reserve that the schemes are
required to maintain, and will also widen the type of assets that schemes can
use to reduce reserving requirements. These and other changes should assist
defined benefit schemes as they seek to finalise their funding proposals. They
are aimed at giving schemes some additional leeway given the current difficult
economic climate and the consequences it has had for schemes, according to the
Minister for Social Protection, Joan Burton today. "I am aware that the last few
years have been very difficult for defined benefit schemes and both employers
and trustees may have difficult decisions to make in relation to their schemes.
These measures are being introduced to enhance funding options and to assist
them in their submission of funding proposals," she said. The regulations will
widen the type of assets that can be used to reduce the reserving requirements
of the Funding Standard. Defined benefit schemes will be allowed to use a wider
range of assets to reduce reserving requirements. This change improves the
flexibility of the risk reserve requirements and is in response to proposals by
the pensions industry. The risk reserve requires that a scheme maintain current
asset levels over and above current liabilities. It was introduced in 2012 to
require schemes to provide a buffer against financial volatility and, crucially,
to provide for some level of stability in the future to protect members'
benefits. The risk reserve does not apply until 2016 and does not have to be met
until 2023. The Minister said: "It is important to retain the concept of the
risk reserve to encourage balance with the investment risk approach of schemes
and provide for greater security for members' benefits. However, I am aware it
has caused concerns and may deter certain trustees from planning their future
strategy. On that basis, I want to introduce some flexibility and am reducing
the level of the reserve from 15pc to 10pc." The Section 42 guidance in relation
to the Pensions Act is changing to reflect recent changes in bond yields. The
impact of the proposed change is to ensure that schemes can value pensions in
payment on a sovereign annuities basis to the extent that the scheme holds
matching sovereign bonds. The change will make it easier for schemes which hold
sovereign bonds to obtain credit under the Funding Standard in situations where
the yield is reduced. "In addition, I am delaying for now the introduction of
proposed changes to the calculation of transfer values which would have had the
effect of increasing schemes' liabilities. Employers, unions and trustees have
been making strenuous efforts to protect the viability of their schemes and I
want to support them in every way possible," Minister Burton added.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            April 25, 2013 Thursday

More delay likely in rejig of central government social schemes

BYLINE: Yogima Seth Sharma

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 372 words


NEW DELHI: The proposed restructuring of the centrally sponsored schemes will
now be taken up by the empowered group of ministers after the Cabinet failed to
arrive at a consensus on some of the suggestions.

A committee headed by planning commission member BK Chaturvedi had suggested
pruning the number of central social sector schemes to 59 from near 150 now by
merging the similar schemes and giving states more power over them.

"The issue has now been referred to the empowered group of ministers (eGoM) who
will try to build a consensus amongst various stakeholders before bringing it
back to the Cabinet for clearance," a senior government official told ET, adding
that this will further delay the entire process of restructuring.

It is also not clear if a new eGoM will be set up for the purpose or one of the
existing eGoM will take up the issue of reforms of these schemes.

While there is unanimity amongst stakeholders on reducing the overall number of
schemes, there is a demand for higher degree of flexible component to be given
to states depending on the priority of the scheme.

The schemes are proposed to be divided into three groups - flagship, category I
and category II.

The Chaturvedi committee had proposed 20% of the allocation as flexi funds for
all category - II and III centrally sponsored schemes and 10% for the flagship
schemes that can be used by the states for developing specific schemes by state
governments.

The number of centrally sponsored schemes has increased to 147 in 2011-12 from
99 in 2007-08. The Chaturvedi committee has suggested that smaller schemes with
average annual outlay of Rs 100 crore or less could be merged with bigger
schemes or abolished and has accordingly suggested a total of 59 central schemes
.

Centre had set up a committee under planning commission member Chaturvedi to
suggest reforms in the centrally sponsored schemes in an effort to make
implementation of such schemes more effective and prevent leakages at various
levels. The committee had submitted its suggestions in September 2011. If
accepted in entirety, the report will benefit social sectors like health,
education, urban development, skill development and rural infrastructure.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 March 3, 2013

Final farewell to bank guarantee

SECTION: COMMENT

LENGTH: 1226 words


Last week, the government announced that later this month, it would begin to
wind down one of the bank guarantee schemes in operation in this state. The
Eligible Liabilities Guarantee (ELG) scheme was introduced in December 2009 as a
temporary measure in response to the financial crisis.

A second crisis-related guarantee scheme, the blanket guarantee introduced in
September 2008, expired in September 2010. A third scheme, the Deposit Guarantee
Scheme, guarantees deposits of up to EUR 100,000 and will remain in operation.

Last week's announcement marks a good time to reflect on the use of guarantees
of banks' debts by successive Irish governments to restore financial stability
in this country. Unfortunately, the public debate about the role of bank
guarantees in the crisis has often been clouded by misunderstanding. Media
commentary following last week's announcement added to the confusion.

For example, one economist wrote that the ELG scheme guaranteed the assets and
liabilities of Ireland's banks. In fact, none of the guarantee schemes covered
banks' assets.

In addition, many reports confused the ELG scheme with the blanket guarantee
scheme. In reality, these schemes were very different. The ELG scheme covered
only newly-issued bank debt, whereas the blanket scheme also guaranteed existing
borrowings.

Some commentators welcomed the ending of the ELG scheme, because they claimed
that was responsible for the bailing-out of bank bondholders whose reckless
investments had fuelled the property bubble. In fact, the ELG scheme did no such
thing, since it only covered new debt.

State guarantees on bank debt have been a prominent part of efforts by
governments around the world to stabilise banks over the past five years. During
2007 and much of 2008, governments around the world intervened on a case-by-case
basis as stress increased in the financial system.

The bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers on September 15, 2008, forced a radical change
in that approach. The unprecedented panic in financial markets that followed
effectively shut down funding markets for banks worldwide.

Governments and central banks responded in October 2008 by introducing
wide-ranging schemes to maintain banks' access to funding and avoid a collapse
of the system. These schemes were comprehensive in nature, in that they were
available to all banks in a given jurisdiction on similar terms. There were no
attempts to exclude certain banks from these programmes.

To prevent bank runs by ordinary depositors, deposit guarantee schemes for
households and small businesses were extended in more than 20 countries. For
example, the threshold for coverage was raised to EUR 100,000 in many eurozone
member states and to $250,000 in the US. In Germany, the ceiling was eliminated
entirely so that the full amount of deposits was guaranteed.

Extensive deposit guarantee schemes, however, would not have been enough to
prevent a collapse of the system. This is because banks worldwide, and
especially in Ireland, had during the boom years grown increasingly reliant on
money from wholesale markets to fund their activities.

These funds are usually raised by selling bank debt such as bonds and commercial
paper to other banks, pension funds, insurance companies and corporations.

To ensure continued access to wholesale funding, governments around the world
also provided guarantees on bank debt. Recent research by the European
Commission shows that generally these schemes were successful in lowering
borrowing costs for banks.

In many respects, therefore, the bank guarantee introduced by the Irish
government in September 2008 was not exceptional. The Irish scheme was
introduced a week or two earlier than schemes in other countries, but the
earlier intervention almost certainly reflected the more acute funding
difficulties of the Irish banks.

The Irish bank guarantee did differ, however, in one crucial respect from most,
though not all, of the other schemes introduced around that time. The Irish
scheme covered not just newly-issued bank debt, but also existing debt. It was a
blanket guarantee. Other countries introduced schemes that were similar to the
ELG scheme subsequently introduced here in 2009.

It was not obvious at the time why the Irish government did not go for a
narrower scheme.

Writing in the Irish Independent in mid-October 2008, I noted that "[the] plans
announced by other countries highlight two questions about the Irish efforts to
shore up our banks. First, other European governments are making available
public guarantees of new bank debt, but not existing debts.

"This would seem to make sense in that the guarantees would allow banks to
borrow new funds on wholesale markets, with existing creditors having to take a
hit if a bank is wound down.

"Ireland's scheme, in contrast, guarantees all of the debts of Irish banks,
included new and existing borrowings. Guaranteeing existing creditors raises the
exposure of the taxpayer should a covered bank fail. There may have been good
reasons to include existing debt in the Irish case, but the government has not
made those reasons public."

It subsequently emerged from public statements that the Irish authorities at the
time believed that only a blanket guarantee would be strong enough to ensure
banks' continued access to market funding. Given the information available to
the government at the time, this view was hardly unreasonable, although it
failed to give due weight to downside risks.

As economists from the Bank for International Settlements have noted, "[whether]
blanket guarantees are deemed necessary depends on the gravity of the situation
and on whether alternative mechanisms for intervention are in place".

The Irish authorities clearly viewed the situation as grave and seemingly saw no
better alternatives. The government also clearly believed that the banks were
solvent. In part, this belief was based on economists' projections that were
still pointing to a relatively soft landing for the Irish economy.

Moreover, a blanket bank guarantee had worked successfully in Sweden in the
early 1990s in response to that county's banking crisis.

In the event, the banks suffered catastrophic losses on their loan books and the
government was forced to inject huge sums into the banks to prevent a call on
the guarantee. In principle, some of these losses could have been imposed on
existing bank bondholders had the ELG scheme been introduced instead of the
blanket scheme.

In practice, however, the experience post-September 2010, when the blanket
scheme expired, strongly suggests that the European authorities would never have
countenanced such a move, even if the bonds had not been covered by the
guarantee.

The considerable restructuring of the Irish banking system since 2008, along
with the recent improvement in financial conditions in the eurozone, have
reduced the funding strains on Irish banks. In time, the responsibility to
maintain stability in the Irish banking system will, it is hoped, shift from
Dublin to European institutions, as a genuine banking union is built in Europe.

In the meantime, we have to hope that external conditions will allow the
government to continue to put the banks back on their own two feet.

*Alan Ahearne is an economist at NUI Galway. He served as special adviser to the
former minister for finance, the late Brian Lenihan, from 2009 to 2011*

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                            November 9, 2012 Friday

'Popular MSME schemes to continue in 12th plan period'

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 9 -- The Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises is
scrutinizing the MSME schemes in order to take a decision which of them are to
be continued during the 12th Five Year Plan period, said MSME Secretary Vivek
Rae to SME Times in New Delhi on Thursday.

"Since the 11th five year plan has come to an end and the 12th five year plan is
starting, we usually review all our schemes and see which are the schemes which
are doing well, for which the demand is there and for which we are able to spend
money. And, wherever there is a need for cost correction, we make the cost
correction. So, we are doing this exercise now," he said on the sidelines of an
event in the national capital.

He said the ministry will continue with the schemes which are quite popular
among SMEs in the 12th plan. There are more than ten schemes in the 12th five
year plan, which the ministry is focusing on at present.

"First, we will concentrate on our ongoing schemes and then we will think of the
new schemes. Some new schemes are under consideration as well. They are yet to
be approved. The National Development Council (NDC) will meet soon. Only after
that we will know what will be the final initiative," he mentioned.

He pointed out that schemes like Lean manufacturing, Performance and Credit
Rating Schemes, TUF schemes for textiles including many more are having good
impact on SMEs and are well-utilized. So, these schemes will continue in the
12th five year plan as well.

The Ministry is waiting for NDC to finalize the fund required for the sector in
the 12th plan and after that they will plan the schemes accordingly. These funds
will be available in a month or two.

Further, Rae also added, "...most of the schemes are doing well and since our
budget is limited, we should be allocating our resources for most of schemes
which are doing very well and may be less for the schemes which are not very
well. Otherwise, if we spend our resources very thinly then we do not get the
impact that we want. There are ten of the major schemes which take much of the
resources then the impact will be much more."

The Secretary also indicated that they may or may not continue with the schemes
which are not doing well among SMEs in course of time.

Also, the ministry has plan to come up with 10 more tool rooms in the 12th plan
from the existing 10 at the moment. These tool rooms helps in training and
provide invaluable technological support to the industry.

In addition, according to the study that was released at the FICCI event by the
MSME Secretary surveyed 2257 firms, spread in 16 cities across all over India,
representing both the manufacturing and service sectors reveals that 52 percent
of the surveyed SMEs are not registered with the MSME Act. It said 49 per cent
of the businessmen in micro, small and medium segments are of the firm view that
India's tax structure is proving a big stumbling block to business growth.
Inflation is also perceived to be another obstruction to growth of the Indian
economy by 41 per cent of the respondents.

Finding also said that 49 per cent of the surveyed firms feel that rolling out
GST can reduce the negative effects other schemes have on business growth
prospects. Exchange rate volatility is seen as another barrier to business
prospects, especially in SME segment, by 33 per cent respondents whereas 36 per
cent respondents feel that the impact of technological bottlenecks to business
growth is moderate.

Only 36% of firms could avail financial assistance from banks due to strict
procedural norms, lengthy documentation and high interest rates, the study says.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2012 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      February 17, 2012 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Auzex Releases Scheme Booklet for Proposed Merger with Bullabulling Gold Limited

LENGTH: 285  words


Hong Kong, Feb. 17 -- Auzex Resources Limited (Auzex) is pleased to announce
that the Queensland Supreme Court has approved the Scheme Booklet for the
proposed merger by scheme of arrangement (Scheme) with Bullabulling Gold Limited
(BBG) for despatch to Auzex shareholders.



The Scheme Booklet will shortly be released to the market and mailed to all
Auzex shareholders.

The Scheme Meeting where Auzex shareholders will be asked to approve the Scheme
will be held at 10:00am (Queensland time) on Thursday 22 March 2012 at the
Medina, 15 Ivory Lane, Brisbane.

At the Scheme Meeting, Auzex's shareholders will be asked to approve the
proposed merger with BBG. The directors of Auzex have unanimously recommended
that, in the absence of a superior proposal, Scheme Shareholders should vote in
favour of the Scheme.

The Scheme Booklet contains an independent expert's report prepared by BDO
Corporate Finance (QLD) Ltd who has concluded that, on balance, the advantages
of the merger outweigh the disadvantages of the merger and that the merger is in
the best interests of Auzex Shareholders.

Auzex encourages all shareholders to read the Scheme Booklet in full and vote on
the Scheme, either in person, by proxy or by attorney.

If the Scheme is approved at the Scheme Meeting and the merger with BBG is
completed, the enlarged BBG will have:

* 100% ownership of the Bullabulling Gold Project.

* JORC Indicated and Inferred mineral resources of 2.60 million ounces of gold.

* A proven entrepreneurial and operational management team with complementary
skill sets, focused on maximizing shareholder value.

* Potentially a substantial re-rating potential through the consolidation of the
Bullabulling Gold Project into one vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2012 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             March 14, 2011 Monday

Essential pension scheme

LENGTH: 1281  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 14 -- The progress and future programs of the social protection
board set up under the guidance of President Mahinda Rajapaksa with a view to
making all adults of the country members of a pension scheme was discussed with
the chairman of the Board .

Following are the excerpts

What is the public interest on the pension scheme of the social protection
program?

Actually the progress we have achieved is very much encouraging: We have signed
agreements to recruit 30,000 workers engaged in the palmyra industry.

We have also discussed with Livestock Development and rural community
Development Minister Arumugam Thondaman for recruiting five hundred thousand
estate workers to the pension scheme. We discussed with the Minister and Estate
Employers.

When estate workers joined the scheme we give them Insurance policies. A sum of
Rs 155 will be deducted for a month from their salaries. So, when they go on
retirement at the age of 60 years they get a pension payment of Rs 5,000 per
month.

We recruited graduates from areas such as Nuwara Eliya, Thalawakele and
Maskeliya to implement this program. They will be deployed with our officers.
Under this pension scheme, if a worker becomes physically handicapped at the age
of 22 he will be granted the full pension payment on the recommendation of
doctors.

In addition he will be paid a distress allowance of fifty thousand rupees. If
the worker dies after being entitled to the pension payment at the age of 60
years, his wife or a child below the age of 18 years will be entitled to the
monthly pension payment.

Various banks and Insurance firms are competing to get people into their pension
schemes. What is the way the social Protection Board facing this situation.

We don't have a competition. We have already won the people's confidence.
Certain pension schemes do not reveal even the extent of the payment of pension
they are going to pay. At the recruitment itself we disclose how much we pay
after the retirement. Other institutions do not say these. We are planning to
set up an office in Dubai to get the Sri Lankan workers there into our pension
scheme. We have good responses from our expatriate workers. There have been
requests from Singapore as well as from Kuwait.

We take them also into the pension scheme and planning to draw up a scheme to
give them pension payments at their retirement at the age of 50 years.

This will be given only to Sri Lankan expatriate workers. All these we do under
President Mahinda Rajapaksa's Mahinda Chinthana concept.

The Social Protection board is functioning under the Finance Ministry. The
President is personally finding out about this program. Upto now four hundred
thousand workers have joined this scheme.

We are paying pension money monthly to 7625 persons. We try to increase this
number of members upto six hundred thousand this year. It is not easy.

What are the benefits estate workers would get after joining the social
protection scheme?

No special benefits. They get pension payments at the end of their services. We
have 22 officers throughout the country. When the confidence in us is growing,
the persons joining are also increasing. When we made the Estate Employers aware
of this program they said it was a very good project.

They can live their old days without being a burden to their children.

What is the Social Protection Board introducing to their members in the year
2011.

We are planning to get thirty thousand engaged in the Palmyra Industry into this
scheme. We have already drawn up a pension scheme for them. We signed the
Memorandum of Understanding on their behalf. We have connected all our officers
to the computer network. Anybody who goes to the District Secretariat they can
get the details from our officer who is there. There are officers of us even in
Divisional officers. They can join our scheme both in the District Secretariat
and Divisional Secretariat. Our work has been easier with the computerizing of
our work.

What happened to the mediamen's pension scheme?

It is being implemented this year. It is good news. We drew up a new pension
scheme for mediamen. The earlier scheme did not cover all the fields. We have
handed over to the Secretary of the Media Ministry all information regarding the
new pension scheme.

We are introducing a pension scheme even for cooperative workers. Cooperatives
and internal Trade Minister Johnston Fernando is very keen on this scheme. We
have taken action to make even three-wheeler drivers members of the pension
scheme. We discussed with the three-wheeler drivers society officials. We have
sent through the Defence Ministry by police stations the message to
three-wheeler drivers. Our officer will go and meet them and make them members
of this pension scheme. We held meetings in areas such as Narahenpita and
Nugegoda to give an awareness to the three-wheeler drivers.

If you explain the present activities of the Social Protection Board?

Membership contributions will never be spent for the functioning of our
institution. We have deposited all that money in a separate account. Our
employees are paid by the Finance Ministry. We have a workforce of 170. A
minimum workforce is working at maximum efficiency. All institutions under the
President is working at maximum efficiency. We started this institution 14 years
ago. But it was not known to the people. Now we have changed that situation.

How does insurance scheme suit our society?

Our culture is family centred. Elders depend on their families. They do not go
to homes for elders. Elders homes culture has come to us from foreign coutnries.
It is not a difficulty for us to feed our mother and father. Actually this homes
of elders culture will be nowhere if our parents' have a pension.

The President at the time when he was the Fisheries Minister started this
program after seeing how our elders suffer without money. Even our Minister
Arumugam Thondaman also giving us a support. Twenty-five percent of the
country's population are elders.

Therefore it is very important for our elders to join a pension scheme taking
their future into consideration. Then they will be able to spend their last
period of life happily.

Even children should take action to make their parents members of a pension
scheme. If a person who had joined a pension scheme dies, the pension payment
would be given to the person whom he had named.

What is the future program of getting the membership of people to this pension
scheme?

Recently a person going on a foreign job came and got the membership. He paid
the membership fee at once. Accordingly he is getting a pension of Rs 25,000 per
month. There are 85 employees in a private firm in Kurunegala. All of them
became our members.

There are about three million people who are engaged in self-employment. We must
make them our members. Actually five hundred thousand estate workers being our
members under the influence of Minister Thondaman is a great encouragement to
us.

Those who are engaged in the coconut industry are also becoming our members in
the near future. Although 14 years had elapsed after this introduction of this
scheme we have only three hundred as members. However we increased this number
by tens of thousands. There has been a request to increase the number of our
officers. If there are more employees, it is easier for us to increase the
number of members. There is no similarity in the pension schemes of State
employees and those of the Social Protection Board.

Interviewed by Ayanthi Withana Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               December 17, 2010

The dirty war being fought for medical aid rands

BYLINE: Lloyd Gedye

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 2799 words

DATELINE: Johannesburg, South Africa



HIGHLIGHT: A dirty war, including claims of a R1,8m pay off to the chairperson
of a medical scheme, is being fought within the SA health insurance industry.


 A dirty war, including claims of a R1,8-million pay off to the chairperson of a
medical scheme and counterclaims of a vendetta against a medical scheme
administrator, is being fought within South Africa's R85-billion-a-year health
insurance industry.The alleged pay off offer is contained in court documents
that set out attempts by the head of a large health solutions company, Liberty
Health Holdings (LHH), to facilitate the merger of two medical schemes.The court
papers suggest the merger's ultimate aim was to create a medical "super-scheme".
The alleged pay off has not succeeded in that the merger it was apparently
intended to facilitate has been aborted.But insiders have told the Mail &
Guardian that this particular merger was a small battle in a bigger war: large
life insurers see super-schemes as their way to rival healthcare market leader
Discovery.Discovery controls about 30% of the medical scheme industry, which has
3,5-million principal members and 8,1-million beneficiaries.Insiders also say
the losers in the dirty war will be ordinary members, who will suffer if
decisions are made on the basis of trustees' private benefit rather than the
best interests of all members. The alleged offer of a R1,8-million pay off is
contained in court papers in the M&G's possession.The papers include letters
from LHH's chief executive Peter Botha to the chairperson of Liberty Medical
Scheme (LMS), Larry Jacques, that appear to offer Jacques R1,8-million in
benefits in the event of a merger between Spectramed medical scheme and LMS.Both
Spectramed and LMS are administered by V-Medical Administrators -- a subsidiary
of LHH.

Despite sharing the name "Liberty", LHH and LMS are separate companies with no
proprietary relationship.This week Botha denied his letters to Jacques offered
him any pay off. He said the letters reflected merely a severance package
negotiation with Jacques, in case his job as chairperson and trustee of LMS
became redundant because of the proposed merger between LMS and Spectramed."The
merged scheme would have paid the severance benefits [of R1,8-million]," said
Botha.But industry insiders have frequently expressed scepticism about offers of
money or the promise of future job opportunities being used to incentivise
trustees to collude with administrators when mergers are being pursued or
schemes are looking to change their administrator.If a medical scheme's board of
trustees decides that the scheme should change administrators, current
legislation stipulates that the scheme must go out to tender. However, pay offs
could be used to manipulate tender outcomes, insiders say.The alleged pay off
letters are in an annexure to an affidavit by Jacques in a legal dispute between
his company, LMS, and V-Medical Administrators.In a letter from Botha to Jacques
dated May 8 2010, Botha says that if Jacques loses his position as chairperson
in the merged entity he will be paid R1,25-million on the successful completion
of the merger. He would also receive "a monthly remuneration post-merger for
consulting fees".In a second communication, an email dated May 9, Botha
increases the figure to R1,8-million for "managing the scheme merger process
until January 2011, if you relinquish the chair".The same email promises Jacques
a further R800 000 if the merger happens and he stays on as a trustee.These
letters are "evidence of extortion and indicate that Botha has no compunction to
act unlawfully with the view of achieving his aim at any cost", Jacques says in
a supplementary affidavit.Botha denies this, telling the M&G that any suggestion
that there was anything untoward about the letters was a "distortion of the
facts".The medical schemes registrar said it had "no knowledge of the letters
[between Botha and Jacques]". However, if the allegations the M&G summarised
"were indeed factually correct, this would on the face of it be inappropriate
behaviour and warrant further investigation by this office", it said.In the end,
LMS's board of trustees voted on June 15 not to pursue the proposed
merger.Jacques maintained in his court affidavit that he "never accepted" the
pay off offer and "it was for this reason that Botha felt especially aggrieved
as a result of the decision not to proceed with the merger ... I have requested
the National Prosecuting Authority to fully investigate Botha's conduct in this
regard." The court papers containing the alleged pay off offer were put before
the South Gauteng High Court in November. V-Medical Administrators and its
parent company LHH asked the court to interdict Jacques and fellow LMS trustee
Dan Pienaar from attending any LMS board meetings discussing the scheme's
contracts with V-Medical.In these papers, Botha argued that:  Pienaar and
Jacques had a conflict of interest, in that he (Botha) had lodged a complaint
with the registrar's office on October 1. The complaint was that Pienaar and
Jacques had attempted to become shareholders in a marketing company that was
being set up to offer services to LMS and that would have constituted a conflict
of interest for the two; Pienaar and Jacques would work to get V-Medical's
administration contracts cancelled because he had laid the complaint with the
registrar; and  Pienaar and Jacques made threats of physical harm against him.
(Pienaar and Jacques both denied the allegation in their affidavits.)In the
first of two affidavits, Jacques stated that V-Medical's entire application was
based on "fabricated" evidence and was motivated by the ulterior motive of
taking control of LMS's board of trustees. Jacques said in his papers that:
Botha's application arose from LMS's rejection of the merger with Spectramed;
Botha backdated a letter to Jacques and Van Rensburg to implicate them in the
setting up of the marketing company;  Botha had a substantial financial interest
in the merger and was "intent on procuring a merger of the two medical schemes
at all costs"; and  When he told Botha of the board's decision not to pursue the
merger, Botha told him that it was a "major setback" to his achieving his
performance bonus and would probably result in him losing his job.But Botha said
the proposed merger had no bearing on the application in the South Gauteng High
Court.On December 9, Judge CJ Classen dismissed V-Medical's application."Even if
it is accepted that Jacques and Pienaar are unhappy about Botha's conduct in
laying a complaint against them ... such circumstances do not lead to an
entitlement to interfere with the functioning of the board of trustees,"
Classen's judgment said.V-Medical was attempting to prevent LMS from terminating
the contracts lawfully by way of an interdict, Classen ruled. He made no
findings on the corruption allegations made by both sides.  The same court
papers allege that V-Medical's managing director, Patrick Masobe -- a former
medical schemes registrar -- still has significant influence in the registrar's
office and used it to the benefit of V-Medical and LHH.This allegation was made
by businessman Daan van Rensburg, whom Botha accused of concocting the scheme
with Pienaar and Jacques to include them as shareholders in the marketing
company. Van Rensburg filed an affidavit denying Botha's accusation and stating
that Botha had spoken to him of his intention to build a "super-scheme"."During
the course of the discussion Botha suggested that he did not perceive the
creation of a new super-scheme to be a major problem for the regulators and
indicated that Masobe, the managing director of the first applicant [V-Medical]
has run the office of the Registrar of Medical Schemes for a number of years and
had a huge influence in that office still," Van Rensburg said in his affidavit.
Botha denied making this statement to Van Rensburg. Masobe denied any
impropriety. "The allegations about collusion with the staff of the registrar
have no merit," he said. "I have no influence with the registrar's staff."The
registrar's office said Van Rensburg's allegation was "baseless and
unfounded".Van Rensburg's affidavit said that after LMS's board voted not to
pursue the merger, Botha threatened to "liquidate" the scheme or alternatively
to "place it under curatorship".The court papers also contain various
allegations that Masobe and Botha held "inappropriate" meetings with at least
four LMS trustees to discuss the proposed merger between Spectramed and LMS.In
an affidavit, Liberty Medical Schemes vice-chairperson Christine Kinsman said:
"It is inappropriate for Masobe to approach individual trustees of the board of
trustees in such a manner when he knows that the board of trustees unanimously
voted to discontinue the amalgamation discussions ... These approaches are
nothing less than active attempts to undermine the functioning and good
corporate governance of the Liberty Medical Scheme's board of trustees."Masobe
and Botha said the meetings were not improper and that as the administrator of
the schemes they had to meet with trustees in the ordinary course of
business."All meetings with trustees have been openly scheduled and there is
nothing improper about them," said Botha and Masobe.Pienaar and Jacques this
week declined to comment. Van Rensburg said: "We are delighted with the court's
decision. It seems from the affidavits filed that Dr Botha and his colleagues
are the culprits with unlawful attempts to influence the board of trustees to
further their commercial interest to the detriment of the members of Liberty
Medical Scheme."Inappropriate meetings Affidavits filed in response to
V-Medical's application to the South Gauteng High Court referred to meetings
between the chief executive officer of Liberty Health Holdings, Peter Botha,
V-Medical managing director Patrick Masobe and four board members of Liberty
Medical Scheme.LMS chairperson Larry Jacques and vice-chairperson Christine
Kinsman said in their affidavits that Botha and Masobe had "irregularly"
approached four of the eight LMS trustees to discuss the merger with Spectramed.
The four had provided details of these meetings in an LMS board meeting on July
1 2010.These affidavits said:  Masobe invited one trustee, Mike Mohohlo, to a
2010 Soccer World Cup game to discuss the merger between the Spectramed and
Liberty medical schemes;  Another trustee, Catherine Zazela, was flown to East
London for a meeting at V-Medical's expense (Zazela denied this); and  Trustees
Boyce Mkhize and Terence Murasiki attended meetings with Masobe and Botha but
deny anything improper about the meetings."Botha and Mosobe acting on behalf of
the administrator of the third respondent [Liberty Medical Scheme] were clearly
interfering in the affairs of the medical scheme," stated Jacques. "The trustees
who had not been approached by representatives of the applicant were astonished
at the disclosures made by our fellow trustees at the [July 1 board] meeting.
There is no legitimate reason as to why Masobe and Botha would have been
approaching the trustees on an individual basis to discuss the Spectramed
merger," Jacques's affidavit said.All four of these trustees filed affidavits
that appear to support V-Medical's application against LMS.Jacques pointed this
out in his second affidavit, arguing that the "only plausible explanation" was
that the trustees had been "induced by the applicant [V-Medical] to support the
interests of the applicant above that of the third respondent [Liberty Medical
Scheme]".Mkhize told the M&G his affidavit did not support V-Medical's
application but merely made a factual representation to the court to aid its
judgement. The other three trustees said their affidavits were
self-explanatory.Masobe and Botha denied Jacques's and Kinsman's allegations,
saying the meetings were not improper and because they were administrators of
the schemes they had to meet with trustees in the ordinary course of
business."All meetings with trustees [were] openly scheduled and there is
nothing improper about them," Masobe and Botha said.Mkhize told the M&G he was
invited to discuss "corporate governance" issues with Masobe and Botha and that
there was "nothing improper" in this."I was asked at the end of our discussion
almost casually as to whether there were any reasons or context, other than
those stated in the letter to them, that led to the decision by the scheme to
terminate the merger negotiations with Spectramed," Mkhize said. "I confirmed
the reasons set out in the scheme letter as a basis for our decision and that
was the end of the conversation."Murasiki said the newspaper's questions raised
some "non-accurate aspects" and refused to answer them. He did not specify what
these inaccuracies were.Zazele said the allegations in the M&G's questions were
factually incorrect and V-Medical had not paid for her flight to East
London.Moholo said he was not in a position to answer questions and directed the
M&G to LMS.Judge Classen made no ruling on any of these allegations about
meetings.Super-schemes -- an insider's view By the end of this year, South
Africa is expected to have 98 medical schemes -- a huge reduction from the 168
registered in 1999, writes an industry insider who prefers to remain
unnamed.This reduction results from the "super-scheme movement" (as it is known
in the industry) driven by a few interested parties whose main tools are mergers
and acquisitions to effect consolidation. Consolidation is the response of
medical schemes to pressures such as that created by the Government Employees
Medical Scheme, which resulted in some people leaving private schemes. The
looming introduction of the National Health Insurance (NHI) will also have a
huge impact on the private medical scheme industry. The schemes need to ensure
they have sufficient membership numbers and financial strength to remain
viable.Consolidation appears to be driven mainly by the large life insurers,
which have become increasingly involved in the industry during the past five
years or so through significant investments in administrators, target schemes
and mergers and acquisitions. Most of the major life insurers are actively
involved in the "super-scheme movement". Medical schemes are separate,
independent entities, managed by an independent board of trustees. The Medical
Schemes Act very stringently ensures that there is a clear delineation of
function and responsibility between the scheme and any provider of services,
such as an administrator.The Act also strictly prohibits the meddling in or
influencing of scheme or trustee affairs by the administrator. This means that,
for the administrator (read life insurer), tenure is limited to the terms of a
services contract, with a three-month notice period. So, the question is: Why
would the major life insurers and their associated banking partners be so
determined to be a part of this industry? On the face of it, there do not appear
to be any compelling reasons to support their involvement.But look at the future
through their eyes. Medical scheme members are a target population for life
insurers because they are generally actively employed: if they can afford
medical scheme contributions, they are in the right income bracket for life
insurance and investment products (and banking products). There is a view -- one
actively encouraged by certain parties -- that when the compulsory NHI is
introduced, the legislation and regulation of medical schemes will relax and
this will allow people to choose other (more lucrative) healthcare products over
and above the NHI. The "demarcation" debate that has been simmering for many
years revolves around life insurers arguing against restrictions imposed on the
sale of long-term health insurance products as alternatives to medical scheme
coverage. Ironically, the NHI could be the catalyst that loosens these
restraints on life insurers. But what would be the impact of this on medical
schemes when, inevitably, it would lead to the flight of younger, healthier
members to products where they do not have to subsidise the older and less
healthy members?It is no secret that a major rift has occurred at the Board of
Healthcare Funders (BHF), the industry body that was established to serve the
interests of medical schemes and their members. This was because the
administrators -- read, in most cases, the life insurers -- demanded board-level
representation at the BHF; and, as a result, several members of the BHF
withdrew. It is also no secret that life insurers prefer trustees who are less
independent. Could it be that the scenario sketched here provides a plausible
rationale for the current scramble among the major life insurers to secure a
share of what they must regard as a future lucrative market opportunity? If not,
what does?  This is an edited version of an analysis written by a medical scheme
industry insider

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

We need an informed debate on pensions;
Let's take short-term politics out of the public sector pensions debate, says
Richard Wilson, senior policy advisor at the National Association of Pension
Funds (NAPF)

BYLINE: Richard Wilson

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1000 words


The future of public sector pensions has never been higher on the media and
political agenda. But the current debate is generating more heat than light,
with claims about trillion pound deficits designed to create headlines rather
than illuminate our understanding of the situation.

We need an informed debate about the future public sector pensions, but the
current heated pre-election atmosphere is not allowing this to take place.
That's why the NAPF are calling for an independent Public Sector Pensions
Commission, to separate fact from fiction, and consider the fairness and
affordability of the main public sector schemes. Pensions need a long-term
perspective.

An independent commission would be able to look beyond short-term political
concerns to make sure we find a solution that meets the long-term needs of both
taxpayers and public sector workers. To have the support of all sides, the
commission should include employer and employee representatives, as well as
pension experts.

There are four main public sector schemes: The Local Government Pensions Scheme,
the NHS Pension Scheme, the Teachers Pension Scheme and the Civil Service
Pension Scheme. All these schemes, and the many smaller ones, have different
rules, benefits and costs. As such, there is unlikely to one answer to the
public sector pensions debate, but a whole range of different reform proposals
that will suit their different circumstances and workforces.

For instance, the Local Government Pension Scheme is different from the other
large schemes as it is funded, and is administered locally with 99 different
funds across the country. It is the largest of the schemes with 1.7 million
active members. The pension is based on an employee's final salary and employee
contributions are between 5.5 per cent and 7.5 per cent, depending on salary.
The scheme was always seen as less generous than its central government
counterparts, has always had a retirement age of 65, and the average pension is
only pounds 4,000 a year.

The last time the scheme was valued there was a shortfall in funding of 18 per
cent, with total liabilities of pounds 149 billion, but funding of pounds 122
billion. The scheme's 2010 valuation is expected to show that this funding level
has fallen again, with pressure to put up employer contributions to fill the
gap.

The next biggest example is the NHS Pension Scheme, which is the largest
centrally-administered scheme in Europe.

It has 1.3 million active members and also provides benefits based on scheme
members final salary.

Employee contributions are graduated, ranging from 5 per cent to 8.5 per cent,
with the NHS paying an employers contribution of 14 per cent of all members'
salaries. However, as the pension is an unfunded pay-as-you-go scheme, current
pensions are funded directly from the Treasury, and future employees and
taxpayers will pay the pensions of today's workers.

The third largest is the Teachers' Pension Scheme, whose members work for over
200 different employers in the education sector. This final salary pension is
also an unfunded pay-as-you-go scheme. Employee contributions are 6.4 per cent
with employer contributions capped at 14 per cent.

The fourth is the Civil Service Pensions Scheme with 600,000 members. This
scheme used to be far more generous than the other large schemes, and has had
significant reform in recent year's to reduce costs. For joiners since 2007,
benefits have been based on average salary rather than final salary. Employee
contributions are 3.5 per cent and each year members accrue a pension worth 2.3
per cent of salary. The Pensions Policy Institute calculate that this has cut
the value of the scheme for new members from 28 per cent of salary to 21 per
cent.

All the main schemes have had reforms in recent years aimed at making them more
affordable. Retirement ages for new members have been increased to 65. In many
cases, employee contributions have been raised and benefits have been reformed.
The Government has also tried to cap the future costs for the taxpayer by
introducing cost-sharing arrangements for any future unexpected liabilities,
such as further increases in longevity.

But even with these changes the Pensions Policy Institute has predicted that the
cost to the taxpayer of the unfunded public sector pension schemes will increase
by 40 per cent over the next 20 years. With an ageing population, it is
inevitable there will be a rise in all pension costs, including those for public
sector workers, but these figures suggest there is a case for further reform.

However, reform of these pension schemes must not be kneejerk, and should be
based on evidence. Estimates of the current liabilities of unfunded public
sector pensions sound scary, with figures such as pounds 1 trillion appearing
from some commentators. But these figures miss the point, as pension liabilities
are not realised all at once and stretch over many decades And as the costs of
pensions are long term, so are any savings from pension reforms, which will
inevitably take a long time to take effect.

The pension entitlements already accrued by public sector workers are their
legal rights and cannot be taken away. This means that although pension reforms
are important for the long term, they are unlikely to play any real role in
tackling the current squeeze in public sector finance.

Politicians find it difficult to take the long term view, especially when there
is an election imminent. That's why we need to take the politics out of the
public sector pensions debate. If we do, there is no reason why we can't reform
these pension schemes to make them fair and affordable for both taxpayers and
public sector workers.

The bigger challenge facing the UK's ageing population is ensuring private
sector workers can also have access to decent and affordable pensions. The NAPF
believes all workers need good workplace pensions, and reformed public sector
schemes could act as a model for the private sector to copy.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Richard Wilson, senior policy advisor at the National Association of
Pension Funds

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bp


               Copyright 2010 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

Pencom Issues Guidelines On PFAs for Existing Schemes

LENGTH: 619  words


The National Pension Commission (PenCom) has issued the guidelines on the
appointment of Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) by companies with approved
existing schemes and to limit the assets of approved existing schemes that can
be held in custody by PFCs.

PenCom's Director General, Muhammad Ahmad, stated that the guidelines seek to
discourage concentration of pension assets in one or two PFAs; ensure dispersion
of risk amongst PFAs; discourage the creation of areas of specialisation within
the pension industry; provide an incentive for PFAs to pay more attention to
canvassing for RSAs; and stop the tendency for retarded growth in the coverage
of the new scheme.

For the purpose of the guidelines, existing schemes are required to include
staff retirement benefit funds, retirees' funds, gratuity funds and any other
form of compensation fund put in place by employers.

The guidelines provide that all PFAs shall be allowed to administer assets of
approved existing schemes up to a limit of N10 billion, irrespective of the
number of Retirement Savings Account (RSAs) opened. A PFA shall be allowed to
manage existing schemes above N10 billion, subject to its having funded RSAs in
excess of 50,000.

For every one new and funded RSA opened by a PFA (up to a limit of 50,000), the
PFA shall have the opportunity to manage approved existing schemes of N200,000
in excess of N10 billion.

In addition to the provisions above, every one new and funded RSA opened by a
PFA in excess of 50,000 shall avail the PFA the opportunity to manage approved
existing schemes of N400,000.

The allowable amount of assets of an approved existing scheme that can be
managed by a PFA shall be determined as follows: E = N10 billion + N200,000x +
N400,000(RSAs - x) where E = allowable limit of existing schemes a PFA can
administer x = funded RSAs within the band of 1 - 50,000 RSAs = total number of
funded RSAs 3.6 A company having an existing scheme may choose to appoint any
PFA(s) of its choice to administer the scheme.

Where a PFA is appointed to manage the assets of an approved existing scheme,
the PFA shall forward the draft management agreement with the organisation, to
the Commission for approval.

To accommodate the increasing number of approved continuing schemes, including
CPFAs, PFCs shall be allowed to have custody of the assets of approved existing
schemes up to a limit of N200 billion.

Where an existing scheme appoints more than one PFA to manage its scheme, there
shall be a PFA that will be responsible for harmonising all reports on the
scheme to the Commission.

As PenCom intends to review the guidelines in line with prevailing conditions as
and when the need arises, all enquiries regarding the content of the guidelines
are expected to be forwarded to the Director General, PenCom.

The new contributory pension scheme in the country requires pension funds to be
privately managed by licensed PFAs. The PFAs have been duly licensed to open
RSAs for employees, invest and manage the pension funds in a manner as the
commission may from time to time prescribe.

The PFAs are also to maintain books of accounts on all transactions relating to
the pension funds managed by it, provide regular information to the employees or
beneficiaries and pay retirement benefits to employees in accordance with the
provisions of the Pension Reform Act 2004. Before it is issued with an operating
licence, the PFA must be a limited liability company whose sole object is the
management of pension funds. To discourage frivolous applications and to ensure
credibility, such company must have a paid up share capital of N150, 000,000 and
demonstrate professional capacity to mange pension funds and administer
retirement benefits.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                  May 3, 2009

Make the most of your pension pot

SECTION: BUSINESS; Personal Finance

LENGTH: 1458 words


Pension funds have been savaged in the downturn. Louise McBride finds out if
there is anything we can doto rescue our nest egg

THE turmoil on world stock markets has wreaked havoc with the pension pots of
ordinary workers. For most of us, the prospects of a EUR27.6m pension -- such as
the one pocketed by Michael Fingleton when he retired as Irish Nationwide boss
last week -- are few and far between.

The Government move last week to protect defined benefit pensions is some
comfort to workers who have paid into pensions for most of their working lives
-- and whose employer is about to go to the wall. The Government's new pensions
insolvency payment scheme protects those who belong to a pension scheme that is
running out of money -- but only if the employer who provided that scheme has
gone bust. An insolvent pension scheme provided by an employer who is still in
business is not protected

There are two types of pension schemes: defined benefit and defined
contribution. Defined benefit schemes were long considered the more superior
pension as they "guaranteed" to pay a pension equivalent to a percentage of your
salary (usually about two-thirds) on your retirement.

With defined contribution schemes, there is no such guarantee. The value of your
pension depends on what you and your employer pay into your pension, and how
well that money is invested.

"The defined benefit concept made sense 50 years ago when salaries were lower,
we had shorter life spans and equity investment returns were better," says
Ciaran Phelan, director of the Irish Brokers Association. "Now they no longer
appear to make sense. With some schemes critically underfunded, many members
will be doing well to receive half of their promised pension."

So is there anything you can do ensure you're not living on the breadline when
you retire?

GET THE FACTS

If a member of a defined benefit scheme, find out if the scheme is underfunded
by checking the annual report or asking the pension trustees. If it is
underfunded, find out how that might affect the size of your pension.

If a member of a defined contribution scheme, know exactly what investments your
money is being paid into -- and how well (or badly) those investments are
performing. If you're due to retire in less than five years and have a lot of
money in high-risk investments, consider moving your money into less risky
investments. Get advice before you do this.

JUMP SHIP?

If paying into a defined benefit pension scheme that is in dire straits, you
might be tempted to leave that pension scheme and move the money you have
already paid into it elsewhere.

While it might be a good idea to leave and stop paying any more money into an
ailing defined benefit pension, moving money already paid into it could be a bad
move -- particularly if the scheme is poorly funded.

"Your pension benefit would usually be reduced to reflect the underfunding in
the scheme," says Brian Buggy, partner with Matheson Ormsby Prentice.

"By transferring your pension out of the scheme, you'll crystallise what was up
to then, a paper loss," says Buggy. "If you leave your money in the pension
scheme, there's no guarantee that the scheme will recover -- but it could.

"If the company providing the pension is reasonably sound and looks like it's
going to pull through, you're probably better off leaving the money you've
already paid into the pension where it is."

If you stop paying money into an ailing defined benefit pension scheme, and want
to pay into a new pension, see if your employer will facilitate you. It may be
more than happy to offer you a defined contribution pension scheme going
forward. If not, you could consider a Personal Retirement Savings Account
(PRSA).

TAKE STOCK OF IMPLODING FUNDS

If you've a defined contribution pension, and you've seen most of the money paid
into a particular investment fund disappear, it could be wise not to pay any
more money into that fund. Opinions differ on this, so get advice before doing
anything.

"Continuing to invest in funds when prices are lower means the same level of
investment buys more 'units' than before," says James Kavanagh, a senior
consultant with Watson Wyatt. "So if and when the stockmarkets stabilise and
rise again, the value of your pension savings may increase even more.
Ill-advised, short-term decisions may mean that you could make things worse over
the longer term.

"The financial markets typically rise and fall quite regularly and, although the
current conditions are more serious than we've seen for many decades, based on
historical experience, if you have time on your side, retirement savings should
have an opportunity to recover current losses."

As for money already paid into poor investments, should you move it?

"It doesn't make sense to move money out of those funds while the market is at a
bottom," warns Ian Mitchell of Deloitte Pension and Investments. "For example,
if you moved money out of a fund that has lost 40 per cent of its value and put
it into cash instead, you may not live long enough to recover your money. It
makes little sense to move money out of a fund when the value is as low as it
has been in 15 years and while there may well be the possibility of a 'bounce'
in value over the next few years."

RETIRE EARLY?

If over 50 and in a defined benefit pension scheme that is still fully funded,
it could be worthwhile considering early retirement. That way, if the scheme
runs into difficulties after you retire, you still get a full pension.

The only thing you could lose out on are future annual increases to your
pension. Under new legislation, if an employer goes bust, pensioners continue to
get first priority but any future pension increases will not be granted to them
until workers who have paid into the scheme, but not yet retired, receive their
share of the benefits.

"If a pension scheme is wound up, pensioners are at the top of the queue --
they're first into the lifeboat," says Tony Gilhawley of Dublin-based financial
consultants Technical Guidance.

If the pension scheme is under-funded, be careful before jumping on early
retirement. An individual seeking early retirement to protect their pension is
in a "catch-22 dilemma", advises Peter Griffin of Allied Pension Trustees. You
must get the consent of the pension scheme trustees before taking early
retirement. "If the pension scheme is in deficit, the trustees should not permit
early retirement as this will further weaken the funding position of the scheme
."

If you take early retirement when a scheme is under-funded, you're unlikely to
get the full pension you expected.

"Pension benefits would also be less, as they would be based on current salary
as opposed to possible salary increases earned up to normal retirement age,"
says Griffin.

Regardless of whether or not your pension scheme is underfunded, the earlier you
retire, the lower your annual pension, as your pension pot is spread out over a
longer period of time. For example, a EUR100,000 pension lump sum pays a
retiring 65-year-old an annual pension of EUR6,590. However, if that person
retires at 50, their pension is only EUR4,700.

GRAB CIVIL SERVICE EARLY RETIREMENT

The early retirement scheme for civil servants, unveiled last month by Finance
Minister Brian Lenihan, is a no-brainer.

A 50-year-old public servant on a salary of EUR60,000 would add about EUR360,000
to his pension pot by taking early retirement, says Gilhawley. Before the scheme
was introduced, a public servant with 30 years salary could have expected a
retirement package of about EUR655,229 if he retired at 50, says Gilhawley. In
the new scheme, their package is now worth EUR1,017,814.

GET IN WITH TRUSTEES

The trustees of a pension scheme must act in the best interest of the
beneficiaries of the pension. However, it is still worthwhile getting a workers'
representative on to the board of trustees.

"Members have the right to representation on a trustee board where there are
more than 50 active and pensioner members," Griffin says. "This is one way of
ensuring members' interests are looked after in investment decisions."

DON'T REDUCE PENSION CONTRIBUTIONS

If you're planning to put less money into your pension because of the plummeting
stock market, think again, says Griffin.

"Pension contributions are perhaps still the most tax-efficient method of saving
available to individuals. Tax and PRSI relief of up to 47.25 per cent is there
for contributions. In the current environment, equities are generally 40 per
cent cheaper than 18 months ago. Hopefully this is the bottom of the market," he
says

But if you've lost all faith in pensions, you could consider other investments.
Pin your hopes on property or a straightforward deposit account' Who knows?

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Hospital admissions 'not behind' rising costs;
Contrary to claims by private hospitals, a study by the Council for Medical
Schemes shows that the number of medical scheme members admitted to private
hospitals has declined over the past five years. Laura du Preez reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1047 words


Medical scheme beneficiaries' use of private hospitals declined over the five
years to the end of 2006, but this had no positive effect on claims paid to
hospitals per beneficiary, which showed a real increase over the same period.
This is according to research released this week by the Council for Medical
Schemes.

The research contradicts arguments by the Hospital Association of South Africa
(Hasa) that an increase in the utilisation of services, rather than tariff
increases, is driving up private hospital costs, which are, in turn, pushing up
your medical scheme contributions.

The study also reveals that over the past five years there have been higher
rates of increases in what medical schemes spend on your claims than there have
been in members' contributions.

Average contributions increased by 34.7 percent over the five years from 2002 to
2006. The increase in real terms (after inflation) was 11.2 percent over the
five-year period, or 2.7 percent a year.

Claims paid by schemes increased in real terms by 20.1 percent over the
five-year period, or 4.7 percent a year, the report says.

Pressure from providers

The higher increase in claims despite the decline in the use of private
hospitals is attributed to cost pressure from healthcare providers. Private
hospital admissions are regarded as one of the major drivers of costs in medical
schemes.

However, members' utilisation of specialists - another major source of costs for
schemes - has increased, the report shows.

Patrick Matshidze, the head of the council's benefit management unit, says many
specialists charge at rates that are three times as high as those in the
guideline National Health Reference Price List tariffs.

The effect of the increase in members' use of specialists is an increase in your
contributions, or, in some instances, reduced benefits or a limit on your access
to these doctors' services, he says.

In a recent presentation to Parliament's portfolio committee on health, Hasa
provided statistics from the three major private hospital groups that showed
there had been a 13-percent increase in medical scheme hospital admissions
between 2002 and 2006.

It said admissions had increased from 920 000 medical scheme beneficiaries in
2002 to about 1.03 million in 2006.

But the Council for Medical Schemes's latest report on trends in medical scheme
contributions, membership and benefits shows that in 2002 there were 231.6
beneficiaries in every 1 000 who were admitted to hospital. By 2006, this had
dropped 25 percent to 173.7 beneficiaries for every 1 000.

The number of beneficiaries admitted to day clinics also declined - by 29
percent - the Council for Medical Schemes's report says.

Annual expenditure on private hospitals per beneficiary in 2002 was R2 023.56
and it increased to R2 483.84 by 2006 - an increase of 22.85 percent in real
(after-inflation) terms, the report says.

Expenditure on ward and theatre fees increased consistently in real terms over
the five years, with total real increases of 34 percent and 32.1 percent
respectively.

Matshidze says the council's figures are based on schemes' audited financial
statements. He says the council would like to see the hospitals' data to see
what the differences are.

Matshidze says in an attempt to understand what is driving medical scheme costs,
the council is also busy with research into the mix of hospital cases for which
schemes paid and the variations in the prices paid for those cases.

An earlier report prepared by the office of the Registrar of Medical Schemes
commented on data on the length of stays of private hospital users. It said
this, when seen together with high (albeit declining) admission rates, indicates
that patients who are not very ill are being admitted to hospital.

Fewer visits to dentists

An analysis of the five-year trends also showed that on average medical scheme
members are claiming for fewer visits to general practitioners (GPs) and
dentists than they were five years ago.

However, the number of beneficiaries who made at least one visit a year to a GP
that was paid for by their scheme had increased.

In the case of dentists, there was both a decrease in the use of their services
and a 28.3-percent decrease in claims paid to them per beneficiary in real
terms.

The rate at which medical scheme members are using the services of pathologists,
radiologists, physicians, paediatricians, gynaecologists and anaesthetists is
described in the report as high in 2002, with the use of each speciality
recorded at more than 100 visits a year for every 1 000 beneficiaries.

According to the report, by 2006 utilisation of the services of pathologists had
increased by 33.7 percent, followed by paediatricians (16.6 percent) and
physicians (14.7 percent).

The use of radiologists and anaesthetists increased by 7.4 percent and 0.9
percent respectively.

There was also a general increase in the amount that schemes spent on
specialists, with expenditure on anaesthetists per beneficiary increasing by
89.3 percent over the five-year period, expenditure on pathologists increasing
by 87 percent and expenditure on radiologists rising by 51.8 percent.

These trends were maintained when the figures were adjusted for inflation, the
report says.

Matshidze says there are myriad factors that could be behind these trends, and
the Council for Medical Schemes still has to investigate some of them further.

However, Matshidze says, the benefit structure of many medial schemes is such
that you, as a member, can go straight to a specialist without seeing a GP for a
referral first. It appears, he says, that many scheme members are going straight
to specialists.

Matshidze says the council does not have a fuller understanding of why there has
been such a steep increase in scheme members' use of radiologists and
pathologists.

He says it is also difficult to say what is behind the decrease in members'
claims for visits to dentists, because most schemes provide benefits for these
services, although hospital plans and some low-cost schemes options do not.

Matshidze says certain changes during the five years to the end of 2006 - such
as the introduction of cover for certain chronic conditions as benefits schemes
must provide - will have affected schemes, but the impact of these changes was
not the focus of this research.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            February 18, 2008 Monday

Growing old gracefully;
In principle, does the National Lifelong Income scheme address the needs of our
ageing population? What more can be done to make the scheme even better?

SECTION: VIEWS FROM THE TOP

LENGTH: 2285  words


Darren Thomson President & CEO Manulife

THE National Lifelong Income scheme provides a longevity safety net for
Singaporeans. The scheme has options and choices to suit individual needs. It's
good that exemption is given to those who already have an annuity plan in place,
so as to avoid overstretching their resources. The following two areas are for
enhancement consideration. Obviously, we need to bear in mind that there will be
a trade-off of benefits with the additional features.

(1) Advance payment - A person with terminal illness should be allowed to exit
the scheme at any time and advance all the benefits as there is no longer a need
to guard against longevity and the advanced payments will go towards his
healthcare needs.

(2) Inflation risk - It should be taken into consideration and adjust the
interest rate to match inflation rate. This is to ensure that the purchasing
power is not eroded. Thus, one will not need to compromise his living standard
due to inflation.

Lim Soon Hock Managing Director PLAN-B ICAG Pte Ltd

THE National Lifelong Income scheme should not be seen in isolation from other
major reforms: higher interest rates on CPF savings, enhanced Workfare Income
Supplement for mature workers, MediCare, MediShield and the proposed means
testing, which are all designed as integral parts of a holistic framework to
better prepare all Singaporeans for retirement and old age.

I am pleased that the latest proposal on the National Lifelong Income scheme
takes into account two key concerns of the man in the street - a flexible payout
period and a refund of premiums in case of early death.

The ideal scheme would be one that involves a minimum premium for maximum payout
for life. While the scheme itself may not meet this objective, it can when
considered against other steps which our government can take, and current
initiatives which are in place.

While the scheme is now more palatable and with premiums being paid out from the
CPF Minimum Sum, the challenge is to determine the quantum of payouts that will
be sufficient to sustain living for life and at what premium. Given that this is
a matter of great interest to policyholders, it is important to engage the
public, if it has not already been done.

During good years, perhaps our government could consider giving out top-ups for
the CPF Minimum Sum as a subsidy for premium payouts and to maximise this
reserve for the man in the street.

No such scheme on its own will completely address the needs of everyone but I am
confident our government will do the necessary to help those in dire need as
well as cater to the needs of our ageing population.

Fong Loo Fern Managing Director CYC The Custom Shop Pte Ltd

THE National Lifelong Income scheme is very comprehensive and seems like a great
instrument to help meet the needs of the ageing population. I like the
flexibilities offered by the scheme and I congratulate the committee for
listening to the feedback from the ground. My only concern is how the government
will provide help for those who are not able to achieve the minimum sum. Of
particular concern are those who do not have children and singles with low
paying jobs.

Teng Yeow Heng Michael Managing Director TR Formac Pte Ltd

IT is heartening to learn that the National Lifelong Income scheme has gone
through a thorough review and many people were consulted this time. However, I
hope that the committee will review the following:

1. The crux of the problem is that most of us will not have enough for our
retirement. Therefore, no matter how we package the scheme, the amount is not
going to be enough to take care of our retirement. Can the government agency
through the CPF give us better returns for our funds so that we have more money
in our old age? I understand that better returns come with higher risks.
However, with the galloping inflation, it is more risky now keeping the funds in
safe instruments with low returns than investing in funds with better return but
higher risk instruments.

2. With inflation rapidly going north, I cannot imagine what our money will be
worth by the time we retire. Can the authorities tell us how the annuity can be
protected or sheltered against inflation?

Sam Yap SG PhD (Entrepreneurship), USA Group Executive Chairman Cherie Hearts
Group Int'l Pte Ltd

THE National Lifelong Income scheme is a welcome complement to the existing CPF,
MediShield and MediSave Schemes - as social safety nets for the people. I have
two suggestions, which the committee may like to consider:

1. Given the rising rate of inflation, especially for healthcare and food -
basic consumption items for the elderly - the scheme must generate returns that
are at least on par with the rate of inflation on these items. Preferably, the
scheme should give returns that are 4-5 per cent higher than the inflation rate.
In this respect, if the CPF Board, currently having its hands full with managing
CPF monies, does not have the resources to guarantee such returns, perhaps the
scheme could be outsourced.

2. Allow for flexible withdrawal of monies in the scheme, such as when a
policyholder falls critically ill. The money should not be held till his/her
death but disbursed earlier to meet his/her immediate needs.

To prevent abuse, such money disbursed should be managed by a government agency
rather than given to the policyholder or his/her next-of-kin directly.

Wee Piew CEO HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd

WHILE the proposed annuity scheme has the best intentions of providing for the
longer lifespan of Singaporeans, it should at best be an opt-out scheme and not
be a compulsory scheme. I believe most Singaporeans would still join the scheme
if they see its merits. However, the scheme should allow Singaporeans who have
sufficient savings or who are able to work after retirement the right to give
the scheme a miss.

If the scheme is made optional, the government can encourage Singaporeans to
join by making a joint contribution to those who opt to join the scheme.

Deborah Ho Chief Executive Officer DBS Asset Management Ltd

THE National Lifelong Income scheme is a credible way to address the rising life
expectancy of our population and their need for financial security in their
sunset years. As Singaporeans become better educated and more financially savvy,
they would prefer investment options that incorporate income generation and
capital preservation when they reach retirement age.

This is where the financial services industry can step in to help Singaporeans
diversify their investment portfolios and give them the best returns
commensurate to their risk profile. Banking specialists like DBS Group are well
placed to help them achieve this.

While the scheme is still in its early stages, I hope future versions will offer
greater simplicity in ease of understanding, flexibility in letting people
tailor it to meet their personal financial needs, as well as payouts pegged to
inflation. With the inevitable shift in socio-economic trends over time, it
should also be reviewed periodically to ensure that it continues to serve its
original purpose and stakeholders.

Charles Reed CEO interTouch

FOR the scheme to be viable over the next few decades, it should address
possible economic changes such as rising inflation or slowdowns. For instance,
integrating a tied-to-inflation cost adjustment into the scheme will make it
more flexible and unequivocal.

More flexibility can also be introduced to the current proposal that, once
chosen, the starting payout age cannot be changed. Individuals who have
originally applied to receive the payout at a certain age should be allowed to
appeal for an earlier payout under exceptional circumstances. This includes
those who are forced into retirement by sudden disabilities.

Once the scheme is finalised, it needs to be laid out in clear and simple terms
to the general population so that they are aware and understand how the scheme
works and how it benefits them. This will generate public discussion and allow
constructive feedback that would help fine-tune the scheme in the long run.

Gary Harvey CEO ipac Wealth Management Asia

THE future will be one of longer life expectancy; perhaps longer than we
anticipate, better health and higher lifestyle expectations for most people's
retirement. But this requires higher levels of financial independence than we
have today.

The CPF Life initiative is to be commended, but it should not be seen as the
only requirement for a happy retirement or as an excuse to relinquish
responsibility for funding our retirement needs to the government. Rather it
should be the motivation that calls on every individual to bear the
responsibility to act on understanding his/her retirement needs and planning for
sufficient financial resources.

Issues that need to be seriously taken into account are maintaining your current
lifestyle in retirement, inflation and the financial risks of us living longer.
That's why I believe now is the critical time for everyone to start retirement
planning, if they haven't yet done so.

Glenn Tan Chief Executive Motor Image Enterprises

I BELIEVE that the fundamentals of the Lifelong Income scheme are basically
sound. But more can be done to educate Singaporeans about managing their
finances and saving for old age. We must acknowledge that it is not just the
government's responsibility to provide for the elderly. Individuals must take
more responsibility.

However, we need help to improve our financial management skills and this is
where the government can do more to help. For example, they can work with
financial institutions to provide free public talks. Or, they could offer
financial education as an optional subject in tertiary institutions. This would
benefit younger Singaporeans who are entering the work force to better manage
their finances and encourage them to start saving while they are young.

R Theyvendran Chairman/Managing Director Stamford Media International Group

YES, to a considerable extent the scheme does address the needs of our ageing
population. The security of an uninterrupted Lifelong Income is a fundamental
need for a human being to grow up holistically.

If handled with sensitivity and understanding, the scheme would instil a certain
psychological confidence and trust. A concurrent scheme should be specially
designed and packaged for the poor and low-income who have their own sets of
needs and problems.

The scheme should also factor in inflation. The underlying principle should be
that the ageing process does not diminish human dignity, whatever else might
fade away in time.

Tan Kok Leong Principal TKL Consulting

THE goal of the ageing population probably is financial independence beyond
retirement and to enjoy a decent life of their own. Globalisation and technology
however have changed the world.

They have to worry whether they have saved enough, or whether it will be
sufficient. They worry whether their investment will end up in a mess. They are
sceptical of experts' help, afraid they may earn excessively. They also worry
whether they can get enough growth of their savings funds and whether the
retirement scheme could turn underfunded. The National Lifelong Income scheme
probably has a good answer to all the problems.

Wee Hee Ling Managing Director Commonwealth Travel Service Corporation Pte Ltd

SPECIAL attention should be given to the low-income group who will need this
safety net most. This group does not have a big lump sum in their CPF or the
know-how to tap on suitable financial instruments. Reaching out to them through
appropriate communication channels, educating and helping them to understand the
various options available is key.

The scheme can also take into consideration cases beyond the norm, such as those
living alone and have no dependants when they retire. With rising living and
medical costs, and an ageing population, other avenues to help needy
Singaporeans should continue to be explored.

Liu Chunlin Managing Director K&C Protective Technologies Pte Ltd

I THINK the change in name itself has helped to set the tone and expectations.
While other countries have welfare schemes where citizens become dependent on
them, our government has carefully calibrated it to provide the balance of
government's help with citizenry responsibility. And it is that balance in the
social contract which has to be carefully maintained all the time.

I know the public may want to see more benefit, but it has to come from
somewhere. I am one for the government not overdoing it. Have a basic
arrangement and leave the rest to the citizens and their extended families. The
scheme may try to hold out too much and take away from individual and family
responsibilities.

In terms of how wide the net is cast, it may not matter much to the rich as they
may see the amount in old age as extra cash which may not impact their lifestyle
or something which could be passed down to their children. The safety net will
definitely not cover the poor without CPF amounts. That problem will remain.

I guess the government is then trying to catch the large middle group. And for
them, the thing that will work is a sustainable, holistic and meaningful
lifestyle in old age. The minister mentor has already lent his take by
advocating life-long work to keep one active and healthy. More avenues could be
created for ordinary older folk to work part-time which could include some
voluntary work with allowance, creating a new mindset of seeing this as positive
and life-enhancing, encouraging them to enjoy life on the go and keeping fit -
till illness or infirmity stops you.

By then one's hope is that the remaining savings, annuity, family goodwill and
means plus whatever prevailing healthcare arrangement will be the final personal
safety net.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2007 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

TeleMed drops waiting periods for pregnant women

BYLINE: Laura du Preez

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 339 words


In a bid to attract younger members, TeleMed medical scheme has decided to admit
pregnant women as members without any waiting periods or exclusions.

As a pregnant woman, you will be able to join the scheme and enjoy cover for any
pre-natal care you need, for the birth and for both you and your baby
afterwards.

Most medical schemes will not cover your pre- and post-natal care if you are
pregnant and join a scheme, unless you have been a member of another scheme for
at least two consecutive years.

If you change schemes after having been a member of a scheme for more than two
years, you may still be faced with a three-month waiting period before you enjoy
cover for pre- and post-natal care.

It is not a good idea to risk such a waiting period when you are pregnant in
case complications arise - such as eclampsia, hypertension, pre-term labour and
gestational diabetes - or the baby arrives early.

Medical schemes apply these waiting periods to prevent you from joining a scheme
only when you need cover - for example, when you are pregnant.

TeleMed began as a restricted medical scheme for Telkom employees. However, it
has been an open scheme since 1994. The scheme has 26 000 members.

TeleMed chief executive officer Carel Stadler says the scheme's solvency ratio
(its reserves expressed as a percentage of its gross contribution income) at the
end of 2006 was 15 percent. This is well below the 25 percent ratio schemes are
required by law to maintain.

TeleMed has, however, submitted a business plan to the Registrar of Medical
Schemes in terms of which it hopes to meet the 25 percent level by the middle of
next year, he says.

TeleMed's reserves at the end of 2005 were 21.6 percent, and Stadler says the
scheme's ratio declined because its contribution increases for the past few
years have been below the industry average, partly in anticipation of the
introduction of the Risk Equalisation Fund for medical schemes, from which
TeleMed expected to benefit. The implementation of this fund has been postponed
until at least 2009.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                 April 13, 2006

Rolls-Royce tackles pensions gap

LENGTH: 518 words



HIGHLIGHT: The aerospace company Rolls-Royce today moved to close its 1.28bn
pensions deficit by proposing a 500m payment and closing its final salary scheme
to new members.


The aerospace company Rolls-Royce today moved to close its 1.28bn pensions
deficit by proposing a 500m payment and closing its final salary scheme to new
members.

Rolls-Royce, which has one of the UK's biggest pensions gaps, would make the
lump sum payment across its three current pension schemes and increase the level
of its future contributions.

Current pensioners and workers already paying into the scheme will retain their
final salary schemes.

Rolls said the 500m payment will depend on members of the schemes accepting
closure of the final salary pension schemes to new members and a change of
investment strategy to boost returns.

Rolls said the moves addressed the shortfall as well as offering "secure,
competitive and affordable pension arrangements for the group and all its
members". New members would join a money pension scheme.

In a money pension scheme, an employee puts payments - with matching payments
from the employers - into an individual pension fund rather than into a
collective pension fund, as is the case with a final salary scheme. Upon
retirement, the pension will be based on the value of that fund.

If the stock market has fallen and the fund falls in value, the employer does
not make up the difference. This makes money purchase schemes cheaper for the
employer, hence the trend for firms to close their final salary schemes in
favour of money pension schemes.

In final salary schemes, the company is obliged to pay a pension based on a
proportion of salary on retirement and duration of work, regardless of what the
market does.

Rolls-Royce closed its main scheme, the Rolls-Royce pension fund, to new members
in 1999 and struck an agreement to reduce the deficit of the fund by 567m.
Today's announcement will result in the company's two other schemes being closed
to new members.

Rolls-Royce currently has 60,493 pensioners out of a total membership of 119,054
across the three schemes. Besides the Rolls-Royce pension fund, the company also
has the Rolls-Royce group pension scheme and the Vickers group pension scheme.

Rolls recently said pre-tax profits jumped 49% to 584m in 2005, following
continued strong growth in its after-sales services arm. Its shares have been
among the best performing in the FTSE 100 Index.

At the same time as announcing its results in February, Rolls said it was
looking at ways to tackle the pension deficit, which rose 15% last year.

Many other British companies are in the same situation as Rolls-Royce. The
collective pensions deficit for Britain's biggest companies was 44bn in March,
according to the consulting firm Watson Wyatt.

Such liabilities have been rising because people are retiring early and living
longer, and because of tougher new accounting rules and low bond yields.

As a result, around three-quarters of the 10,000 larger final salary corporate
pension schemes have been closed to new members.

BA, another company suffering from a big pensions gap, is also proposing a
one-off payment of 500m into its final salary pension scheme, as well as raising
the retirement age of pilots from 55 to 60 and cutting company contributions.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2006 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              981 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                January 11, 2006

Scottish utility powers down final salary pension scheme;
Closed to new members, age raised to 65, and 40-per cent hike in contributions

BYLINE: IAN McCONNELL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 689 words


SCOTTISHPOWER is closing its final salary pension scheme to new members, hiking
by 40-per cent the amount which thousands of existing employees have to
contribute, and raising its pension age from 63 to 65.

Staff who have been with it since before privatisation will be protected, but
the radical changes are just the latest in what is proving an extremely bleak
midwinter for UK pension provision.

They are part of ScottishPower chief executive Ian Russell's ongoing campaign to
screw down costs, and come only two months after the Glasgow-headquartered
electricity and gas company claimed a 45-per cent leap in halftime profits.

Trade union Unison said it was "deeply concerned" about the "attack".

However, the pension changes at ScottishPower are less dramatic than those at
pest control to security services group Rentokil, which broke with convention
recently by going as far as closing its final salary pension scheme to further
contributions from existing members.

The Co-op then said last week that it would close its final salary schemes and
move to an average salary arrangement. Arcadia, the retail group owned by Philip
Green, informed its employees that they must work five years longer and pay in
more to maintain pension benefits.

ScottishPower's UK final salary pension scheme deficit of about GBP150m is
relatively small for a company of its size.

The utility has continued to offer a final salary scheme to new staff for much
longer than rival Scottish & Southern Energy, the parent company of Scottish
Hydro-Electric. SSE closed its final salary schemes to new members in 1999.

HBOS subsidiary Bank of Scotland's final salary scheme was closed to new staff
at the end of 2002.

Brewer Scottish & Newcastle closed its final salary scheme to new members in
2003.

With ScottishPower shutting its scheme to new members, Royal Bank of Scotland
now stands out among the biggest quoted companies north of the border in terms
of the generosity of its pension provision.

Royal has said it is committed to a final salary scheme which is still open to
new recruits, but has left its options open by saying it keeps the situation
under review. Its scheme is particularly generous because it is non-contributory
for employees.

ScottishPower employees who are members of the UK final salary scheme will see
their contribution rate hiked from 5-per cent of pay to 7-per cent over four
years, at a rate of 0.5 percentage points per annum. This represents a total
40-per cent increase.

The company said those employees who have been with it continuously since before
its privatisation in 1990 would be "protected" from both the increases in
contribution rate and pension age under arrangements entered into when the
company was removed from the public sector.

A ScottishPower spokesman said 40-per cent of about 7600 employees who
contribute to the final salary scheme would be exempt from the changes for this
reason.

The spokesman, meanwhile, estimated ScottishPower was likely to increase its
rate of contribution to the final salary scheme from 15-per cent - currently
three times that of employees - to somewhere approaching 17-per cent .

As well as about 7600 contributing employees, ScottishPower's final salary
scheme has 5800 deferred members and 12,900 pensioners.

ScottishPower said yesterday it aimed to clear the deficit on the scheme within
about five years.

The company confirmed that its directors were members of the UK final salary
scheme and that, like other employees, their contributions would rise and their
pension age would increase from 63 to 65.

ScottishPower is to introduce a money purchase pension scheme for all new
employees from April. Such schemes are viewed generally as far less generous
than final salary arrangements, paying out according to what is in the pot
rather than offering a defined benefit.

The company has begun consulting this week with trade unions Unison and Amicus
and will continue talks through January.

Gerry Crawley, Unison regional officer for ScottishPower, said: "We are deeply
concerned about this attack on the final salary pension scheme that is one of
the better schemes in the private sector. "

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2006 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              982 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           December 23, 2005, Friday
                                 First Edition

Provident doubles cost of pensions

BYLINE: Nicky Burridge Special correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 497 words


Provident Financial was yesterday accused of trying to force staff out of its
final salary pension scheme by doubling the contributions they have to pay.

The specialist lender said it was raising employee contributions to the scheme
from seven per cent of members' pay to 14 per cent from April next year.

The Bradford-based group said the pension, into which it contributes 31 per cent
of staff's pay, was simply too expensive to run at current contribution levels.

The move comes as the group introduces a new cash balance pension scheme, and it
is keen to get as many of its staff as possible to move out of the final salary
scheme into the cash balance scheme.

Earlier this week Rentokil Initial, which has a major office in Dudley, became
the first FTSE 100 company to say it planned to close its final salary scheme to
all members, sparking predictions from pensions experts that other large firms
would follow.

Under Provident's cash balance scheme, members will have 20 per cent of their
salary paid into a pension pot each year, and the company guarantees the value
of the pot will increase each year in line with the retail price index plus1.5
per cent, up to a cap of 6.5 per cent.

Staff will only have to contribute five per cent of their salary, with the firm
making this up to 20 per cent a year once investment returns have been factored
in.

But the TUC said Provident was effectively closing its final salary scheme by
the backdoor by dramatically increasing contributions to an unaffordable level.

A spokeswoman said: "It sounds like they don't want to keep the final salary
scheme going. They are upping contributions to a very high proportion of your
salary that most people won't be able to afford.

"It seems they are forcing members into an inferior pension scheme."

Provident announced last week that its final salary pension scheme currently had
a pounds 133 million deficit.

It said it would be paying a pounds 31 million lump sum into the scheme this
month, and hoped to have the deficit closed by the middle of next year.

Around 2,200 of Provident's UK workforce of 3,500 are currently members of the
final salary scheme.

The group said it held discussions with staff before setting up the new cash
balance plan, and the company was also paying for its workers to take financial
advice on which scheme they should be in.

A spokeswoman said: "The proposed changes to the Provident Financial final
salary pension scheme arrangements will benefit both the company and members of
the scheme.

"Staff will benefit from membership of a scheme that protects past benefits and
is more secure. The scheme is now fully funded and the level of investment risk
has been reduced with a shift away from equities and towards bonds and gilts.

"The cash balance option is an attractive pension scheme which is more
sustainable in respect of future service. The option remains for those who wish
to stay in the final salary scheme to do so, albeit at a far greater level of
member contribution

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  July 2, 1995

Choice of funds urged

BYLINE: By NO KWAI-YAN

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 399 words


THE Government should exempt firms with their own retirement plans from the
Mandatory Provident Fund scheme, say the territory's largest employer and
employee groups.

The Legislative Council Bills Committee on the scheme heard yesterday that
company pensions should be allowed to include new staff if they meet the
requirements of the fund scheme.

In the proposed provident fund, current occupational retirement schemes will be
frozen and all employers will have to set up mandatory schemes for new staff
even if the old systems carried a better rate of return. So companies will end
up running two schemes at the same time.

The Deputy Secretary for Education and Manpower, Jacqueline Willis, said her
branch would discuss the issue with employers.

The deputy chairman of the Federation of Hong Kong Industries, Andrew Leung,
said more than 35 per cent of the working population was already covered by
extremely sound retirement schemes.

"Those companies should not be forced to run two retirement schemes at a time,"
said Mr Leung.

"The Government has to find ways to interface current occupational schemes and
the proposed mandatory fund scheme or provide existing scheme exemption if they
already meet the minimum requirement of mandatory scheme.

"I can't see why civil servants and teachers are exempted from MPF under the new
law, but not the private sector," he added.

A representative from American Chamber of Commerce, Paula DeLisle, said: "It's
now just like punishment for the employers who have put lots of money and time
into running fabulous schemes."

The Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions, one of 16 organisations at the bills
committee hearing, backed employers' view, saying it was a waste of resources
and complicate matters for a company to run two schemes.

It said workers' interests would be harmed if they could not join an old scheme
that offered a better return than the mandatory scheme.

"It won't be sensible for an employee to give up joining a scheme with a high
return rate while putting his money in the uncertain MPF scheme," said Bar
Association vice-chairman Barry Sceats.

Both sides of industry said employees should have a tax deduction for their
contribution to the mandatory scheme, equal to that of the employers'.

Miss Willis rejected this, saying it would mean a double tax deduction privilege
for the employees.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1995 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              984 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 21, 1995 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Reserve argues against ABI scheme

BYLINE: IAN ROGERS

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCE; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 344 words


THERE was no case to extend the Australian Banking Industry Ombudsman's scheme
to cover small business borrowers, according to the Reserve Bank.

In a written submission to the House of Representatives' standing committee on
banking, finance and public administration, the RBA argued there was "no logical
case for aligning" the scheme's terms of reference with those of schemes in
other countries.

Similar schemes in New Zealand, Ireland and Britain apply, or will soon apply,
to small business.

At present, the ABIO scheme is restricted to personal customers - although small
business or farmers operating in an unincorporated form may use the scheme for
disputes up to $100,000.

However, there is pressure from some groups representing small business to
extend the scheme to cover incorporated businesses, a proposal which has some
support from members of the parliamentary committee.

The ABIO's board is considering a proposal from the scheme's council to review
the terms of reference.

This review will examine "gaps" in the scheme's coverage and inconsistencies
between the terms of the scheme, the code of practice for the banking industry
and the consumer credit code to be introduced next year.

Under the structure of ABIO, the council (comprising consumer and industry
representatives and an independent chair, Mr Justice Gobbo) makes
recommendations. But authority on terms of reference, and the scheme's budget,
rests with the board, which is comprised solely of representatives of banks
which fund the scheme.

In her annual report, the Ombudsman, Ms Susan Brooks, said overcoming inherent
skews in usage of the scheme was one of her major challenges.

"In achieving the aims of the scheme, relatively easy, direct and equitable
consumer access is essential," she said.

Ms Brooks has also shown interest in at least one area outside the scheme's
terms of reference - bank fees.

A recent survey found 27 per cent of complaints to banks were related to fees
and charges. However, over the life of the Ombudsman scheme only 10.2 per cent
of complaints related to fees.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 19, 1995, Sunday

Pyramid selling faces ban

BYLINE: Simon Hinde

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 762 words


The government is to clamp down on schemes that hold out 'get rich quick' cash
rewards, writes Simon Hinde.

PYRAMID-SELLING schemes that have fleeced the public of an estimated Pounds 30m
are to be outlawed under proposed new regulations. The Department of Trade and
Industry (DTI) is to close the loopholes that have allowed more than 100 ''get
rich quick'' schemes such as Alchemy UK and Midas to flourish, persuading
customers to hand over thousands of pounds with the promise of huge, rapid
returns.

Announcing proposals to amend the Fair Trading Act to cover get-rich-quick
schemes, Earl Ferrers, minister for consumer affairs, said that under current
law it was difficult to protect the public from such schemes: ''The result is
that unsuspecting people who have joined such schemes have lost considerable
amounts of money.''

Richard Berry of the Direct Selling Association, which represents legitimate
multi-level marketing companies, said that the rules were long overdue: ''We
hear about new schemes every week. They are definitely on the increase.''

The schemes depend on more and more subscribers being recruited to pay out the
promised returns. Those at the top of the pyramid who invariably include the
founders can reap huge rewards, while the majority never see their money again.

A typical scheme might require each member to recruit six people and to fill
three levels of the pyramid in order to get the maximim reward from the scheme.
This involves recruiting 216 people (6x6x6).

While this might sound achievable, the mathematics soon become mind-boggling.
For the six people on the second rung to fill the necessary three levels beneath
them, each must find a further 216 people a total of 1,296. When those 1,296
come to recruit, they will require 279,936 people.  For these to get their
reward, 60m participants are required.

In practice, the scheme will collapse under its own weight long before this
happens, having enriched those at the top, leaving the majority out of pocket.
The DTI has acted to close some of the larger schemes in recent months, on the
grounds that they are against the public interest.

Alchemy UK, one of the most controversial, was wound up last year after taking
Pounds 3m of investors' money. Participants were promised a return of Pounds
31,775 after making 24 monthly payments of Pounds 75. At the court hearing to
shut it down, Mr Justice Chadwick said that such schemes would inevitably come
to grief because they would run out of subscribers: ''The schemes are bound to
fail because the pool of those wanting to join is not inexhaustible.'' However,
Alchemy's founders were able quite legally to transfer its assets to a new
company and continue trading.

In other cases, those behind the scheme have proved more difficult to track
down. One of the most active get-rich-quick schemes in recent years has been the
''Edward Green letter'' in which a businessman of that name explains that he
made Pounds 4m by sending out 16,000 mailshots offering four brief reports about
multi-level marketing. The letter has circulated widely, yet trading-standards
officers are convinced that Green does not exist.

Such schemes are sometimes known as ''Ponzi schemes'' after Charles Ponzi, a
Bostonian who persuaded gullible Americans to part with millions of dollars
during the 1920s. They have flourished recently in east European countries such
as Russia and Romania, where the Caritas scheme collapsed having attracted an
estimated $1billion (Pounds 630m) from up to 4m Romanians.

In Britain, the ease with which those behind get-rich-quick schemes have been
able to set up new businesses has long been a source of frustration to
trading-standards officers. The schemes currently fall outside
consumer-protection regulations, because there is no physical product to sell.

Because they are not covered by investor-protection legislation, there is no
fund to compensate those who lose out.

Under the proposed new regulations, which go out for consultation this month, it
will become a criminal offence to set up a get-rich-quick pyramid scheme.
Ferrers said he would be seeking comments from members of such schemes, as well
as trade asssociations and consumer bodies.

Legitimate multi-level marketing schemes such as Amway and Cabouchon, where
those involved are paid for selling a product, will not be affected.

The Direct Selling Association produces an advice leaflet to help consumers
avoid ''dodgy'' schemes. For a free copy write to DSA, 29 Floral Street, London
WC2E 9DP

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Personal Finance

                    Copyright 1995 Times Newspapers Limited


                              986 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                             June 2, 1990, Saturday

Pension schemes face changes

BYLINE: By Barbara Ellis

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 873 words


THOUSANDS of people who belong to company pension schemes face a nerve-racking
18 months, worrying over what investment activity they may discover if and when
their scheme's trustees produce an annual report.

Pension schemes commonly act as strategic tools in takeover bids, or as
defences, or as a handy source of cash for the employer company's business.
Delayed, incomplete or even non-existent information for scheme members is
nothing new.

Two years ago, a trade union official asserted, to general agreement, that a
member paying into a pension scheme had less protection than someone buying a
washing machine on hire purchase and the law has not altered significantly
since.

Changes in how schemes can invest and what they must tell members will result
from the Social Security Bill, passing through Parliament.

Paradoxically, one of the proposed changes may do more harm than good to scheme
members.

A government announcement last November warned pension schemes that from 1991 it
will become illegal for them to invest more than 5 per cent of their funds in
either their employer company's business or its buildings. They were to be given
until the end of 1991 to bring this ''self-investment'' within the new limit.
Some schemes have a long way to go.

The position is probably worse for members of schemes that have recently bought
a headquarters building or a factory from an employer company. These schemes may
be forced on to the depressed property market long before they would otherwise
have considered selling. A close second in the league of unfortunates are the
members whose fund may be investing heavily in costly start-up ventures launched
by the associated company.

''Pension scheme members don't have a right to be forewarned,'' said Mr Colin
Hawtin, pensions manager at Save & Prosper. Also an employee representative on
the investment committee or on the board of trustees could always be outvoted,
he added.

As the law stands,company pension schemes are required to make an annual report
available on request to members within 12 months of the end of the scheme's
year. This should include details of investments and investment policies, and
audited accounts.

However, the 22 pages of detailed regulations define a request as ''a written
request'', and say no more on how information is to be made available than that
it should be ''within a reasonable time after the request is made at a place
which is reasonable having regard to the circumstances of therequest and person
or trade union which made it.''

The Department of Social Security is in the middle of consulting all interested
parties on pension scheme disclosure, having invited comments by the end of
June.

Until new regulations are in place, scheme members have to glean what they can
from the media and the corporate grapevine, unless their company is aiming for
one of the National Association of Pension Funds' Golden Pen awards for
excellence in communications with members.

So, for example, the 2,700 members of the pension scheme at Rockwood, a Unlisted
Securities Market-quoted freight and distribution company, might have read of
their pension scheme's purchase of a Pounds 4.8 million building from the
company. This is, apparently, a self-investment of 25 per cent, since a
reference book gives the fund size as Pounds 20 million.

It followed news that Rockwood had lost Pounds 3.2 million pre-tax in 1989,
compared with a profit of Pounds 2.14 million in 1988.

If shareholders approve a Pounds 5 million rescue package for the company,
control of Rockwood will pass to Mr Lee Ming Tee, a Far East-based businessman.

Rockwood has also had to request shareholders' permission for a temporary
technical breach of its Pounds 45 million borrowing limit.

The trustees of the Rockwood scheme are Mr Tom Forrest, the company's chairman,
and Mr Roger Miller, company secretary.

Mr Forrest said he was advised before the agreement of the property transactions
that Rockwood would be able to meet the future requirements on self-investment
''without disinvestment of the properties from the scheme. You may, of course,
not have properly recognized which of the contemplated transactions would be
self-investment,'' he said.

Mr Forrest said that the Rockwood scheme provided for annual reports to members
after the audited accounts for the scheme year ending on April 5.

''The report wouldwill include all relevant details and that will include
details of (the property transactions).''

Scheme members were not alone in receiving information after the event. The deal
came as a surprise to Legal & General, which manages more than Pounds 6 million
on a discretionary basis for the Rockwood scheme, and at present holds just 10
per cent of these funds in property, reflecting L&G's view of investment
tactics.

''We didn't know about this,'' said a Legal & General spokesman. ''That's the
way of the world, now. People hire you and pay you, but trustees try to control
things.''

Spokesmen for Rockwood's two other pension managers, MI Group and Provident
Mutual, said that the scheme's property deal was no concern of theirs. The
Rockwood scheme had merely invested in their funds buying a unitized pension
product from MI.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1990 Times Newspapers Limited


                              987 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Proposal makes it easier to wind up investment schemes

BYLINE: ANTHONY KLAN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 521  words


MANAGED investment schemes would be required to hold registers of property and
would be more easily wound up in the event of collapse under a raft of
recommendations provided to the federal government.

The federal Corporations and Markets Advisory Committee yesterday completed a
report into schemes that was requested by the government following a spate of
agribusiness scheme collapses in 2009, including that of Great Southern and
Timbercorp.

Among key recommendations were removing disincentives for entities to act as
temporary responsible entities and to establish a set liquidation procedure for
insolvent schemes so investors could more easily obtain remaining funds in the
event of collapse.

CAMAC executive director John Kluver said finding replacement responsible
entities was often frustrated because present laws transferred liabilities of an
outgoing responsible entity to the new party.

``This requirement, while intended to protect counter parties to these
agreements, can discourage suitable entities from undertaking the role,'' Mr
Kluver said.

Under the proposals, removing a responsible entity from an unlisted trust would
require votes in favour of the action representing 25 per cent of all possible
unit-holder votes.

Mr Kluver said the present 50 per cent threshold was a ``very high bar'' and
often made it infeasible to replace poorly performing managers.

``Votes in favour of the action must represent 25 per cent of the issued
capital, which is still a high threshold but not as a high as previously,'' he
said.

Because of problems where the property of schemes become ``entangled'' with
assets controlled by the responsible entity, CAMAC has proposed each scheme have
a definitive register of the ``affairs of the scheme'' and a ``definitive
register of the property of the scheme''.

``The process of introducing a voluntary administration, or liquidation,
procedure for a financially stressed scheme would be simpler under the . . .
proposal because of the full separation of the affairs of the scheme and the
affairs of the responsible entity,'' Mr Kluver said.

Under the proposals a new regulatory structure, the Separate Legal Entity
Proposal, would be implemented for the operation of schemes.

``CAMAC has considered these matters within a broader context of significant
developments that have occurred with the use of schemes in the decade since the
current legislation was introduced, in particular with the greater use of
contract-based `common enterprise' entrepreneurial schemes, such as
horticultural or forestry schemes, alongside more traditional trust-based
`pooled' investment schemes such as cash management trusts or property funds,''
Mr Kluver said.

CAMAC has recommended a ban on the creation of new ``common enterprise'' schemes
.

``These developments have raised complex issues concerning the adequacy of the
current legal framework, both for the regulation of ongoing schemes as well as
for schemes or their responsible entities that experience financial stress,'' Mr
Kluver said.

The report has been submitted to Bernie Ripoll, the Parliamentary Secretary to
the Treasurer, for consideration.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            March 7, 2001 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Match breakers

BYLINE: John Collett

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 655 words


Mortgage schemes are facing the music, writes John Collett.

Investing in mortgages once seemed a safe investment, but that was before the
collapse of the Estate Mortgage trusts and recent losses on mortgage schemes run
by solicitors.

And there's more bad news to come. Solicitors' mortgage schemes that have not
made the cut for inclusion in a tougher regularity regime have until October 31
to wind up. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) expects
more investor losses as the deadline approaches.

Solicitors' mortgage schemes are those where a solicitor matches clients who
have funds to lend with those who want to borrow to buy or develop property.
Some schemes have paid investors annual returns of almost 20 per cent. But as
many investors have found to their cost, just because the facilitator is a
solicitor who may enjoy their trust, that doesn't mean the investment is
risk-free. No-one can put an exact figure on the losses borne by investors in
failed mortgage schemes. However, the NSW Solicitors Fidelity Fund has paid more
than $35 million to investors defrauded by 300 solicitors, with mortgage trust
investments accounting for up to 85 per cent of claims. One of the most infamous
collapses of a solicitors' mortgage scheme was that of Tietyens Mortgage Trust,
which was run by a small Albury solicitor. It turned out that the trust had most
of its funds invested in a single investment a Melbourne retirement village. In
late 1996 the scheme collapsed. Up to 1,000 investors are still waiting to see
how much of their $50 million they might recover.

In an effort to clean up the industry, ASIC started bringing solicitors'
mortgage schemes and similar schemes operated by finance brokers into the
Managed Investments Act in 1999. However, ASIC is concerned that the "run out"
schemes, those who have elected to close perhaps because they are too small to
meet the extra costs of complying with the Managed Investment Act or because
they applied to ASIC but were rejected, have a

high level of borrowers who are defaulting on their repayments.

About 4,000 individuals invest a total $380 million in solicitors' mortgage
schemes in NSW and ASIC estimates almost 20 per cent of the lent money is with
borrowers who are in default. While this should ring alarm bells, it doesn't
mean that investors' losses will extend to the full amount. By "default", ASIC
means that the borrower may have missed only one repayment.

The problem is most acute in Queensland, where the default rate is 60 per cent.
The run-out schemes have been prohibited by ASIC from accepting new mortgage
investors during the two-year wind-up period. But as the deadline for wind-up
draws closer, it is inevitable there will be more losses. To help minimise the
losses ASIC has secured the services of Tony Hodgson, a leading insolvency
expert, to help identify schemes most at risk.

Bringing the solicitors' mortgage schemes under the tougher regulatory regime
should see the demise of schemes that unfairly tarnished the reputation of all
such schemes as a "lender of last resort".

Being brought under the Managed Investments Act means the schemes will be
regulated in exactly the same way as the largest fund managers, says Ian
Johnston, ASIC's national director of financial services regulations. "The key
protection for investors is that all solicitors' mortgage schemes will have to
be licensed by ASIC, which means we make an assessment of their ability to run a
managed investments scheme," Johnston says.

There are additional disclosure and prospectus requirements that will make more
information available to investors, he says.

While the mortgage schemes will be much better regulated, as always, it is up to
investors to do their homework. In some cases, mortgage schemes run by
solicitors lend only to one borrower, who may be developing just one project.
Mortgage trusts will usually have a much wider spread of borrowers.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Illustration: Michael McGurk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 992 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                  May 17, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

Regulatory neglect in medical scheme industry hurts low earners and sick the
most

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1063 words


The failure to complete the regulatory reform of the medical schemes industry
affects all users of private health care, but most particularly vulnerable
low-income earners, the sick and the elderly.

The industry has been dubbed a "regulatory orphan" since various reforms aimed
at introducing a social health insurance system were abandoned.

The effects are that we are all paying more than we should for medical scheme
membership; estimates are that membership could be 14 percent cheaper if all
employees were made to join schemes.

But as highlighted in our front page article this week on the prescribed minimum
benefits (PMBs) and that on the future of insurance products two weeks ago, the
effects of regulatory neglect are felt most severely by lower earners and older,
sicker members of schemes. They are most vulnerable to contribution increases
and high out-of-pocket payments as a result of rising PMB costs.

And it is low-income earners unable to afford a medical scheme who face having
their access to private health care removed if their health insurance plans are
banned.

In this week's article on the rising cost of PMBs, we report that the Council
for Medical Schemes' data show that members of schemes with the sickest and
oldest members are paying R925 a month per beneficiary for PMBs - almost double
the industry average and more than three times what members of schemes with
healthiest profiles pay.

This a direct result of regulatory neglect that came about when the government
changed its focus to National Health Insurance (NHI) and abandoned draft
legislation that would have resulted in the implementation of a risk
equalisation fund for schemes.

Then we were expected to believe NHI was imminent. Now it is taken for granted
that it is many years away, but still it seems no one has a plan to help schemes
and their members deal with the problems they face while the NHI master plan is
put together.

Regulated tariffs for PMBs have also been discussed as a way to bring some
relief on the cost of PMBs, but all attempts to get those in place are hanging
on the |outcome of the Competition Commission's considerations of whether
setting medical tariffs for PMBs is anti-competitive or not. And its findings
are not expected within the next 18 months.

High PMB costs mean no low-cost schemes, and this has driven those who cannot
afford schemes into the arms of the health insurers.

Recently, National Treasury published a second set of draft regulations seeking
to define which health insurance products will be allowed. These attempted to
balance the needs of those who cannot afford a medical scheme but want access to
private health care and the security of knowing you will be treated, against the
need to ensure cross-subsidisation in medical schemes is not undermined.

To this end, the regulations propose that policies that pay cash for days spent
in hospital be allowed to continue but with benefits limited to R3 000 a day.
The |regulations also propose the banning of health insurance policies that
combine |primary healthcare benefits with a hospital cash plan.

The aim of this is to keep younger, healthy members in medical schemes where
they can continue to subsidise the healthcare costs of the old and sick, rather
than have them using insurance policies.

These policies currently sell for less than R500 a month, whereas the cheapest
schemes are typically more than R700 |a month.

Schemes are best, but costly

With a higher-priced medical scheme comes greater certainty that your medical
needs will be covered - especially since you enjoy the cover of the PMBs.

Most hospital cash plan policyholders are probably unaware of how inadequate the
insurance can be.

Recently, Liberty Medical Scheme's principal officer, Andrew Edwards, said that
while health insurance products typically pay out R2 500 to R5 000 a day, the
average hospital bill is R150 000 and the average length of stay is three days.

The daily rate for a bed in a general ward is around R2 500, Edwards says.

He also points out that private hospitals do not view insurance products as
credible cover and will ask for an upfront cash deposit - which can be as much
as R40 000 - before you are admitted.

But for low-income earners, including many thousands of truck drivers who use
these combination policies, scheme membership is a luxury that is out of reach.
What appeals to them in the combination policies is access to private ambulance
services and hospital emergency care that could be a matter of life and death,
together with access to basic primary health care by way of private general
practitioner visits and acute medicines.

Providers of these combination policies say that policyholders have a
constitutional right to health care.

Professor Alex van den Heever, the chair of social security systems at the
|University of the Witwatersrand, says no challenge based on the constitution is
likely to succeed for voluntary, unregulated, for-profit health insurance
products, because they do not form part of a rights-based system.

He says a rights-based system is like the one for medical schemes, which
involves legislated guarantees, such as the right of anyone to be admitted as a
member, to pay contributions that are not based on health or age, and to receive
minimum benefits.

Van den Heever argues that the proposed regulations leave medical schemes under
threat of being undermined by brokers and scheme administrators who also sell
insurance acting in cahoots to design schemes with gaps filled by for-profit
insurance products.

He says this poses a conflict of interest for the broker that the Financial
Advisory and Intermediary Services Act has been incapable of addressing.

Meanwhile, one of the providers of a combination insurance product says that if
his policies are banned he will try to get his combination policy registered as
a medical scheme with exemptions from the Medical Schemes Act to make it
affordable.

It made me recall that some eight years ago the medical scheme industry proposed
introducing a reduced PMB package that would have enabled low-cost medical
schemes to be launched.

This too was neglected by policy makers, allowing the health insurers to move
into the vacuum and creating the current problem that sees some 200 000
low-income earners being without access to private health care, with the
consequences that will have for state health facilities.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

KP Govt completes 682 water supply, 20 sanitation schemes in four years

LENGTH: 354  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
attaching great priority to drinking water supply schemes allocated and spent
9097.228 million on 682 water supply schemes throughout the province for the
period 2008-2012.


     Secretary Public Health Engineering Department (PHED) Sohail
Altaf along with Minister for Information informed a media briefing here on
Friday said that Rs. 5437.29 are being spent on execution of four other major
projects of water supply schemes in different areas.
     He said Rs. 160.841 million and Rs. 1000.145 million were incurred
during the year 2007-8 and 2008-9 respectively on completion of 22 water supply
schemes, adding that 138380 persons were benefitted from schemes.
     Similarly, Rs. 1528.694 million were incurred during 2009-10 with
completion of 315 sub schemes serving 181200 persons, he said.
     The secretary said that in 2010-11 the provincial government increased
allocation for water supply schemes and spent Rs. 1860.308 million and completed
298 schemes serving 1852632 persons.
    In the financial year 2011-12 the allocation was further
increased and the final grant was Rs. 3647.240 million was allocated for
completion of 45 schemes and rehabilitation of 717 flood affected water supply
schemes, the secretary informed.
      He said that in the financial year 2012-13 the allocation was 3194.48
million for execution of 1126 sub schemes serving population of 1889162 persons.

     The department has also set up water quality testing laboratory
at Peshawar,Batkhela Malakand and Lakki Marwat in order to reduce water borne
diseases and replaced old pipes,Sohail said.
     He said that 197 rusted water supply pipes have been replaced at a cost
of Rs. 366.906 million while another project for the replacement of old and
rusted pipes in 485 water supply schemes at a cost of Rs. 420.564 million is in
progress.
    The major schemes included Drosh Chitral water supply scheme, water
supply through Chitral to other areas, Gravity flow water supply scheme
Abbottabad, Gravity based water supply scheme batkhela town and feasibility
study for greater water supply scheme Peshawar.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 992 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 12, 2011 Monday

Switzerland: Gorenstein liaison: using commutative algebra to study projective
schemes

LENGTH: 463  words


Project Duration: 9/1/2009 - 8/31/2013
Amount Granted: CHF 1,294,039.00
The project topics lie within the fields of commutative algebra and algebraic
geometry, with a particular focus placed on the study of geometric objects
(namely, projective schemes) using tools from (commutative) algebra.

My research plans for the upcoming years are mainly driven by relevant
theoretical questions in algebraic geometry, and more precisely, by questions
related to liaison theory. The theory of liaison or linkage formally started in
the seventies, although it had been used by others before, in an hoc manner.
Roughly speaking, liaison aims at understanding the class of projective schemes,
by partitioning it into families of schemes (the liaison classes) that can all
be ultimately ``linked%% to the same scheme. A linkage step consists of taking
the union of the scheme that we study with another one, so that the union
belongs to a well-studied family of schemes (complete intersections or
arithmetically Gorenstein schemes). In an ideal situation, the scheme that we
study is linked to one that we understand better, and their union is simpler
than each of the two parts. A main focus is placed on the study and comparison
of the different types of liaison: liaison via complete intersections, via
arithmetically Gorenstein schemes, and biliaison (which essentially corresponds
to liaison via a special class of arithmetically Gorenstein schemes: The twisted
anticanonical divisors). I plan to further study the linkage pattern of several
families of schemes and, in relation to this, investigate which algebraic and
geometric operations (e.g., specialization and deformation) transform a scheme
into another one in its linkage class. I also plan to use liaison techniques in
a different direction: to establish properties of projective schemes. E.g., I
plan to study which algebraic properties can be lifted from a general hyperplane
section of a scheme to the scheme itself: Most of the results in this area are
established for schemes defined over a field of characteristic zero, and I now
plan to concentrate on fields of positive characteristic. This line of research
aims at reaching a deeper understanding of liaison classes and of the theory of
liaison itself. This approach is also very effective in studying projective
schemes and their properties. Both aspects of the project are relevant in the
context of algebra and geometry. In recent years, I have expanded my interests
to include applied aspects in cryptography and coding theory, with immediate
direct impact on the real world and its fast developing modern communication.
Powerful computational tools from algebra and geometry play a relevant role also
in solving such applied problems.

country :Switzerland
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 992 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           October 26, 2002, Saturday

The future for final salary

BYLINE: Antonia Senior

SECTION: Features; Money; 5

LENGTH: 865 words


Antonia Senior answers your questions on the Maersk decision

MAERSK, a solvent Danish shipping firm, is walking away from a Pounds 3.5
million deficit in a UK pension scheme, leaving the members likely to receive
pensions up to 60 per cent less than they were expecting.

The move has caused many to question whether final salary schemes, such as the
Maersk plan, should be reassessed. Do they deserve their reputation as the
Rolls-Royce of pension plans? Are money purchase or defined contribution schemes
, that are replacing many final salary schemes, really the future for pensions?
We answer your questions.

Q: Why has the Maersk decision drawn such publicity?

A: It suggests that employers' pension promises to final salary scheme members
are not all they seem. Maersk has set a precedent and more healthy employers
could follow its example, winding up schemes without topping up deficits.

Tom Ross, president of the Faculty of Actuaries, said: "To imply that final
salary schemes are without risk to employees, and employers bear all the risk,
is not correct. Employees' security is only there as long as their employer is
willing and able to make contributions."

Q: How do final salary schemes differ from defined contribution schemes?

A: In a final salary scheme, members are promised a pension based on years in
service and final earnings. The employer bears the stock market risk. In a
defined contribution scheme, the pension paid depends entirely on the amount of
money paid in and the performance of the stock market.

In a perfect world, final salary schemes beat defined contributions by a wide
margin. The pension at the end should be higher and the risk to employees should
be minimal. But the pension promise is entirely dependent on the whim of the
employer. Employers are only required to match the minimum funding requirement.

Q: What is the minimum funding requirement?

A: The minimum funding requirement (MFR) is a test of financial strength. But
even if a scheme meets the MFR, there is no guarantee that there will be enough
money in the pot if anything goes awry. The company is only legally obliged to
meet the MFR, not the full cost of ensuring that pension fund assets meet the
liabilities in full. The Maersk scheme meets the MFR but it still has a deficit.

So if your employer goes bust or chooses to walk away from the liability, you
have no legal recourse to demand the pension you had expected.

Q: What is the Government doing?

A: It is looking at the inadequacy of the MFR and issues of member security, and
is expected to come up with a solution in a Green Paper on pensions next month.
But experts expect that any measure to close loopholes will not become law until
at least 2005, leaving pension scheme members vulnerable. Employers who lose
their commitment to final salary plans could use the intervening time as an
opportunity to abandon their promises.

Q: So if I am offered a defined contribution scheme, I shouldn't feel too
aggreived?

A: Mr Ross says: "The money paid in a defined contribution scheme is for your
account, and isn't effectively used to subsidise other people. And what you
don't get is the danger of the employer going bust or choosing to walk away."
The money in a defined contribution scheme is yours, whatever happens to your
employer. The only risk you bear is that falls in the stock market will erode
your savings. But this risk can be mitigated by taking control of your
investments. Most schemes have a range of funds for you to choose from,
including cautious investments.

Q: But surely there must be drawbacks?

A: The payout from a defined contribution scheme depends on how much money goes
in and how it performs. The National Association of Pension Funds, (NAPF) the
pension industry body, has long said that the problem with the move from final
salary to money purchase is not the switch, but the fact that many employers use
it as an excuse to cut contributions.

For example, Prudential, the insurer, moved to close its final salary scheme to
new members last month. Though the decision attracted criticism, the defined
contribution scheme it established had generous contributions.

Peter Thompson, NAPF chairman, says: "A lot of people will be as well off in a
defined contribution plan like the one proposed by Prudential, as in some of the
final salary schemes around." Problems arise when employers do not pay
sufficient into defined contribution plans.

Q: What costitutes a reasonable contribution from my employer?

A: Employers contribute less than 6 per cent on average to defined contribution
plans. At this level, the pension is likely to be 30 per cent lower than an
equivalent final salary scheme.

Ironically, Maersk has three generous defined contribution schemes in the UK
covering employees at its other subsidiaries. Members of these schemes benefit
from an employer contribution of 10.5 per cent of salary if they pay in 5 per
cent. Maersk's decision to close the final salary scheme was due to the open
ended nature of the ongoing liability, rather than shying away from a financial
commitment to pensions in general.


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited
